,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or0-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extremely poor and dirty room,The 2 stars were for the staff who were wonderful and the position of the hotel which was excellent. The building itself is lovely as is the inside of the hotel. Unfortunately it went downhill from there. We were given an extremely small room on the top floor with tiny windows you could not look out of. My husband is claustrophobic and felt really uncomfortable. Within an hour of being in the room the air conditioning unit started leaking which just got worse over the 2 days making the carpet sopping wet and smelt funny. To add insult to injury when doing our room check when leaving we found a dirty old sock and a wrapper behind the chest of drawers so the room had obviously not been cleaned. Reported to reception and they said they would deduct 25% from the bill when in fact they deducted £25 from a £300 bill which was not what was offered. Would never return this is not the standard we were expecting.…,Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or0-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"We stayed here for my birthday! Note that if you are arriving by car, there is parking around but be sure to look carefully for payment instructions and also, you will need to pay congestion charge.   This historical, beauty of a hotel was a pleasure to stay at. Like I said it was my birthday, and we had not only been upgraded to a suite, but there was a surprise in the room! I was very grateful to receive that, and it was a lovely touch. Our room was E14, and as you can see from the pictures, it was absolutely stunning. The pillows were another level of comfort, we had a view of the High Commission of India across the road, which was lovely all lit up at night. I was wondering if road noise would keep us awake, but it didn't. We had a super night's sleep.   There were lovely lighting features around the room. I loved the ""his and her"" sinks in the ample bathroom. Just stunning. We went down for drinks and had a lovely chat with the doorman, Doug. He was polite, friendly and funny.  Every time a guest came along, he excused himself and went to open the door. He went above and beyond to make our evening even more special, so thank you, Doug!   For breakfast, we went to the Palm Court and what a gorgeous place to eat! There was an issue with the ticketing system in the kitchen, so we did have to wait a very long time for our food, but as soon as the staff realised this, we had several apologies, from about four different members of staff, including a manager. There was a continental breakfast, where a staff member served you – rather than a buffet. And we ordered a full English and a veggie full English. Lots of food! Think this is the first time I've had halloumi with breakfast, and it was lovely. The coffee was delicious too. There was soft music playing in the background, which was very atmospheric.   Overall, we had a lovely stay. Thank you.…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or0-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed,"The hotel is in a fantastic location and we walked to all the major attractions apart from the Tower of London. Tube stations are close by, we used the Holborn tube and walked 5-10mins to the hotel .  About the hotel  On check in I didn’t find the person on reception very friendly . Not the welcome I was expecting for a 5 star hotel. The hotel is okay, I’ve stayed at better Double tree hotels with better service and interior design .   The service was hit and miss, especially at breakfast. We often placed an order and it wasn’t what was described on the menu ie avocado, chilli, red onion and lime but one day we would get red onion and the next day we wouldn’t . The coffee is served in mugs but with it being 5 star  I was expecting cup and saucer ( China ware). I was not offered a latte etc and had to ask, again I wouldn’t have expected to do this for the star rating of the hotel. We had lunch one day and I nearly broke a tooth on the chicken and bacon it looked like it had been deep fried or it was sat under a hot lamp all day and had dried out  My daughter found a long hair in her full English breakfast and was sent back on one of the days. We also had to chase up orders on occasion.  We stayed in a two bedroom suite and it was nice and spacious but the decor was low key and not as plush as I was expecting . The bed was comfy but I noticed  that you didn’t get a biscuit …getting picky I know but we paid £1500 for three nights so my expectations was up there!!   Nobody on check out asked how our stay was which surprised me but my stay here has really put me off booking with them again. I was expecting wow and I didn’t experience it . As I mentioned earlier I have stayed in better 4 star Hilton’s…. but the hotel was nice and the location was great so I know some of the price for the room is also where the location is in London    We made some great memories but we won’t be back…",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or0-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Maybe covid has let it slip,"Stayed here for 1 night, I must say after staying in so many Hilton Brand hotels around the world this was a massive let down. I know Covid is playing a massive part in the way hotels are run now but as its not busy you'd think the service would be upto scratch. We went to the bar for a drink and being diabetic have sugar free drinks to be only offered slimline tonic is a joke. What bar nowadays doesn't keep stock of diet coke or zero?  Breakfast this morning was table service for the full English, the poached eggs rock hard. Seemed like minimal staff of the restaurant floor so getting a refill of coffee was no no. As for the superior room it was smaller than a room at your average Premier Inn. The pillows were so thin they wasn't worth using  I feel let down by the standards of this prestigious hotel that we've come away feeling deflated.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or0-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"If you want to push out the boat on a trip, then give this hotel a miss","Firstly there was the lack of knowledge amongst the staff at checkin, we checked in Friday for 2 nights. Got to our room which is smaller than a room at premier inn but double the price. The room had paper cups with the tea making facilities, I assumed this was due to covid.   Roll on next morning and a cleaner tries to enter our room at 9:00am, we had the lock on which stopped them. Literally 10 mins later I get a knock on the door from management asking me for my last name, I give it and they go away. I don’t hear anything else from them on this matter until after we went out for breakfast and came back to the room around lunchtime.   Our key didn’t work and so I went down to reception and left my partner sitting on the floor outside our room for 15 minutes (this stay was to celebrate her 40th Birthday). When I finally got to reception they told me I was only booked for 1 night, but I showed them my Booking.com reference which showed 2 nights. They went into the office for 5 minutes whilst I waited at the desk. They came back and said my mistake had been sorted, I said it wasn’t my mistake but theirs and Booking.com mistake. They sorted my key and I went back up to the room.   We left the room not long after to continue our stay, but when the returned at about 9pm our room had not been made up by the cleaners and we had no fresh towels or tea making facilities. I phoned down to reception the first time i got how answer so tried again, this time someone answered and I explained all the above. They said sorry and the would sort it out and would we like 2 free beers to make up for it, I obliged but said i wasn’t happy with the state of the room. 15 minutes later they came with the 2 beers but no fresh tea making facilities, in that time I’d also checked my credit card statement and they had taken payment twice for my stay. I told the person at the door could they bring me more tea stuff and ask the manager to call the room.  No one returned our call or brought any tea facilities, I didn’t bother chasing as I couldn’t be bothered. Next morning at 7 I went to see reception on both matters, again I was told my mistake on the booking and an apology for the lack tea facilities and no clean of room.  For a hotel of this price I don’t think I would stay again, I’ve had better service at a premier inn. To make matters worse it took my 10 days of chasing them for my credit card not have 4 payments taken off and only the 1.…",Date of stay: April 2021,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,Me and my daughter went here for a city break it was lovely. Staff are lovely food lovely pool lovely and our room was fantastic and big. the staff were lovely and were so welcoming the whole hotel was awesome. It is also nearby to amazing attractions and lovely restaurants and cafes. Would definitely recommend and a lovely stay would go back. I would rate this a trillion stars if i could. It was lovely.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It was Promising,"So excited when my husband treated me to this hotel for my birthday, he even paid more to upgrade us to the executive suite.  Had a lovely time in Covent Garden, then came back, thought we would have a lovely soapy bath with some wine from room service, it didn’t come after an hour of ordering, when I called I explained, the phone was put down on me, then called again and eventually got our wine, bit too late!!  Then we went down to breakfast for 10 AM, the “LOVELY” waitress Charday  (hope that’s how you spell her name as she was a total “star” (the best bit about breakfast) told us, as they were busy and we had ordered a full breakfast it would be a bit of a wait, this is absolutely understandable, The lovely Charday then came over later and was shocked to discover we hadn’t…",Date of stay: April 2021,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff and location,"I’ve stayed here several times before and love it. The old world charm is perfect for London. Everyone who works here is amazing! Location is perfect, walk everywhere, restaurants everywhere. Two comments: would have preferred Keurig style coffee in room, what was provided was poor and restaurant not open until 8. I was a bit surprised as to how hard the bed was, have not had this in my previous stays. Always loved the beds, not sure what went wrong this time. Even so, I will absolutely be back. ",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,Totally overrated experience I am a Diamond member and this is probably one of the worst Hilton properties I have stayed at. Breakfast took nearly an hour to be received for an omelette what was received could not fill a child. Afternoon is mediocre and have had better at a big standard hotel. Waldorf are living of reputation was an extremely poor service from start to finish. Will definitely not stay here again or recommend to anyone. Or and don’t request a snack in the night you’ll be lucky if you can get a bottle of water mine took almost two hours to received. ,Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Give the Elephant Gin a miss!,"Pre dinner drinks - elephant gin rather disappointing, but Hayman's Gin very  acceptable.  The lounge bar had a good ambience, the staff were very attentive and even provided some French fries at the table as they were out of/or couldn't serve nuts!",Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or10-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding party,"I got married at Marylebone registry office back in February, just before Covid became a problem. We based ourselves and guests at the Waldorf so that we could celebrate in style.  The service care and attention we received from the hotel staff and the premium club team was fantastic.  It’s amazing that a year has nearly passed and this was the last family event before the Covid pandemic began.  We can’t wait for this all to be over and for us to be able to revisit the Waldorf and celebrate our anniversary.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or10-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous visit,"My family and I visited the Waldorf Hilton earlier this week. We had the most exquisite meal, received attentive and friendly service and enjoyed the beautiful ambiance of the hotel. The food was delicious and the Waldorf was able to cater easily to all dietary requirements. High praise must also go to the friendliest doorman in central London- Douglas Reid. I would highly recommend a visit to the Waldorf London...we will certainly be returning.",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or10-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,My word what can I say. Absolutely fantastic. Even asked did we want a square or round table. We choose a round one. The sandwiches came out first each on full of flavour. Then the cakes came out . Each one was presented with so much detail shame to eat them. We had the unlimited champagne package so we were there for about hour and a half.  Well done to the 2 waitress who looked after us. I just hope the photo's do the food justice. ,Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or10-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"What can I say, from pre-arrival to check out the service was fantastic. Reception team very welcoming and attentive. The room was clean and contemporary with art deco touches! Parrot bar just perfect with the panelled walls and soft jazz in the background. Dinner in the Homage was superb, menu limited due to current climate which is understandable but the service, presentation and of course the setting were second to none. First time visiting this hotel and will certainly be returning. Working in the industry myself I have a critical eye but no fault found here. Special mention to the fabulous Doorman - Douglas. You were very helpful and made us feel so welcome. Credit to the hotel. Thank you all for a wonderful stay.",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or10-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Doorman Douglas,"During our stay, Douglas made us laugh every time we interacted, making our stay a positive one despite these trying times. Thank you very much Douglas, you are a key member of the Waldorf's team and made our time in London memorable :)",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or15-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel steeped in history ,"Fabulous hotel steeped in history, located in the heart of London Theatreland. Good Godfrey bar and lounge serves an excellent cocktail. Made to feel very welcome from the moment we arrived at the hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or15-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Revisit ,"The location of this hotel is second to none, the staff polite and attentive, the rooms spacious and very comfortable. A fantastic stay and with having the two bedroom suite the closest thing to a weekend away without the kids as they enjoyed having their own space whilst we were able to relax in the lounge knowing they were ok. We had a few minor issues on our last stay but it must have been just bad luck as the whole trip was first class. ",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or15-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in London,"We have just returned from a lovely stay at The Waldorf Hotel in London.    Very welcoming staff, fantastic service, lovely room (free upgrade upon arrival), quick room service.  Late check out time which was definitely needed. I would certainly stay here again as the hotel is in a fantastic location, close to The Strand and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or15-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Night Away for a Treat,"After having our holiday cancelled because it fell under the 2nd lockdown, we decided to grab a night away. We settled on The Waldorf due to reccomendations from others.  The place is well located in the West End, walking distance from most of central London and especially Covent Garden. Arrived and was made very welcome by the Doorman who showed us to the reception, checking in was easy and we were located in the first floor in a gorgeous room, we were greated by a delicous cake waiting for us which was a lovely sugar hit after the travel, Room was beautifully clean and a decent size. Bed was lovely and firm.  Breakfast the following morning was delicious, service was great and in a beautiful setting.  The staff throughout our stay made us feel very welcome and special and we…",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or15-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room, dirty lifts, cold pool, awful breakfast","My son and I stayed at the Waldorf for a special weekend in London. The hotel was nicely decorated for Christmas  and our room was very spacious and comfortable. Sadly the swimming pool was very cold and in the morning one of the lifts had fried chicken bones in the corner! Where were the cleaners? Worst of all breakfast was awful. We waited 40 minutes for our food, had to remind the waiter to get it, and when it arrived it was cold! In addition the bacon and toast were burned and the scrambled eggs were like rubber. Some of the waiters were wearing masks only over their mouth and not their nose which everyone knows is pointless, and unhygienic. Overall for the money we paid and what we would expect of a hotel such as the Waldorf it was extremely disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2020,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or20-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Burnt and ignored,"My husband, his brother, wife and myself visited London as our Christmas family get together.  We stopped at The Waldorf London arriving on 16th November and leaving the 17th November in room 714.  We had an amazing time.  The hotel is lovely and the staff was all-great.  My reason for this review is that the towel rail in the bathroom was ridiculously hot, I understand they need to be hot but this one has left a very nasty burn on the side of my bum.  I bent to pick a towel up off the floor and just touched the side of the rail that made me scream and jump it hurt that much.  My husband ran in to see what had happened and was shocked at the mark.  I immediately put a cold flannel onto the area while my husband went to get a manager and first aid.  The manager came up and she…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or20-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful View,"Hotel was fine, the room was a insult, the view from the room was completely blocked by a steel shed, the hotel wasn't full, so I assume they heard my northern accent and thought he's a thick northerner so we'll give  him a crap room. Reality is I'm quite wealthy and have stayed at some of the top hotels in the world, the view over the bay in Monaco from the Hotel de Paris, was definitely better.",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or20-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London short stay,"Had an excellent short break last week,the deluxe room we booked was spacious and well equipped.We included breakfast which was really good and plentiful and all procedures in line with Covid.Staff were always pleasant and helpful especially during these difficult times.Douglas the doorman deserves a special mention,a tremendous asset to the hotel,who couldn’t do enough for us.",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or20-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A welcome treat,Lovely friendly and professional staff working to strict covid conditions. Very clean room and bathroom. Wonderful bed.  Wonderful Martinis in the bar... would really recommend if you are looking for some old school charm.,Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or20-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay. No reduction in quality during Covid.,"I have been in many hotels since the lockdown and it is clear that almost all have reduced prices and cut service to the bone, with food options, particularly breakfast becoming low quality, poor value and a cash cow. I stayed at the Waldorf with the wife pre COVID and decided to take advantage of the lower prices to stay somewhere better whilst working in London. I fully expected not to get a repeat of the excellent experience we had pre COVID and I was entirely wrong. I was allocated a fantastic room, with a bath to die for and a huge, comfortable bed. The service and quality in the bar, at check in, check out and breakfast were as attentive and excellent as I remember. Douglas on the door was great and entertaining to have a natter with. His technique for hailing a taxi is a…",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or25-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer service,We had a super time at the Waldorf Hilton this weekend. It is a beautiful building which has been very nicely renovated. Room lovely. We were particularly impressed with the customer service ethic of the staff in the hotel. Everyone was very friendly and helpful - a rarity these days. A shout out to Liza and Douglas.  Breakfast also good - we had the full English. I heartily recommend.,Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or25-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,special place,"I love the Waldorf.  I have stayed 3 times now and always enjoy every minute.  The staff are always wonderful, they make it a special place for me.  The rooms are pleasant and the breakfast unbeatable.   It is a beautiful building in a convenient location.",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or25-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect,Lovely hotel with everything you need. Very well run under the current guidelines and would definitely return. Special mention to the doorman Douglas Reid who every time in seeing us he made conversation and went that extra mile with us. 5/5*,Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or25-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, sub-standard service","I stayed here for many-many nights spanning 2015-2016. Love the location, and it is quite value for money, and enjoyed most of my nights here. Rooms are big and nice. However, the some of the staff here are not very well trained. The receptionist who'd tell me (diamond member) that there's no room upgrades available after asking politely, and then gave my friend who's checked right after me an upgrade (not diamond). I'm not too fussed about getting an upgrade but it does feel like it's a race thing, I can't think of other reasons. The receptionist and I are of the same race though. Also, when having my breakfast, I like to ask for one of the special pancakes that they do on a separate menu. I've been constantly told that 'my order will not be free', and clarified that I am aware…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or25-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall good stay,"Despite COVID, me and my partner were desperate for a break away so decided to stay at the Waldorf as everything we wanted to visit was in walking distance which meant no public transport, and of course it’s a famous hotel at a really reasonable price. Check in was smooth, although while trying to do so, there were two doormen arguing in the entranceway.. We had been upgraded from Queen Deluxe to a King Executive Room, but actually much preferred the layout of the Queen Deluxe so requested the room to be changed back at reception. This was no problem for the helpful gentleman on reception, however it raised some issues when he needed management to authorise it, but eventually it was sorted.  The cafe that breakfast was served in was beautiful, as was the a la carte breakfast. An…",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or30-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful ,5 star all the way! What a amazing experience ! Thank you .. celebrated my birthday here & couldn’t have asked For more from the staff the surroundings & the food! I would highly recommend this place to anyone! ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or30-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury Break in the time of Covid,"In this time of Covid to be honest I'm always nervous about hotel stays, however this hotel has everything in place for the safety of its guests. (Clean Stay. full information on the Hilton site) This excellent hotel is located at the Aldwich in the heart of theatre land, and a few minutes walk from Covent Garden. Being an older hotel, the rooms are larger than most hotels in London and beautifully appointed and well equipped with A/C, TV, tea & coffee facilities, bath and shower etc. Upon arrival I received a warm welcome from the staff at check in. I had checked in online before and my room was beautifully prepared. Whilst the executive lounge is closed because of Covid I received vouchers for drinks in the bar and evening canapés (table service) although there is a limited…",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or30-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel with prime location,"Stayed at the waldorf for my wife's birthday. From arriving until leaving the staff were brilliant, the doorman were really helpful, a special mention to Douglas and francesco who answered our questions and were overall very helpful.  Roxy in dinning room was really pleasant and very helpful too.  Location is great, out front door turn right and literally 5 mins from covent garden Market, Leciester Square, Piccadilly and China Town. Waterloo Bridge 5 mins walk and London Eye, big Ben etc all in sight.  Lovely room, we had junior suite and bed and pillows so comfy. Would 100% recommend the waldorf. Lovely historic building, considering the time (covid) all at he Waldorf doing a great job.Thank you for a memorable stay.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or30-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Horrendous experience ruined a birthday treat,"Booked a double double room and then upgraded online to a suite as this was a treat weekend away for a birthday.  Advertised as a Hotel with a pool, to then find upon check in at 3pm (need to pay extra for an earlier check in) pool closes at 4pm! Strict regime on breakfast slot, we had to book on check in for 8am or 10.45 but breakfast closes at 11am, no other slots available.  Arrived, no upgrade available despite booking it and sent off to a dated, shabby double double room with a brick wall view.  The room had holes in the wall, bare wiring hanging out.  Decoration ‘cut’ to fit the extra double bed, really poor and shabby.  Not what I expected from a ‘top’ London hotel.  I’ve had better rooms in a budget hotel.  Called reception to move room, told no rooms available, offered…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or30-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Afternoon Tea,"We had afternoon tea on Saturday. When we turned up our website booking hadn’t reached the restaurant, so they didn’t know about our dietary requirements. Even though I’m gluten free they could not have been nicer about this. The chef even made me GF scones from scratch, and came over to check I liked them. Thank you so much Waldorf Hilton. I really appreciated all your help.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or35-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very hard uncomfortable bed,Stayed here on the 20th September for one night upon arrival we were greeted by a very happy friendly Scottish guy. Checked in and was given a complimentary upgrade from the original booking of a queen guest room on entering the room I was very underwhelmed very tired looking and the view outside was of a grotty roof. Disappointed as it was for our anniversary which was in lockdown. We decided to go to the pool area to relax I was expecting something special it was very uninviting no atmosphere at all two other people using the pool I think some background noise would have made it feel more inviting. After going to bed I realised the bed was so uncomfortable there was no give to it at all just felt like a solid rock I didn’t want to say anything but I couldn’t of slept on it…,Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or35-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent night away,"We stayed for one Saturday night. On arrival at 5pm we were efficiently checked in and up to our room. This was spacious, clean and quiet. The furnishings were smart and up to date and we felt a touch of luxury being in the room. It had a large bathtub and smart bathroom too. (They are using paper cups for coffee right now, but glasses for water, which doesnt seem to make any sense for COVID, but still...)  We went for drinks in the bar, which was great. My only complaint here was that we were left for some time standing waiting for a table when there were plenty free (having been told to ""Wait There"") and eventually we took our own. From then on service was great and the cocktails were unique and delicious.  Breakfast in the Palm Court resturaunt felt like an event as well as…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or35-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakaway,"Had a wonderful stay at the Waldorf, great service from the concierge team an restaurant breakfast team the only problem we had was with housekeeping but was soon remedied by reception would definitely recommend this hotel",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or35-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Delightful stay,"I stayed here recently to get some things done in London and all of it was just splendid. In usual times, I frequent Hilton hotels all over the world so I was able to use my points for this stay; however I had a look at the nightly rate and I can say with confidence that it would be worth your money. Even then, it’s not that expensive considering it’s right in the centre of London.   Services are limited at the moment, but it’s functional as a nice hotel. Dinner is available in the bar and I’d like to mention the servers Jasmine and Lucas, who were excellent. I used the swimming pool in the morning and it’s all functional and Covid-safe. The gym is also open.   Breakfast is currently a la carte, and was executed brilliantly by the team. It’s served in the wonderful Palm Court.  …",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or35-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay so far,"Currently staying at the Waldorf Hilton and it is very quickly becoming my favourite hotel in London.  Apart from the historic and charm of the building itself plus it’s amazing location, what stands out is the staff who are simply amazing. The high level of service and attention to detail is great. This is across Front Office, Food and Beverage and Housekeeping.   No request is too much trouble and as we are here for 7 nights, they have quickly learned our preferences and faces. We really feel at home here with the welcome back from concierge, going to Front Desk and they already know our room number to walking into the bar and they know our favourite drinks without having to order.  Living in Beijing, I don’t come to London much, but whenever I do, this hotel will certainly be…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or40-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing experience beautiful hotel outstanding staff ,We stayed one night in a suite  on 18th September and had afternoon Tea. We was greeted with a huge hello and smile from the doorman who was a lovely Scottish chatting gentleman who got my friend an ashtray so when could smoke before we went into hotel. He asked us all about our plans on our visit and made us feel so welcome and was truly interested in us. We had our afternoon tea booked at 2 but arrived at 12.30 and asked if we could have it early. We was helped by a lovely man who was from  Argentina he could not do enough for us sat us down and was attentive from beginning to end of our afternoon tea which was truly delicious. Then we booked into our room and I had a happy birthday cake waiting for me. The room was beautiful very spacious lovely sized bed and 2 bathrooms. All…,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or40-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Distinction,"On our last stay on September, we found a first class hotel receptionist and breakfast team. Luzia made us feel that our experience at the hotel was personally important to her. This Hotel is in a prime location and the rooms are well designed and very comfortable. Breakfast was awesome at the wonderful ballroom, also the pool, and only one english lady really nice at the cocktail bar. We were just expecting more at the bar. Tks a Lot Christina. ",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or40-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in London - very friendly staff! ,"We stayed for three nights this was our first visit to the hotel and first trip post Covid.  From the moment we were welcomed at the door by Douglas we knew we would have a lovely stay.  I must say I liked the new housekeeping stickers on the door to say the room had been cleaned and sanitised to the new standards. The service and staff went above and beyond to make our stay perfect. Nothing was too much trouble. The food and drinks were incredible and the hotel is just fantastic. I had the best sleep ever as the beds were the most comfortable I’ve slept in. Special mention again to Douglas the doorman who really made our trip spectacular, very friendly and knowledgeable man and to top it off he is a northerner too 😀. Thank you for a lovely visit we will be returning again…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or40-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great covid stay! ,"We had our doubts over how hotels would be implementing safety measures that didn’t destroy the enjoyment of a hotel stay, however the Waldorf Hilton seems to have done this well.   The iconic hotel is within a very beautiful building and as soon as you arrive the friendly doorman is there to greet/assist you.   Checking in was swift and efficient with the hotel staff clearly happy to be back at work and to have a steady stream of guests staying at the property (we were also glad to see a good number of guests staying at the hotel). The reception also has a one way system in place along with various sanitising stations.     On arriving at your room, you’ll notice that it has been sealed by the cleaner who left it, meaning that your room is totally clean and sanitised for you.…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or40-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The top range hotel,Fantasic business hotel always fantastic staff really nice hotel plenty to do divine food and lovely rooms to stay in will hopefully return in future quite nice area to staff really friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or45-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous,"We checked out of the Waldorf Hilton today and I’m so pleased we stayed. It’s a friendly hotel, not once did a team member not say hello as we passed by.  The room is tastefully decorated with light shades, silent air conditioning and a generous sized bathroom (with bath and overhead shower).  We received a complimentary upgrade from Liza on check in, she is so pleasant and nothing is too much trouble, the door team and concierge equally as hospitable.  Breakfast is served a la carte in the main hall and what a way to start your day! I’m not going to spoil the surprise for you but take breakfast and enjoy - you won’t be disappointed! There is signage throughout the property directing you to follow social distancing rules, sanitiser points throughout and of course polite…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or45-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London open,"Great room ,  everything almost normal.  Due to COVID breakfast is served to you much better than normal.  Douglass the doorman is a wealth of knowledge and very helpful.  Free drinks on check in and upgrade to executive room and the price was a 1/4 of what it normally is",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or45-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Swim and cocktails ,Francesco the doorman is extremely welcoming and friendly and gave us good recommendations. He suggested we have some drinks at the bar which was really good. We enjoyed the atmosphere. We also visited the pool and had a nice time but did notice it needs some touch ups and maintenance.   ,Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or45-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful location, and it stops there ","Yes we visited this hotel during Covid but I’m going to breakdown what was good and bad about this hotel.   Firstly 5/5 for location. It’s less than a 2min walk to the centre of Covent Garden, a few mins more and you are in Leicester Square. We flew in to Heathrow and in under an hour we were in the hotel trying to check in.   Secondly 4/5 cleanliness. Room and hotel were always clean, new towels etc everyday.   Lastly 2/5 Staff.  On check in we weren’t told about any of the facilities, their locations in the hotel, as this was Covid there was no information about what was open and what was closed. No information was given to us, no guidance nothing.  We ordered room service on the first evening and when we called down we were told that everything that was on the TV guides were…",Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or45-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing. Avoid.,"You can do much better in London for the price. Thirty minutes in a queue to check in. Our first room had both taps in the bathroom putting out scalding hot water. They finally had to move us to another room after a day without a shower. Hotel bar and breakfast service extremely slow, almost making us late for a train one day thanks to an hour long wait for breakfast despite having had to book a time in advance. A generally dreadful experience. Tiny ""Queen"" bed on wheels that moved every time you got in or out, disturbing your partner. Cannot believe I blew my Amex points on this  hotel. Clearly living off the name, but nowhere near the quality of the Waldorf in NYC. Hardly anyone, including staff wearing face masks. Complete disappointment. See no reason to return. I feel so…",Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or50-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage HIGH tea,"Firstly I was so disappointed by the level of service, phoned several times and nobody picked it up, not really what you expect from the Waldorf. Call was ringing for ages transferring from one department to another one by people who didn't care. Don't tell me because of COVID...Answering phone is a basic, I was nearly giving up. Finally, someone bothered to pick up my call and took my order for the 'take away' afternoon tea.  Very poor offering wrapped in grease paper, dried sandwiches and one scone was raw in the middle. Not worthy at all, my husband told me why on earth I was crazy enough to order high tea in a take away format. Really bad and waste of money. Waldorf should do better.",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or50-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"My husband, booked the Waldorf as a treat for my birthday, sadly it wasn’t the experience we were hoping for! Most of the staff were friendly, but it all seemed a bit faulty towers, especially at breakfast, they couldn’t find our reservation at breakfast. And we had sat down for almost 20 minutes before someone took our order, someone else tried to give us someone else’s drinks, and when our drinks arrived the tea was tepid and tasted more like earl grey than breakfast tea! When our breakfasts arrived my poached eggs were underdone so a light touch with the knife and the eggs exploded and just looked disgusting! Sausages and bacon were over done! We had to ask for our orange juice as it didn’t arrive with the tea or the breakfast (we placed the order all together) Had we not…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or50-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Homage Restaurant,"I have recently been let down by the Waldorf Homage Restaurant as i had a voucher for there campaign afternoon tea as part of my leaving gift from my old work. I couldn't use due to covid-19 and the voucher did expire in this time. I had tried to get in touch with the restaurant since they opened on the 3rd Aug and no one picked up the phone calls or replied back to my emails asking if this voucher was ok to use. They replied back the day before i was meant to go for the booking saying they wont except this as it has expired and the company are not extending the expiry dates, and just cancelled the reservation.  I would of understood the terms with the voucher company and that the Waldorf are in a difficult position if they wont extend.   What i cant except is awful customer…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or50-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A special Treat and worth it,"I stayed here whilst at some meetings, and luckily it was a great treat and for the time i booked it was on Special offer and cheaper then many other Mid Range Hotels :) Hotel as Elegant as possible, Staff so well mannered, Rooms I had Large sitting area, King Bed, Massive Bathroom and Tea and Coffee maker etc,  Downstairs for Breakfast which was great, at nighttime they had a cocktail bar which was perfect after the meetings,  10 out of 10 again for Elegance, Over the top decor, Everything was great much better then the one in New York, (Room was amazing there but downstairs needed help)",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or50-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel could use some refreshing,Stayed here before 5 years or so ago. However this time its evident the hotel could use some refreshing. Staff are absolutely excellent and well trained.  Rooms and bedding and towels are very good and very clean. The location of this hotel is good for access to the Theatre District. As a Hilton member I would probably stay here again but do expect more from the Waldorf Brand.,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or55-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Night at the Waldorf,"Alongwith my grand-daughter we travelled toLondon for a night at the Waldorf, we went out for dinner to Sastraso Restaurant, a lovely restaurant, so colourful, the food was so good, after dinner we were entertained by a group of violinists and a cello player, they were so talented even dancing the can can and still playing their violins, unfortunately because of the plague that was the last time they were peforming, the next entertainment was two young ladies who took it in turns to sing arias from operas, just right for classical music and opera fans.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or55-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,There’s nothing major to compliment about ,"The overall service was good, praise the restaurant and concierge, the front desk was professional, but not too friendly. The location is convenient, it’s close to most attractions in London’s Delicious breakfast served in the beautiful restaurant. Should’ve stayed longer",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or55-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton family hotels we've stayed so far.,"It was absolutely unplanned stay. Due to flight cancelation, we had to spend an extra night in London. It was the best decision to stay at this hotel! Such a convenient location, highly professional and friendly staff ( special Thank you to Gareth for his help and warm welcome!) and beautiful restaurant! Oooh, and room 603 - is really lovely!",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or55-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""Such a convenient Hotel for business and pleasure""","As I am in London 4 or 5 times a year on business, I always try to stay at The Waldorf near Covent Garden.  It is so convenient and very comfortable. I usually only manage to get in during February, May and August, but I am grateful nonetheless. The staff are always helpful and the Executive Lounge is both convenient and first class.  Bar meals too in the Lobby or The Bar are tasty and reasonable.  I also find Room Service speedy and value for money. Unfortunately, with Coronavirus, our meeting in May is likely be be over Video link, so I will miss my visit this time. Hopefully, by August hotels will be operating again! Good luck to all hotel staff in the meantime",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or55-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Iconic Hotel,"The Waldorf was undergoing serious renovations when I went. It didn't miss the style, the class or service - merely more difficult access and egress. You really do feel the experience at this iconic Hotel, the staff are wonderful, respectful and adorned. ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or60-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,We loved our stay. The location was so convenient and the hotel was beautiful! The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating - we had no issues or worries throughout our entire stay. The rooms are a bit small but considering how old the hotel is its understandable.,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or60-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very good, but slipping on the little details","We enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf, but we were expecting more. There was no point in the executive lounge - only if you want a Coke and a scone. Alcohol was only served between 6-8:30, when most guests are at dinner or the theater. No atmosphere, you could not look out the windows and there was no music playing. Very quiet. The carpets looked worn along the staircases and in the hallways and there was a large rip in the carpet in the bar. I know it sounds like I'm being picky, but it's the small details that set one establishment apart from the rest. Our suite was nice but again not up to the standard I was expecting. Limited artwork on the walls and the sofa did not fit the space, as it the decorator said, 'that will do'. Not up to the standard I was expecting of the Waldorf.…",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or60-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wife's birthday weekend,From start to finish our stay was nothing but exceptional from the warm friendly welcome from Maria at reception to the bar staff the breakfast staff and Everyone thankyou so so much thankyou so so much for making not just my stay but my wife's stay a weekend to remember on her birthday weekend and thankyou to Lizz for our complimentary birthday drinks. Everything was perfect your breakfast was outstanding and I loved your spinach and kiwi smoothy   Through this very difficult period in hotels I like to say to you all well done   We will see you again very soon   Tom and Beccy,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or60-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Birthday Weekend,"From start to finish everything was perfect, all staff amazing, friendly, very attentive, room beautiful, room service food gorgeous, breakfast amazing.  No negatives at all. Will definatly stay again. Thank you for a wonderful stay.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or60-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great position,"We stayed for 2 nights in a junior suite with lounge access for a birthday. Lovely room, with separate lounge area and a marble bathroom. Doormen/Valets a delight, even remembering your name the following day. We did have an issue with not being able to stay for a couple of hours in the bar on valentines night as we hadn't made a reservation despite spending over £300 per night on the room so we ended up going out to a pub instead.  Lounge access was a bonus especially in the middle of the day when you could have a cake/sandwich and a hot drink. Space is limited in the food area and on more than 1 occasion there were issues with the coffee machine.  Breakfast was O.K with a selection of hot/cold food. Pool area nice though could do with a bit of a makeover as looking a bit tired.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or65-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location and hotel,"In the heart of the theater district & near Covent Gardens, the Waldorf Hilton is a fabulous hotel whose staff works hard to make everything perfect.  Theaters on either side of the hotel with many great restaurants & pubs in close proximity. My new go-to hotel in London.  ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or65-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Historically Well-Located Hilton,"The Waldorf Hilton reveals as advertised.  It is just a Hilton.  They ""Make it Right"" if asked to do so, and it is overall nice of course.   It sits between two (2) theatres right in the Theater District.  We went to get in Line for our show around the corner, and walked about ten (10) steps where we realized we were in line.  That was GREAT.   We had fun.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or65-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous ,"We continue to come back again and again because this hotel has fantastic customer service (many of the staff have been here for years) but also location, location, location. Upgrading your room is definitely worth it. Harley at the Premier Office always goes out of his way to help us plan hotel bookings and recommend things to do in the area. You cannot beat The Waldorf! ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or65-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"I am a member of the Hilton Honours loyalty scheme, but this was my first stay at this hotel, and will not be my last! I booked a Queen Room but was upgraded when checking in to an Executive Room, which also gave me free access to the Executive Lounge. Here you can enjoy complimentary drinks and food all day. But a Hotel lives by its staff, and they are 1st class and were all warm and friendly. Breakfast was even better, they will cook eggs exactly how you want them, and provide Marmite, even though it is not on display! Well done Hilton! ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or65-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,When is a Queen bed smaller than a regular double? ,"My husband & I stayed at The Waldorf London 7-8th March 2020, booking a Queen Room, expecting a huge bed and luxurious room.  Urm no. Tiny, basic and tired room with a tiny bed to match. But celebrating my birthday and not wanting to make a fuss, we got 'on with it'. In the UK a queen bed is generally understood to be huge. But in the US it's smaller than a regular double, so being US owned we had a tiny bed. At 4am with no sleep, I rang reception for a larger bed only to be told it would be an upgrade with an associated charge! I'm not sure who would buy one at this time, but Waldorf priotities are clear and it's not customer experience!  When I checked out I conveyed my disaapointment namely: Confusion over size bed. No toilet brush (not great for a romantic night away!) Light…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or70-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Booked the 'free flow champagne' afternoon tea through groupon.  Such a lovely afternoon and great value for money.  The service was second to none.  Our waiter Ahmed really looked after us.  The rest of the staff were great, from when we greeted at the reception until we settled the bill.  I also need to mention the bar staff.  We sat at the bar prior to going to Tea.  The barman certainly knew his stuff and gave me a lesson in 'british' vodka.  Excellent customer service at the Waldorf Hilton, starting with the Doorman.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or70-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average,Expected more from such a prestige hotel...  Great location for Covent Garden and great service from the doormen who carried my case and called cabs for me. Expensive for what it was. No sign of the advertised coffee machine  in my queen room and no biscuits which I thought was penny pinching .... Plenty of other hotels in London.. won't stay here again ,Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or70-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,That's the view,"We booked in and went to the room and this is the view from a Waldorf window, I went to reception and the answer that's the view from your windows enjoy, never slept in a broom cupboard before total ripe off and staff don't care. So that's my stay ruined if I hadn't already paid I would be staying elsewhere tonight but lesson learnt I will never stay here again. The only reason we came here was because it was so good previously.",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or70-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nostalgic London at its finest.,You are greeted at the door by an exuberant bowler hat wearing doorman. Check in thorough and concierge outstanding. We had a queen room which was kitted out with absolutely everything but small. Dinner was amazing and really good value. We of course ordered a Waldorf salad and it was delicious. Breakfast was amazing too. Book the dinner bed and breakfast rate. Pool was ok but not up to the same standard as the rest of the hotel as ran by a third party but is free to use. We stayed during the London  fashion week and one of the shows was in the hotel which was rather exciting to see all the people in their trendy gear!,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or70-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Smiling Condescension,"The Hilton Group is usually a reliable “go-to” for us, and we set off for a weekend in London.  We confirmed we would pay extra for an offered upgrade the day before, so they knew we were coming…we’d paid in advance.  We arrived at 12.30pm and were advised our room was not ready, but that housekeeping were advised we were “in the building”, so we waited.  An hour and a half later, still no room keys for us as we watched dozens of others who arrived after us get their room keys immediately.  I approached the young man at reception at 14.15pm almost two hours after our arrival, who while using all the right “training soundbites” nevertheless lectured me about the hotel having lots of rooms and no room is guaranteed until 15.00.  When I asked if being present in the building was…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or75-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beware discretionary service charge, £5 bottles of water and £5 extra for cheese board plus the 121/2% service charge.","Everything was first class until we received our bill for our pre paid meal.the 12 1/2% was included on everything including the pre paid meal. As I am an great fan of Martin Lewis I was aware that I could refuse to pay this. I did refuse much to the member of staff's disgust. Normally my husband and I would pay 10% through choice, however were rather taken aback by the service charge added to the meal that was included in our package. I am a diabetic and told the member of staff this as there was nothing on the dessert menu suitable for me. She told me that I could have the advertised fresh fruit platter. I had to inform her that i could not as this would give me a sugar rush. I asked for a cheese board without realizing that this would cost me an extra £5(my fault). I have…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or75-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really disappointed,"Having stayed here several times before and recommended to friends, we were really disappointed. Everything was an issue, from booking the room, booking tea and then throughout our stay. We had to pay to upgrade our room as what we had booked wasn't available, tea was of poor standard with limited choice and we were then overcharged. Breakfast was also not up to standard and expensive. Will not return.",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or75-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"My friend and I went to the Waldorf for Afternoon Tea.  We used a £25 Groupon Voucher this was per person and really good value.  The food was lovely, after finishing the sandwiches and bilinis we were offered a tray full of everything again with the choice of having as much as we wanted then the cakes.  The scones were still warm from the oven freshly cooked and absolutely delicious with as much tea as you wanted and a really nice glass of Champagne, the staff were all really lovely, very attentive and friendly I will definitely be going again",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or75-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They pulled out the stops....,"My wife and I had a fantastic stay in October, despite all the renovations the welcome was warm. The room was fantastic and especially with the Exec upgrade, highly recommended and very relaxing. Thanks Harley.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or75-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Amazing selection of teas accompanied by superb savouries, scones and cakes.  Our waiter, Christian was marvellous and looked after us very well. Made the event very special for us. We will return!  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or80-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"Staff and accommodations were great - an unique experience! The welcome is warm and each staff do all to be comfortable and relax. The bar is rich in beverage, and food are great and various, specially the ‘petit-déjeuner’! The location of the hotel is fantastic, very close of the great place, and special location for various restaurants (right, left & left and you are there :o) ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or80-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff!,"Stayed here with my mom and sister and had an amazing time! Rooms were comfortable and clean. Hotel is located in Covent Gardens which was absolutely perfect. The staff was absolutely amazing, made us feel like family and went above and beyond with helping us, giving recommendations, taxis etc. Rodick the doorman was excellent! We loved seeing him everyday and he gave us fun recommendations and facts about London. We would definitely stay at this hotel again! Thank you so much for an excellent stay.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or80-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Douglas, more than a doorman!!!","We were hesitant about staying here again, as last time the room was not up to the usual standard. This stay was fabulous from start to finish, especially because our welcome and departure was made so enjoyable by DOUGLAS. Could he be the most polite, fun and knowledgable doorman in London? He just could, you know. The bar staff are super friendly, too, and Lucas, the deputy manager showed us great hospitality. The rooms were fabulous for the most part, though my daughter was put into one with scaffolding in front of it, which she didn't mind, but I was a bit disappointed with. Still, as we know, property needs looking after and maintenance is necessary. So we can totally understand. Great hotel, with great international staff! What London should be all about!",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or80-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Communal areas were beautiful..,Stayed at the Waldorf for one night and it was overall a lovely hotel. Staff were all polite and very helpful. The main areas in the hotel were were full of flowers and very nice. the breakfast room was beautiful as was the breakfast itself.   We were a little disappointed with our room though. It was a bit dusty in places and the view out the window was of boards on a roof with instruction spray painted on them.  I’m really not as fussy as I sound but it was a treat to stay away and it wasn’t quite the luxury I thought it might be.  My biggest problem was that the room advertised a coffee maker/machine which is what swayed us to book it. It didn’t have one ! When I asked at reception they said it was just the suites .. maybe don’t say rooms have things in them they don’t !   ,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or80-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a hotel !,"We had a family room at the weekend just gone. All the reception staff were amazing and helpful. Even the flowers in the foyer looked simple but very effective.  The family room (242) was out of this world - who has a TV in the bath tub ? WOW. Every corner of the room was spotlessly clean, the bed sheets were pure luxury and the bed was so large and comfortable. The executive lounge was well stocked and beautifully decorated without being cramped with plants and decor. Room to relax the body and mind. The pool area is in definite need of a revamp with lots of peeling paint and rust. However we as a family with young children we thought the hotel experience was one of pure luxury - thank you.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or85-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,Stayed here as part of a coach trip to London. Excellent stay. Comfortable clean room. Very quiet at night considering we were in the centre of London. Only a few minutes walk to loads of theatres so ideal if you want to catch a show. Staff polite and impeccably dressed. Nothing too much trouble. Breakfast delicious and plentiful. Absolutely loved it. Xxxx,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or85-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Afternoon tea,It was lovely experience the staff were lovely although after the desserts were given to us they didn't return to see if we needed a fresh brew of tea as they did with the table next to us. The food was divine I would definitely go again,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or85-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"The Waldorf it’s definitely one of our favorite property to stay in London, the location it’s amazing in the heart of the west end surrounded by the best theaters and musicals, nice restaurants and close to Covent Garden... All the staff is very friendly, in this last time in the reception was Martina who was very professional and kind, always ready to help. The room very comfortable and the hotel’s facilities never let you down, we enjoyed the swimming pool, and the breakfast it’s good. We definitely will stay again in this hotel!",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or85-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service by Homage Restaurant,"Had a fabulous Valentines dinner and treated exceptionally well by all staff, especially Chardae.  Food was lovely and the desert was out of this world!  The service was swift and attentive in a warm friendly atmosphere.  We will be back very soon.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or85-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Returned from a short break with my sister and teenage daughter. My sister is disabled and the service and the attention she received was superb;nothing was too much trouble. I have to mention Gil a member of the front of house team. He was was so attentive,informative and welcoming - a credit to the staff. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will return there for future jaunts to London.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or90-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family vacation to London - sightseeing and football,"Spent the second week in December 2019 in London. Tourist things plus several football matches with my two sons. Waldorf made the trip great - staff, service, rooms, breakfast - will bring me back again. (Going in March 2020 as a matter of fact.)  Waldorf in a great location - easy to walk to most things, close to underground stations for transpo to three different soccer matches. Concierge very helpful with a number of items.  I have been to London a number of times and recommend this hotel. Thanks!",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or90-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Show,Good location. Covered in scaffolding so does not make for a good first impression.  Room was nice and clean. Good location for shows. I would use again. Shower was nice. Mini bar had good range of drinks. ,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or90-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip to London,"This is such a beautiful hotel, from the reception area it looks like it is a small boutique hotel when in fact it has a lot of rooms.  The hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas and the rooms were lovely.  The reason I can not give this 5 stars is our room was not cleaned, we had two rooms, one room was cleaned, but the second room was forgotten.  Unfortunately that was my room, the other room we booked was for our children.  I requested turn down service in my room when we left for the evening to attend the theatre, when we returned to our room it had not been done.  I was disappointed but too tired to worry about it.  The next morning we left for the day and I have to say I was looking forward to returning to my room and having clean towels to shower and get ready for…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or90-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thutankhumun trip 2020,Recently stayed at this hotel for one night with brent thomas coaches All i can say it was one of the best trips ever hotel exceptional room phenomenal 10/10 service gil the porter wonderful service from him staff in breakfast room fantastic really beautiful hotel will definitely return in the future. Only issue no bath mat in bath .,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or90-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,Lovely hotel. Very friendly and helpful staff. Fantastic location and very welcoming. We love taking advantage of the fitness center and pool. We have stayed here 3 times now and are always eager to come back. ,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or95-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but needs a bit of rejuvenation ,"This is a lovely looking hotel, but is in need of regeneration.  The gym was great, could locate the pool.  The breakfast buffing was great. Check in and out was smooth. The room was well presented, again I find myself dealing with really soft pillows at a Hilton establishment.  Dissatisfying was the marks of the wall and roof in this room (see photos).  All up not bad and I loaves the snapshots of history scattered throughout this beautiful building. ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or95-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a superb location,We had booked the theatre for two days and decided to spend the night in London. This hotel is very well located for the National Theatre being only 5 minutes walk away. We also went to the Troy exhibition at the British Museum which is 10 minutes away in the other direction.,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or95-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Luxury Hotel in the best area of London. Walking distance to many theatres and the London eye.,"The rooms are nicely furnished but - as usual in London - not that spaceious like in other places. Clean rooms, good heating and ac system and an extremely comfortable Lounge. It is the perfect place to stay in London.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or95-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Work in Progress ,"This review would have been 5 star but for the ongoing building work at the hotel. I knew the work had been ongoing for some time so I wasn’t that bothered but it’s worth knowing about it in advance.  We stayed for a long weekend and used the executive lounge (the coffee maker needs a degree to use it), the gym (quiet with an okay range of equipment for a hotel) and obviously the bedrooms.  Bedrooms were comfortable with a nice bathroom. The air conditioning was a bit noisy but efficient.  ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or95-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Three Weeks in London,"From the moment we arrived all the team couldn’t have been more helpful.  Our 11y/o daughter was always greeted with a smile and a kind word, any questions we had no matter who in the team we asked, they were always obliging (and organised my tickets to 2 Arsenal games with relative ease – thank you).  The three doorman were outstanding and always had time to have a quick chat, enquire after your day and organise taxis or direct you to the best bus or tube for your day ahead.  Every morning at breakfast, the team there were amazing and we couldn’t have asked for anything more.  The hotel itself is a charming building.  Perfectly located with ease of access to buses and the underground it enabled very easy access to the broader city.  With Covent Garden around the corner,…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good and not so good,"We booked the Waldorf, having stayed some years back.  In many respects, the hotel is still charming with a sense of it's history and excellent service.  Unfortunately though, the room we booked which was supposedly a Superior Queen fell far short of our expectations.  The bedroom was small and plain.  The bathroom was tiny.  We paid nearly £400 for one night bed and breakfast!!  Having stayed in quite a few other hotels in London around this price range with exceptional bedrooms/bathrooms, sadly this is not a hotel we will be rushing back to.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central London night away,"Centrally situated near Covent Garden, good location, helpful staff. Slight issue through a third party with our booking but the hotel were Incredibly helpful and ensured we had minimal disruption to our stay.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in great location,"We recently stayed as a family in London for a weekend with some shows etc.  Location is excellent and whilst there is some work around the hotel, this didnt cause any issues or undue noise.  We had two rooms and both had club access - the club room is not massive, but the team in the club lounge were excellent.  The facilities are like most Hilton; coffee/tea/soft drinks during the day, and then in the evening you can get more drinks and some light refreshments.  We had breakfast in the main restaurant and the choice and quality was excellent - we really enjoyed our breakfast.  The team at the hotel really added to the experience, from checkin through the lunge/facilities, and the general team helping around the hotel.  This was our first stay, but definitely wont be our last.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Close to theatre,"This hotel is musty and old fashioned. Wonderfully positioned for theatre and Covent Garden I decided to book it as it becomes unnecessary to use transport if it’s theatre you want. The room I booked was an executive room. Wardrobe space good, comfortable bed but the rest looked tired and worn. And the windows in the bedroom and bathroom were blackened out and unopenable which gives a claustrophobic feeling to the room.  We had access to the executive lounge which solved many dining problems to do with theatre hours.  We did manage to eat one evening at the Homage which I found well over rated and overpriced even though London is expensive as we all know. We both had rib eye steak but although my companions was ‘ok’ mine was as tough as old boots.  Not what one would expect. I…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend in London,Hotel was brilliantly located for Covent Garden and Theatre Land. My daughter and I shared a queen room which was very spacious and had everything we needed. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - we were just sad that we didn’t actually use the facilities that much as we were out and about so much. Pool area could do with a bit of tlc hence not 5 rating.,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not overly impressed ,"Just checked out after a 3 night stay. Not overly impressed by the hotel. After taking the Redeye, I booked a room the night before to check in early and the process of checking in took painfully long. I woke up a few hours later at 10am to construction and was unable to sleep. The rooms are nice but the general common areas aren’t 4 stars. There is not much common area in the hotel. The gym is very nice and was pleased with it. One night I was working and the internet went out. I called the front desk 2x and no one answered. The hotel was expensive and not the same caliber as other nearby expensive hotels. ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London with Partner and friends,Excellent Hotel close to Theatres and Covent Garden. We arranged to visit Cutty Sark and a show and checked in Saturday afternoon. Check in was easy and the counter staff very helpful. We had arranged afternoon Tea  and enjoyed our time  there. Waiter service was  first class and so were the scones!  A very good hotel maintaining excellent standards in the heart of London. Can not wait for my next trip,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely weekend,I stayed at this hotel for a weekend for my sister's graduation. It's by far the fanciest hotel I've ever been in but everyone was still really lovely. A highlight was Stuart it was on the door calling a taxi for us by whistling which is the most magical thing that has ever happened to me I felt like I was in a Disney film. Say thanks to Stuart!,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Citytrip,"When we checked in the receptionist confirmed we already paid for our room through expedia ( which was true). During the next 3 days none of the staff contacted us, but when we wanted to check out they charged us AGAIN for a room we never used. They claimed we had two bookings with expedia and needed to contact them. After contacting expedia, the hotel had to search that the second booking was made with Hotelbeds (which they also didn't tell us in the beginning). We indeed tried to book with hotelbeds but the site never worked and never send us any confirmation nor did we give a credit card, so we booked with expedia. the receptionist never mentioned this during our stay or our checkin and even their helpdesk kept sending mails trying to make us pay for the two rooms that we…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but rooms are dated,"In terms of location the Waldorf is perfect, you’re right beside Covent Garden, all the theatres, some great restaurants and within walking distance to The Strand and to Fleet St. etc.   However given the price the room itself is quite dated and the beds are small. The mini bars are annoyingly automated so as soon as you move anything your card gets charged so I had to phone reception a few times because of it. There is space in the mini bar for you to use but not much so it’s inevitable you’re going to end up touching something!   I had hoped that the chain would have stopped using mini toiletries by now as the amount of wasted plastic in a hotel that size isn’t worth thinking about. Hopefully that is something that are looking into.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"A beautiful hotel in a fantastic location, the rooms are great, well furnished and comfortable. The food is excellent, especially the breakfast. I just love the Palm Court, a great setting for dinner, it’s very easy to imagine yourself there in the 1920’s, it’s beautifully preserved. Have stayed here on 3 occasions now.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very good stay,"Just a one night stay. It is centrally located, and handy for the theater. Nice afternoon tea, very good breakfast. Got upgraded to lounge access.  Nice and friendly staff and helpful door persons. will be back in a few months for another stay.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in excellent location,"Great stylish hotel in lovely location close to theatres , nice restaurants and shopping at Covent Garden. You pay for what you get but worth the money. Try and book executive lounge access if you can to access a nice afternoon tea served in the lounge ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location to theatre's ,"We stayed in room 118, very hot air conditioning really noisy. Beds extremely uncomfortable and pillows even worse. Bathroom lovely and clean. Reception staff friendly and door men & concierge really friendly and helpful always concerned to help you.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Avoid 8th floor room 804,"We had booked a Junior Suite and were given room 804. When we got to the room it was lovely, a nice sized living area with sofa bed, good size bed and well appointed bathroom.  The noise, however, made it impossible to stay in this room. It was like being on an aeroplane with the constant white noise and vibrations just slight enough to feel. We spoke to reception who came up and tried to tell us it was the a/c or heating system. It was definitely not as it was coming from the ceiling and we could feel the vibrations of something like a generator on the wall behind the bed. Reception said they would send up and engineer but by this point I was starting to feel queasy as I do when I’m travelling so we repacked the bag and returned to reception.   We were told there were no other…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Huge drop in service from 2018 to 2020,"Previously we stayed in the Astor Suite, and gave the hotel a 5 rating. My son stayed in a junior suite. This time we booked into a junior suite and my son into a king suite, all with lounge access. Breakfasts still excellent, good variety and quality. Reception good and the doorman still the best, but when it comes to cleaning the rooms and stocking the rooms, a disaster. when we arrived there was insufficient soap, and stopped supplying cotton wool etc. Ok cost cutting a necessity, but there is no excuse for not servicing the coffee area and restocking the pods of coffee. This happened not once, but two days in a row, and we left the suite at 7am and returning at 15h30 and the room still not serviced, even though the service light left on. When I phoned down to reception to…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Above and Beyond ,"I don't even know where to begin. The Waldorf was my final European destination after a nearly 2 week holiday.  From the moment we stepped out of the cab till the moment we left,  the customer service was on point! Literally every single staff member we dealt with (Porters, bellhops, concierge, front desk, housekeeping, bar waiters, and room service) were all incredibly professional, helpful and genuinely NICE!!!  One of the Concierges (or perhaps he was a Porter) actually escorted us to a safe location over a block away when there was a scheduled protest in the street. Just incredible!!! We booked tour tickets with ease from the Concierge, and were given many excellent recommendations from the Porters. When we arrived we asked that the bed be split into twins which the front…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sugar plum fairy afternoon tea.,It was my girlfriend’s birthday recently and she had been given tickets to see a west end show. So I decided to make a day off it and did some research on afternoon teas in London. I came across an advert for the sugarplum fairy afternoon tea at the homage restaurant. It advertised an afternoon tea with added theatre. And that’s what it provided. Smoke bubbling out of a glass teapot on the centre of the table was the first act. Followed by a colour changing iced tea as an amuse bouchée. The selection of sandwiches were delightful and had a twist on the traditional. Then we had amazing fresh scones with plum jam and delicious pastries. Then another bit of theatre as the macrons where served on a grand piano musical box. This was all washed down with your choice of tea and…,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay in the city,"We arrived at The Wardolf around 11am, although check in wasn't u til 3pm we wanted to leave our bags. We were welcomed by the lovely Scottish doorman who took out bags and escorted us to check in. Our room was ready for us and we were informed of everything we needed to know. The room was lovely, spacious and clean. I had our daughter with us and there were haribo days left on her bad. Lovely touch. Great location, close to Covent Garden and theatre land. Beds are comfy, breakfast was unreal.. Great service. Champagne offered at breakfast, couldn't resist. Absolutely lovely hotel and staff.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family birthday,"Although the check in and bar staff were in line with job expectations.  We arrived back from our  day out in London to a room that was not room serviced.   When I called reception,  the team  shared that house keeping  don't work at night. Far from the service I expect from the hotel. When I asked for fresh towels, I got 2 bath towels. Had to ask a second time for hand towels....just a disaster.  Devastated",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Service and Nice, Comfortable Rooms","A few of us from the US meet every January for a long weekend in London.  We used to stay at One Aldwych but it is out of our price range since the remodel.  The Waldorf is next door and most of those I travel with really like the convenience of the neighborhood so we have moved to the Waldorf.  Is it as nice as One Aldwych?  No, but it is very good and offers decent value for money.    The service tends to be excellent.  The front desk is friendly and efficient.  The front door staff is actually wonderful.  They enjoy what they do and it certainly shows.    Rooms are comfortable and restful.  Old hotel that looks to have had small rooms.  Both rooms I had appear to have been originally two rooms.  Result - decent sized room and huge bathroom.  Up to date, restful decor.  Very…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow fabulous,Sprayed here at this hotel last night From start to finish we could not fault it Sraff we're great and executive lounge was fab Our room was absolutely gorgeous loads of room fantastic bed and location is so good Will definitely be back special thanks to George,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th birthday treat,Beautiful heritage hotel. Currently having a facelift at the moment so couldn't really see its amazing frontage. We were greeted my a very humorous front door chap.  We had afternoon tea with champagne and were not disappointed.  Free flowing chambers was gorgeous in deed. Finger sandwiches and amuse bouch were very light to eat. Patterises were lovely and very tasty. Staff were friendly and attentive and very helpful in explaining what was what. We got a special deal on the afternoon tea so it would be worthwhile looking around.  Would definitely come here again for sure.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Diamond disappointment for a special celebration stay,"We had a choice between the Waldorf and the Park Lane where we would normally stay for our family weekend, on this occasion we decided to book the Waldorf to spend time in Covent Garden. It was my son and his fiancée engagement celebration and I booked a King Executive Suite, King Executive room and a standard room, it cost a fortune for one night and I emailed the guest services to ask for a few special requests like something in my sons room on arrival etc, I wasn’t warned before we arrived but when we checked in the reception offered drinks vouchers because we would probably be kept awake due to a wedding, my daughter had our 14 month old grandson with us and he was kept awake until after 1am, as was my son and his fiancé. There was nothing in the room on arrival and when I…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice experience,"Many good traditional  characteristics of a highest quality hotel. Nice service, good bathrooms, excellent bed, closets and drawers in room etc etc. Particularly I was happy about the absolute silence in my room. Service: I requested a flat pillow when I  arrived and even at 11 pm it was brought to me immediately.  I also asked something to eat at my late arrival, but the little sandwich in the nice downstairs bar was mediocre and clearly overpriced.   There is a swimming pool but I did not use it.   Very tiny little hints of ""wornoutness"", but really very little. In my scale this is 4.5 star hotel.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"What Nice, Nice People Staff This Hotel!!","We love staying here: it's pretty; got a great location; the executive lounge food is yummy.  And, oh, the ENTIRE staff is FANTASTIC.  Here are two truly representative examples from our December 2019 visit:  #1 When we were about to unpack in our room, having just checked-in, we noticed that the room's heating-n-air system was a ""bit"" noisy and required some mechanical attention.  Within two minutes of our alerting the front desk, two nice fixit guys showed up, followed a minute later by the hotel's can-do, energetic, and witty trouble-shooter, named Akpome (aka Patricia).  Recognizing that the fixit guys would need some time to quiet the system, she immediately dedicated herself to finding THE quiet room for us.  To that end, she patiently escorted us to three alternate rooms…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mrs J Kemp,We stayed at The Waldorf in January if was the most amazing experience the staff where so helpful in particular Gill on the door welcoming us with a big smile And To Danielle on the reception desk what a polite young lady and very helpful. I will defiantly be visiting again everything was just perfect. Thank you for making our stay a special one.   Mrs J Kemp,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"My husband and I booked afternoon tea as we were having a day in London. Almost walked past The Waldorf as it is having work done so any exterior grandeur was lost. Staff were friendly and welcoming but something was missing from what I thought would be a lovely experience. The afternoon tea was the Sugar Plum Afternoon Tea, there was some theatrics with a pot of dry ice on the table which was exciting for the children on the adjacent table. Sandwiches and were good and we were offered more but my husband asked for coffee and with each subsequent cup there was less and less in the cup. My Earl Grey tea didn’t seem to have a lot of flavour. Cakes and scones were lovely and beautifully presented but for me there was just something lacking. I’m glad we hadn’t booked this for a…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"MICE  ""VIP 7""","Scary overnight stay at this ""5 star"" hotel arrived to rest after late business dinner and couldn't sleep with the noise of MICE. Turn on the bedside light and saw a mousse running around the room, I couldn't believe my eyes! Phoned down to reception and the man said it was ongoing problem because the building was over 110 years old. Went down to reception to get the new key and the man joked about the unpleasant incident and said floor 7 was the worse. From my conversation with the night porter, I understood the hotel staff even use 'code' VIP 7 to refer internally to the furry animals ruling this disgusting place.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another amazing stay,"Stayed on the Executive floor, for my husbands birthday. The Exec lounge is superb. Lovely afternoon tea, and complimentary drinks and canapes in evening. We also had Afternoon Tea in the Homage restaurant, on Friday. Beautiful. We bought a Groupon voucher, very reasonable, lots cheaper. Breakfast is lovely, sitting on balcony in Palm Court, is my favourite. Locality to restaurants and theatres is superb. Concierge guys are really friendly, most have been there for years. Good fun.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old hotel with great chic and great service,"I forgot what great location ! This time we enjoyed it more than ever. Covent Garden and Soho bring minutes away, with great restaurants. And coming back you have a great bar with a snails. Very recommended! It is 4 stars since the room was shabby",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,🙄🙄,"I booked through booking.com but no where after booking was told that a credit card would be needed for checking in for so called extras. Which we didn’t have with us. After a lengthy discussion with a quite surly lady on reception was told I needed to leave a £200 cash deposit, which I took exception to, after speaking to Jorge the manager he explained the policy which we agreed with in the end. On going back to reception the surly lady gave us our room keys and told us our room was 514 with no directions. On checking out the next morning the surly lady was on duty she gave me my money back in 3 £20 notes two £10 notes and the rest in £5 notes as I gave her it all in £20 notes. although another member of staff got me bigger notes, I was expecting the same notes back, she just…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Waldorf,"Absolutely gorgeous hotel . A grand old lady with such charm . A beautiful feel to it . On entering after a long day out, it feels like you are really home . The staff make you feel very welcome . Breakfast buffet is super.  The location is excellent, very close to Covent Garden and major attractions. Rooms and bathrooms are tastefully decorated .  Will definitely be back .",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The truly wonderful Waldorf London ,"Stayed in the Waldorf Hilton in January for 4 nights on a trip to London and it truly lived up to its esteemed status. Staff were incredibly pleasant and you were made to feel like nothing would be too much trouble. I stayed in the executive floor and the room was spacious, luxurious & really befitting of the price of this type of accommodation. Can’t wait until my next trip to the Waldorf Hilton. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,"very good location for a theatre break with a lot of theatres close to waldorf,the two venues we booked were just minutes away.The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful,good rooms,breakfast was also excellent would recomend a visit for the location.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay in a Construction Site,Please be aware the hotel is encased in plastic and scaffolding - we walked past twice looking for the magnificent building on the web site not the construction site entrance that you are presented with.  Its a shame the Hilton Group don't make customers aware of this fact before booking - completely ruined the surprise for my partner of walking up to the hotel.,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in great location,"From the moment we arrived until we left the staff were very friendly and welcoming, nothing was too much trouble.   I stayed with family we had an execuite room and junior suite and access to the executive lounge which was great, breakfast, afternoon tea, evening canapes and alcoholic drinks between 6 and 8:30pm.   My only feedback would be to change the tea bag supplier they were fresh tea bags wrapped in individual plastic covers which were difficult to open and unnecessary use of plastic and didnt make a nice cup of tea, the water in the machine wasnt hot enough to make a good cup of tea. Other than that everything at the hotel was great,  it's my second time at the hotel and I would definitely return!!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Another excellent afternoon tea at the Waldorf. We had a Groupon voucher for a classic afternoon tea with a glass of champagne. As the Sugar Plum Fairy tea was the theme we’re were able to have that but had the ‘amuse bouche’ and the final treat if macaroons excluded (not a problem and clearly explained to us).   Food was gorgeous and the service exemplary as usual (this is our 4th trip to have afternoon tea at the hotel over the last few years). Second helpings of the savoury goodies were encouraged (yum!) and very much enjoyed.  The sweet things were lovely too.   I’ve dropped one star for 2 reasons. 1: not enough clotted cream. Yes, you can ask for more, but a little bit more to start with would eliminate that need. 2: the harp player was replaced by someone playing the…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary celebration,"Had a one night stay at the Waldorf withy wife for our anniversary. Absolutely outstanding service from the moment we arrived. The head concierge would not be out of place in any top hotel in the world, could not have been more helpful. Suite was amazing and we both had an extremely restful nights sleep, followed by a superb breakfast buffet in the morning. Many thanks to all involved!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thanks to Martina and Liza ,"Our 1st stay in London and what a great start the Waldorf staff are friendly, welcoming and professional with a positive we can-do attitude. Special shout out to Martina, Liza, and Manfred at reception who went above and beyond to make us feel like home. Lautaro M ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I stayed here for a long weekend and couldn't have picked a better hotel, location was perfect. You are within easy walking distance of all the major attractions and if you want to hop on the tour buses, there is a stop almost outside.  The hotel was lovely, stayed with access to the executive lounge and this certainly added to the overall experience.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A sense of old luxury,"The location of the hotel itself is phenomenal, very much which is worth to visit within walking distance.You do not need public transportation at all.The hotel has an old-fashioned feel and atmosphere. The staff that works is great. Come and enjoy ...",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mouses running around everywhere,"The hotel is enfested infested with mouses and they're EVERYWHERE. The food quality is horrible and the service is worse than bad.  Safe to stay I don't recommend that hotel.  Video of a mouse running around in that hotel is available on google map, however feel free to msg me if you'd like me to email it to you.   Save yourself trouble and avoid that hotel! /////////////////////////////////////",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit,"Loved our stay  Everything great Lovely rooms,great pool,fab afternoon tea,great service Couldn’t fault our stay A few minutes walk to Covent Garden and lion king-so ideal for our plans Concierges very friendly-deserve a mention for great service ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A superb hotel.,The hotel is wonderful with a very friendly and helpful team. The staff really made the stay enjoyable and are a credit to the Hilton brand. We were also upgraded to Diamond members for our stay which was an unexpected surprise.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location ,"We recently stayed for one night at this hotel. We had booked a standard twin room but was upgraded to a deluxe twin on arrival without extra cost. The room was spacious with a large bathroom containing separate bathtub and shower cubicle. The room was very clean and comfortable. We found staff very welcome and helpful and could not have asked for more. We went ice skating at Somerset House, only 2 minute walk away and we also found that the hotel provided easy access to Covent Garden, where plenty of shops and restaurants are situated. We would definitely return again. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A gem in the heart of London,"The Waldorf is the perfect combination of superb location, attentive staff, comfortable rooms, and great food. Located within easy walking distance of all of London's major theatres, it is just one block from Covent Garden and one block from the Thames, but somehow calm and relaxing. But it is the staff that really sets this landmark apart, especially the warm and friendly bowler-hatted doormen who recognize frequent guests and make everyone feel special. After dozens of trips to London, we can honestly say there is no better place to stay. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"My husband booked this for 35th wedding anniversary as we have often walked passed it on previous trips.  There are two nice bars and a nice lobby, there is a swimming pool in the basement but it could do with some work as we thought it very old and worn looking although the Gym does look to be quite modern. The bedroom has be one of the smallest we have stayed in and the bed was no more than a large single.  There are tea and coffee making facilities but this was not replenished after use. My daughter had informed then of the reason for our visit but this was not acknowledged in any way.  The location is however very convenient for Covent Garden",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Real treat.,"Had a birthday present of tickets for my 11 year old grandaughter and myself to see '42nd St' with a night at the Waldorf.  The staff were lovely and treated her like a princess!  Apart from a slightly panicky moment when she found the mini bar as I was in the bath, it was a wonderful experience.  Perfectly placed for a stroll to the theatre.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely stay at the Waldorf Hilton,"My husband and I had a lovely overnight stay at the Waldorf on 27th December. The hotel's facade was being renovated so no view of the outside street but this was not a major problem. The staff was extremely professional, approachable and very friendly. Our room was very comfortable and cosy and when we asked for more toiletries, they were delivered on our doorstep very quickly and in abundance. The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate. We would definitely like to stay at the Waldorf again as its location is also perfect, on the edge of the theatre district, near Covent Garden and only a 20-minute walk from Piccadilly Circus (there are many bus routes nearby to choose from).",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,to note,"The Hotel is well situated and website is clear that it is being renovated externally.It is and the frosted room windows feel very enclosed and dull.Cleaning staff were very polite and welcoming.Reception is cluttered and not very welcoming at all.  The hotel is tired  and the rooms are totally underwhelming.  Main issues 1. Tired and generally average staff e.g. in exec lounge two waiters at breakfast stood talking with customers for over 15 mins about the( truly awful ) aussie fires and left tables , ours included , to get full of dirty plates etc--asked concierge for a cocktail bar recommendation and was sent to a bar closed for the night? Asked for a late check out and was told an hour max even though the room was not needed? Was told could not upgrade( we were happy to pay)…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WAS my favorite London hotel,"As some recent reviewers have noted, their favorite London hotel - The Waldorf - may need a staff refresh to go along with the facade restoration. This has also been my favorite London hotel. I love the Executive Lounge, though as a previous reviewer mentioned, it becomes very crowded at times with no seating space. I like the classic rooms and on this visit received a slight upgrade from queen to deluxe queen. So my issues? Came back to the hotel last night after a show and a late meal to find the front door locked with a sign to use my room key to unlock the front door. I tried but my room key did not work. After ringing the bell and then knocking, somebody came over to open the front door. I just don't think a locked and unattended front door befits a 4-star hotel. Walking…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,NYE visit,It was our fourth visit to The Waldorf so we were already fans of this hotel.  Our room was perfect. Spotlessly clean. Comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. So why such a low score this time?    As diamond members we gain access to the Executive Lounge and believe me The Waldorf’s lounge is one of the best you will find in the Hilton’s vast list of hotels. So we popped in after check in. Staff were super friendly and offered a glass Prosecco which was a nice touch.   After a walk into Covent Garden for a spot of shopping we returned to the hotel for a drink before getting ready to go out.   This time the Executive Lounge was packed. No where to sit and no where to stand.  We got a drink and were abruptly told “you can’t stand there” by one of the staff members so we moved.…,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Amazing Location,"I stayed here with my family over the Christmas holiday.  The location is the best in London (in my opinion).  It is walking distance to The Tube and a great part of town.  The doormen were outstanding - they made it a point to know the guests and went out of their way to engage every time we passed them.  The rooms are pretty small, however they use the space wisely.  Our rooms were VERY quiet which was great.  Finally, while the breakfast was basic...the breakfast room was a great setting and the perfect place to start the day.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service doesn’t meet the expectations.,Worst stay at a Hilton we have had. Upon arrival to valet the concierge told me to “unload the vehicle and tell me when you’re ready”. Then checking in I asked if breakfast was available and the desk man said yes but only for Diamond Members you are only a Gold member and we only recognize Diamond members at this hotel. This started the trip off poorly throughout the entire stay we never felt welcomed. This was our worst experience at a Hilton. I always make it a point to stay at Hilton Hotels and have always had a great experience until this past stay.  ,Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit off,I have mixed feelings on this stay ! While my room was lovely my travel companions were not quite as blessed. I was disappointed in the service as getting my room cleaned daily seemed to be challenging! The staff would not even bother to remove dirty coffee cups! There is no area to sit in the Lobby and the staff seems irritated most of the time! The Executive Lounge was marginal and the cheese each morning was tired and seemed to be sitting for a long time. Just not fresh! The evening snacks are good and open bar welcoming! So again the experience was up and down continually.  Doubt I will stay there again as I got tired of asking for everything that should have been right the first time. An attitude adjustment might help,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable tea dance in the Palm Court,"The Waldorf serves afternoon tea in more than one room in the hotel, this review is specifically about a very enjoyable Tea Dance my daughter and I attended that was held in  the Waldorf’s Palm Court on the 24th November 2019.  The Palm Court itself is a very elegant  venue that is well suited to this kind of event. There was a good- sized dance floor with  tables at the edge and on a small balcony area. Music was provided by a live band who clearly knew how to pick suitable pieces to play at the correct tempo to dance to. Although a full afternoon tea was served I got the impression that all the guests had primarily attended because they wanted to dance and were dressed accordingly- the majority of the men were in suits and the ladies were mostly in cocktail dresses with a…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"An excellent stay over the Christmas holiday. The hotels location in the Aldwich /  strand is perfect for the west end theatre's and Covent Garden. From check in to check out, the service was exemplary., all the staff from the doorman, house keeping, reception, and restuarant, were frindly and helpful.   Our rooms were beautifully prepared and extremely welcoming with the platter of delicious cakes etc. The additional touches over the holiday, such as Santa's stocking left outside our room on the door handle Christmas morning, the platter of mince pies and tangerines etc. made our stay really special. The breakfast was great, and afternoon tea in the executive lounge was very pleasant. Whilst the evening offerings in the executive lounge were great for anyone that drinks…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really luxurious,We stayed here for 1 night. From the moment we stepped foot inside we knew that we was not  your bog standard Hilton. The service at the hotel all around from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out was the best which have ever encountered. It's just a little things that made our stay absolutely perfect like having management bring up a dessert to our room complimentary also having exec lounge access which come as standard as we are diamond members. My only niggle was that the exec lounge was over crowded with many people arguing that they could not get a table. Thee quality of the food served at the restaurants was absolutely perfect. Also there was a great variety of food at breakfast ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,25th anniversary trip,"We have stayed many times but this visit was very poor, problems with booking, poor value for money, executive room very small and have stayed in better basic rooms. Hilton will need to improve things or they will loose out to other groups.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and great bathroom!,"Wonderful location for Covent Garden and theatres. Pleasant staff, very welcoming. Family room was quite spacious and comfortable, with plenty of storage and a large bathroom, with good toiletries. The running of the Executive Lounge needs a little attention, however, as it was often extremely busy and tables weren’t always cleared quickly, nor food replenished frequently enough. The staff worked hard, so perhaps there needed to be more members available at busy times. All in all, a very enjoyable stay in a well-located hotel, with so much history. We enjoyed it and are likely to return!",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing experience,"This hotel did not feel like a luxury hotel accommodation. Having stayed at other Waldorfs previously my expectations were high and this hotel in London fell flat. The hotel itself is very tired looking, stained carpet throughout hallways and in the room i stayed in. The staff were not welcoming, the gentleman that checked me in was very cold and I had no assistance taking luggage to room that included climbing a flight of stairs due to the elevator only going to the 7th floor. Overall I would not stay here again nor would I recommend it to anyone else.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,My family and I enjoyed our Christmas holiday “based” out of the Waldorf.  Our rooms were lovely - the room service delicious and the staff was outstanding! Especially- Daniel - who was charming - quick with a joke and never missed getting the door for us - even though we tried to beat him to the “open”.  We could not have pick a better location - it’s central to all London has to offer in the heart of the theater district and Covent Garden which is chalked full of incredible restaurants - pubs and plenty of shopping! ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First-Class London Experience,"The customer service at the Waldorf is unparalleled.  From the time of arrival to the time of departure, the staff is ready, willing, and able to assist, and always with a smile. We so look forward to returning to London and we will surely stay at the Waldorf.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre-Theatre Dinner,"We thought this would be a great place for our pre-theatre dinner, being right next to The Aldwych Theatre. How wrong we were! Whilst the hotel appears welcoming, beautifully decorated for Christmas. The staff are another matter entirely! At the entrance to the restaurant we were greeted by a sour faced waitress, who advised us we were 10 minutes early for our booking! Did we want to wait in the lobby or sit at our table and wait! We chose to sit at our table, after all it was only 10 minutes! She didn't appear impressed with our choice. We put her unwelcoming greeting down to having to work on Boxing Day, and hoped our dining experience would improve. It didn't! Our waiter was just as sour faced, and we ordered our meal in trepidation! May be the excellent food would make up…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sub Average for a Waldorf,"Most uncomfortable hotel beds and pillows, on par with a low budget hotel not a luxury brand. Service is ok. Small rooms. Compact lobby. Concierge is a great help. Executive lounge was nice for drinks. Overall, disappointing for a Waldorf. Would not stay again.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location,Mum and I stayed here over Xmas - initially there was a mix up with the room which was sorted out on the second attempt by the reception manager. The receptionist was adamant nothing could be done. It's just had a refurb and some of the bits and bobs were still rough round the edges. Personally I think there are better places in London to stay. Wouldn't be rushing back!,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas afternoon tea,Rather disappointing to be honest.  The service was slow and there was no atmosphere.  Not how we had expected it to be. The food was fine but I’ve had better!  Sorry but I was so looking forward to this and it didn’t live up to my expectations:(,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Exceeded expectations, met them and failed to meet them - all in one visit..this should be 4.5","A year and a bit ago, a group of us had birthday cocktails at the Hilton Waldorf.  Although the service was frosty, the drinks were excellent and the décor superb.  Eighteen months on, the experience was again mixed.  The room was not ready at around 2pm (check-in is 3pm) but luggage was willingly stored.  The Front Desk offered to send a text when the room was ready.  The text never came even though the phone number was checked.    Access to the Executive Lounge was offered whilst waiting as a consequence of my Hilton Honors Diamond card.  The Trainee on the Front Desk dealing with the arrival really should never have been left alone and although pleasant had no idea how to deal with a guest.  No information at all (breakfast times, Exec lounge times etc) was provided on the…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay during Xmas,"We just returned home from a very nice stay in The Waldorf in London. We checked in on the 24th and as soon as we entered the hotel we really felt that Xmas was there! The decoration was beautiful, service was friendly and great, food was perfect!! Rooms are good, location is great and we really loved every minute of our stay!! ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Great Service,Our stay here was exactly what we were looking for. The only downside is that some of the rooms are dark during the renovation of the facade as temporary frosted windows have been installed. We will stay here again when traveling to London.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay and centrally located,Our room was a nice size and very nice accommodations.  The beds were very comfortable and hotel was very close to so many things. A quick walk over to Covent Gardens and Transport museum.  Very close to a number of theaters and tube stops a quick walk.  Nicely decorated for Christmas . ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely afternoon tea,"We visited London for christmass holidays, and we made a reservation for afternoon tea at the Waldorf. The hotel seemed lovely and the ambiance was great. My wife loved it. But the Afternoon Tea was a fantastic experiance it clearly exceeded our expectations. From start to finish everything was perfect. We were celebrating my wifes birthday, and everyone went out of their way to make it even more special for us. I would love to thank Ioana and Jackson who took care of us and for being such professionals and super friendly. Definitely will visit again on our next trip to London, and i would highly recommend the experiance to anyone. Thank you.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memorable Stay,"Our family was visiting London for our son's convocation ceremony.  We chose the hotel as it was comparable to other hotels in price and I trust the Hilton brand. Having never stayed at the Waldorf in my many visits to Central London, decided to stay there.  It is also very close to many of the sights we want to visit, which we could do very easily walking everywhere (almost)!  We took away beautiful memories from this stay.  Thank you too the staff at Waldorf!",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely location and property ,"Great location for a light snack or drinks before a show - comfortable stylish surroundings, good quality food but rather slow service   Once all the scaffolding is done it will be back to its former beauty ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Fantastic Stay,"Guaranteed warm welcome on arrival. Surprise early check-in as a Hilton Honors Silver member with friendly reception staff.   Great room on 6th floor, very comfortable and spacious.   The doormen are professional and full of enthusiasm to provide outstanding service.   We will definitely be returning in the new year.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Rocks London,"I just returned from a two week visit in London. I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych in Covent Garden Central London. The location was amazing. The accommodations were perfect- the room, the care of the room and the CONCIERGE TEAM ... so welcoming and accommodating. The restaurant is Homage the food is fabulous as is the hotel bar, the Good Godfrey world class dining. The value was unbeatable. The staff is amazing so professional and warm and courteous. I’d stay there again in a New York Minute. ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic ,Had Christmas afternoon tea.  Service was fantastic.  All the staff were very pleasant and freindly and in the christmas spirit.  Jackson needs a particular mention as very helpful and cheerful and attentive.  The sandwiches cakes and scones were divine.  This place is well worth a visit.  To top it off the harpist was playing Christmas tunes a great start to the festive season.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,SoSo in Lobdin,"The location in the theater district and Covent Garden was great but the room was small, heater and bathroom issues, slow service in the bar. Could not find the temp control. Cold and wet outside and we could not get the towel heater to work at all. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wife's 40th birthday ,"I booked the hilton almost a year or so ago for my wife's 40th birthday as she has always wanted to stay here. Check in was from 3pm so we arrived at that time as we had a show booked and wanted to eat at covent garden. To our disappointment the hotel room was not ready so was asked if we would like to have a coffee and wait fifteen minutes for our room to then be ready. Almost an hour later our room was ready, now in my opinion this was very poor. Eventually we got into our room and I must say it was a fantastic room and as promised a cake was left for my wife as it was her 40th birthday. My wife decided to leave the cake as we wanted to get out as we where late getting into our room so after the meal and show would look forward to having it. When we returned to the hotel later…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Vacation,"This was my first trip to London, I came with my daughter.  The Hotel was amazing, the staff were all very helpful.  We especially were impressed with 2 of the doormen (I hope that is the correct title) Francisco and Stuart.  They were both very pleasant when we came in or out, always asking if we needed anything when leaving and when returning to ask about our day and very quick to ask if they could help with any of our packages.  They were just very pleasant every time we came in or out.  It was very appreciated.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding location but lots of traffic,"This is a gorgeous hotel with amazing decor and ambiance. The rooms are good size. The lounge was nice and clean. Food was ok. I loved this hotel with the exception of the traffic to get to and from it. It's in a great spot for walking to Covent Gardens, but if you're going to Buckingham Palace you will have to take a taxi or Uber and plan ahead.  The doormen were extremely helpful.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,Having paid in excess of £500 for a double room for two nights without breakfast the whole experience was one of disappointment. Small room with noisy air conditioning which had to be turned off if we were to have any sleep which meant the room became very cold. The main problem being only Luke warm water in the bathroom so unable to have a bath. Mentioned this to reception twice but not resolved and when we checked out receptionist didn’t have a record of the complaint. On a positive note the concierge team were excellent.,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sugar plum fairy afternoon tea.,"My daughter treated me to the afternoon tea. We were really welcomed. The staff were very attentive and friendly. The food was well presented and delicious. We were asked if their were any dietary issues, in our case none. We were both happy and enjoyed our afternoon.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful Service,I needed valet parking so I emailed the hotel asking if  it was available as it was a condition of booking. They confirmed it was 4 days prior to my arrival. Upon arrival I was told it wasn’t available.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,SUGAR PLUM FAIRY afternoon tea,"After seeing some of the pictures on social media, I decided to make a booking and try this ""new"" afternoon tea. It turned out to be a big dissapoitment. This hotel seems to have paid a good photographer to enhance their offer and make everything look beautiful but in fact the real thing is totally different.  The famous dancer biscuit was missing from the stand and the musical piano with the ""dancing doll"" was not provided that made my daughter cry and me felt like a victim of a marketing scam. The attention to detail was very poor, teaspoon missing from the table, chipped cup, mismatch of crockery, no tongs so one had to take the sugar lump with the bare hand not what you would expect from an establishment like the Waldorf. The waiter in moustache also did not pay attention to…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, helpful team, not great value, atmosphere lacking","External decs going on not warned about, no noise but detracted from experience. Room was ok but very expensive for what it was. No atmosphere really, very little in way of Christmas decorations, team very helpful",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afernoon tea dance,"Enjoyable afternoon tea with dance, however, each pot of tea was luke warm, a spoon for the sugar - should really be tongs. Service was very average for the high price you were paying.  It could be a lot more slick and organised. The band announcer could not be heard as it was completely muffled when he spoke.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,MOSTLY VERY GOOD,service is good; room is nice; great bar. TV and Wifi fine. Perfect location. Always some small things which they always fix but it does imply they don't check - shower didn't work and cold water in sinks was hot..... they fix it......,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea Dance in the Palm Court,"I'm really sad to be disappointed in a hotel which does not deserve 5 stars. We were off to a bad start when the first pot of team was lukewarm and therefore undrinkable. Little things - no spoons in the jam and cream pots, no tongs in the sugar cube bowl, only a spoon. Worst of all, no staff! My friend had to wait over 15 minutes and remind the waitress she wanted a glass of water. There was only enough cream and jam for 2 people instead of 3, and as there were no staff on the floor (too busy chatting in the back) my sister went to ask for some. This is shocking service for an expensive tea! There should be someone stationed to serve 4 tables at all times. No staff at all on the floor after 4 p.m. so no-one could get a refill. Neither were any tables cleared, in the end we put…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't expect luxury,"We picked this hotel as a treat for ourselves, waldorf I thought would be a little bit of luxury. I was wrong, on arriving the outside is covered in scaffolding and boarding very ugly, looks like a building site, door men were polite and friendly though, smart in their top hats and bowler hats. The location  is good, very close to Covent garden. Check in Ok, but our room was so small at the back of the building looking at a brick wall. The room was boiling hot we had to have air con on! The bar area is small and we couldn't get a seat. Next morning no water in the bathroom for about 2 hours, and a 20 minute wait in a que for breakfast, coffees were cold as were the plates, food lukewarm, back to the room and the water was on. Out for the day returning about 4pm, room hadn't been…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very underwhelming,"We initially walked past the entrance as it wasn’t that obvious, the bellmen were busy chatting amongst themselves. The receptionist wasn’t at all friendly and gave no hotel information when we checked in, it would have been nice to be told where the lift, breakfast was etc.  Although the room was nicely furnished there was an ironing board propped up in the corner and the soft furnishings were stained and  was also loose cables hanging down from the tv, more reminiscent of a cheap three star than a premier hotel within the Hilton brand. The staff at breakfast were attentive, helpful and friendly something the concierge and reception weren’t. Very dissatisfied.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nutcracker Afternoon Tea,"I have had many afternoon teas but this one superseded all of them. The attention to detail was really impressive, delicious food, perfect service and such theatre with the whole experience. I loved the mini piano that the macarons were served on at the end Bravo Hilton!!!  Beautiful hotel and we had a fabulous afternoon  Thankyou to all the staff but a very special Thankyou to Lucia for her time on the day we visited.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor service and rooms,On arrival concierge too busy chatting up young girls. Room was small no explanation how tv etc worked however tv not working so called reception after FOUR calls to reception someone was sent who took away remote returning 20 mins later he arrived with a new remote all this took 1 hour so no time to relax before going to theatre. Ordered room service but only club sandwich available! Main bar was closed so only a tiny bar with queues everywhere. Only bonus was so close to theatre,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage premium club,As stated by a previous reviewer. Steer clear at all costs! I had been a member for the year before but hadn’t taken advantage of the membership and was talked into taking it out again by Harley who was charming. He kindly extended the old membership so I could take advantage of it before the year end. Harley turns into someone rude and condescending when you try to book. I asked if there was a discounted price for members on the suites. I was told that the suites were very expensive. I didn’t ask that!!! If I was worried about the price I would have asked the price not whether I get any privileges was a member which is what I actually asked. I then mentioned I wanted to bring my wife and two children and was promptly told my membership was for two people only - my children are…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location - Bad Hotel,"From the moment you attempt to check in this is a difficult hotel to like. It took me around an hour to complete the check in process, primarily because the Hotel was giving all its attention to one family which appeared to have issues, no real queue process so people were just pushing in and the sheer time to get through customers was awful. There was nothing wrong with the room as we had upgraded to a suite for a special occasion, but imagine my dismay when going for a shower for two mornings and evenings in a row and finding that the building had no hot water a basic of any hotel. Breakfast was also a chaotic scene almost seeming like they are unprepared, not enough tables with us having to wait 30 minutes on the Saturday morning. We complained about the service and were told…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dusty room & a 30 min queue for breakfast Not good !,We arrived Sunday we had to wait upon arrived at 3pm our room still wasn't available.  Once in the room we had a terrible view of building products on a roof. The glass shelf above the mini bar was covered in dust and the tissue holder in the bathroom was empty. NOT terrible things but not what you expect for a upper market hotel like the Waldorf.  Monday morning we went down for breakfast at 0905 hrs we had to queue in the corridor for over 25 mins waiting for a table behind many more people and people behind us .. IT JUST NOT GOOD ENOUGH I expect this of a 2-3 star hotel .... needless to say I wont be returning,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I liked it ,"I found the location to be perfect for walking in all directions. Some of the walks, such as to King’s Cross, are longer but I handled them.  The people were super nice. The breakfast was very good and that’s very helpful. The room was nice, maybe a little high.  And my windows were painted so I had no idea what the weather does. But it’s a really nice place to stay.  ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Windows painted over.,The hotel is under construction so they painted the glass windows  So you cant see out.  I guess it’s because the workers could see in.   But the hotel should be closed to they complete the construction. It’s like sleeping in the basement,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,restaurant,"ordered a breakfast in the non residents bar , what a disaster ,it was stone cold ,sent it back and received another one , this was only lukewarm , as we had not eaten since the evening before we ate what was warm . would never go back again !!!!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Return visit , lovely place to stay.","I confess this is our preferred stay in London. We booked Junior Suite with Lounge access. The room was a good size,clean and comfortable. We ate in the Hotel restaurant on the first evening. Not a cheap meal by any means but very well cooked and presented. Without exception we found the staff to be helpful and friendly through out. We did have free wi-fi, i understand its not available to all guests. in this day and age thats probably outdated. We are likely to visit again it would be churlish to complain regarding any aspect of our stay.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Save yourself the money and stay elsewhere.,Unfortunately this isnt good feedback. I expected the Waldorf to have higher standards than the service we received here.  There is a huge lack of communication with the staff here.  Our last day here went as followed:  1. We requested on 3 different occasions today December 2nd 2019 for our room to be cleaned.  It was never cleaned. Totally unacceptable for the Waldorf.   2. We were in our room this morning and roughly around 1030am an extremely loud alarm went off and a red light was flashing. It alarmed my wife and she was trying to rest because she was feeling Ill...  I opened the door and the housekeeper said sorry it was just a test. we would have appreciated being informed of this test instead of being alarmed/startled.   3. We went to the front desk to arrange breakfast…,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as expected,Was bought a 2 course dinner with another couple through a wowcher offer. On arriving found the staff polite and friendly inviting as we didn’t know where to go. We was eventually shown into a separate dining area that was solely for this deal. So felt isolated from the rest of diners so to be honest you could have been anywhere! The tables was outside plastic round tables covered with a cloth that showed through the writing. We was all served by a single waiter who was professional and polite. The food was tasty but the wait for each course was terrible and very unacceptable long. Would not book again and being separate from other diners and in an area that had been put together for this voucher deal was not appealing.,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rest stay,"Had a great stay at the Waldorf, the staff were so friendly and helpful, very cherry and welcoming. The hotel is undergoing external upgrading but it’s the inside that matters. The beds are so comfortable, large clean rooms, great bathroom, fantastic shower, the Wifi is not free or I couldn’t find free wifi anyway unless you’re a Hilton Honours member. The breakfast was amazing, plenty of it and perfectly cooked, great selection of breads, pastries, muffins, omelettes and cereals. The bar is reasonably priced for a hotel of this stature in this area of London. The location is perfect, near Leicester Square, So-Ho, China Town, Piccadilly Circus and all the Theatres, Shops and Casinos you could shake a stick at. But as with anywhere in London you are only a quick underground ride…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Initial impression totally wrong,"After an unwelcoming check in experience, (the gentleman who checked us in hardly spoke to us and made very little eye contact, & told us nothing about breakfast) We didn’t have high hopes for the stay..... how wrong could we be. The room was beautiful and absolutely spotless.   The breakfast was delicious, hot and plenty of choice. Whilst there was a slight delay getting seated we were kept informed and there was coffee and pastries served.   All the staff we encountered after the check in were lovely and made us feel welcome and that nothing was too much trouble for them.   Thank you   ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,4 1/2 stars; almost 5,"The Waldorf is undergoing a massive renovatoin of it's exterior so entrance into the lobby can be difficult though there's usually a doorman to assist. That's the only reason for my less than 5 star rating. The location, just off the Strand, a couple of blocks from Covent Garden and close to several theaters is excellent. The rooms are luxurious. The restaurants are very good and it serves an excellent High Tea in it's Palm Garden, which was modeled after the Plaza hotel In New York and was London's first such room for tea dances. It's a very nice place to stay",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Does not live up to its name... ,"This hotel was terrible and what a waste of my free Hilton night... Fellow Hilton cardholders, do you ever wonder why we get the worst rooms for our award night... Why are we punished for our loyalty and annual fee???  I digress... Back to the hotel review...  1) We arrived early and the front desk made it seem like our room would be ready shortly and suggested we wait in the executive lounge... Apparently, she would have let us wait there for more than 3 hours... We got fed up after an hour+ and decided to leave and try to not waste anymore of our day.....  2) The room was tiny and the bedding was torn and in terrible condition.  3) the bathroom shower was ridiculous! The shower head was so low and cramp... I am 5'2 and not a large person and I felt cramped and uncomfortable in…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent winter break,"Spent two nights here in November. Its a great hotel in a superb location. London Eye and Westminster are a short walk along the river from the hotel. Covert Garden is 5 minute walk away. Staff were excellent. Received an upgrade to use the executive lounge which was a huge bonus and very welcome. The lounge on the most part is very good and added to our enjoyment of our stay. It is however a small space and can be full at peak times such as 6pm - 6.30pm when its open for the evening, or breakfast time around 10am.  A minor issue was the coffee machine in the executive lounge proved to be difficult to master and was a regular source of frustration for me and other guests. It seems strange to say but it was hard to make a cup of coffee. Overall the hotel is very well maintained.…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best enjoyed if you’re rich or you have Diamond status...,"The Waldorf is awesome.  Seriously awesome. It’s also really, really expensive, and if you’re not in one of the nicer rooms, it can be a little small for the price, IMO.  I always stay using points, and with my Diamond status, I have access to their delightful concierge lounge.  It’s wonderful.  The lounge provides breakfast, afternoon tea and snacks and drinks.  When we stay there, we spend very little on restaurants because the food provided is so substantial.  However, instead of having the breakfast in the lounge, you can have a complimentary breakfast in the restaurant, which is so, so worth it.  The selection is eye-popping.  The location is amazing if you’re into theater.  For at least one, it’s faster to head back to your room rather than wait in line at the theater to…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Had a 2 night stay over the weekend at a cost of £600. Our room was very small even though it was advertised as a queen size! The bed was only had 1 bedside cabinet as the wall came out on the other side. There was a very oversized chair at the end of the bed that you couldn’t walk passed it to get in the bed. The bed didn’t even have the usual throw and cushions, very basic. No soap to was hands! Had to asked for some. Also there was sugar and a small chain around the edge of the glass insert in the writing desk. Surely this should have been cleaned before the next occupant. On the Sunday morning housekeeping rang the bell and knocked on the door at 8.40, surely they should have a better system to know when guests have vacated the room.  The breakfast was ok but the dining room…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Centrally Located Hotel With Historic Aristocratic Charm,"London has many hotels to choose from, but this hotel is both in a fantastic location, and brings to life an old, historic and aristocratic London that in many ways does not exist in the world anymore.  The doormen are dressed in 3 piece suits with tails, the ballroom and breakfast area date back to 1908 when the hotel opened, and the staff all enjoy this rustic old world style and charm.  Being a Hilton Diamond member, I was given a complimentary upgrade to the next class of room (though I did have to ask multiple times and unfortunately no suites were available).  But given the area (which is next to everything), and the experience, I would definitely come back to this hotel in the future.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic weekend, worth every penny.","Just got back from a weekend in London. We stayed here as a special treat. Booked in for afternoon tea and then when back to the restaurant for dinner that night. The food was amazing the service exceptional and the atmosphere brilliant. This hotel did not disappoint, would highly recommend.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Have visited for the last few years and although there has been problems they have been put right. On this occasion we found the hotel extremely tired and dated. The carpet on the stairs from 2nd floor to reception is threadbare and quite frankly not becoming of a 4* hotel. Breakfast is basic and not very exciting and this morning our dirty pots not cleared from our table from cereal dishes then omelet plates old coffee cups. The only staff member who smiled or even spoke to us ways Douglas the doorman! What a star he is as for the rest???? Miserable to say the least think that will be the last time.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not What I Expected,"Visited this hotel as part of a theatre show weekend package. Was very excited to be staying at the Waldorf in London. Sadly the expectation exceeded the reality. The people were very nice and helpful but the hotel is tired, rooms are small and not very modern and breakfast was rubbish, considering the class of hotel. Luxury hotel it was not....",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't do it,"I was traveling on business and I am a Hilton Diamond member. I was traveling for business so didn't need an upgrade. I did ask, but was told that for the duration of my stay (6 nights) no suites were available. Interestingly, a co-worker coming in the next day without status DID get an upgrade. Regardless, I did not lower the score because of this.  My first room (yes, first) was more than fine. Large king bed room, very nice view. Enjoyed that room for two nights. On the second night, however, I did call down to the front desk at 3 AM to complain about someone next to or above me running a bath for a few hours. Apparently no one investigated. I left later that morning for meetings.  Returned at about 10 PM. My floor (6th) was roped off - apparently there was flooding. I went…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely place to stay,"Popped in for some drinks at the bar, we've been warmly welcomed from the staff, especially Massimiliano. Bar was busy, but service was quick and excellent and drinks very tasty. A good spot before theatre, a good spot after with a really nice atmosphere.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Located bang smack in the middle of Covent Garden, everything you need is just around the corner. We stayed in the Executive suite with access to the lounge which was really nice albeit a bit crowded. The second morning we had our breakfast in the restaurant which was better. The staff was really friendly and helpful without being intrusive. Will defenitelt come back again, even though the view at Shangri-La in the Shard is a major pull when choosing hotel in London.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never again,"After visiting the Waldorf Astoria in Amsterdam, I was hoping for good things however. The Waldorf Hilton bears no comparison.  On arrival, my booking had apparently been cancelled by booking.com The receptionist at the Waldorf was attempting to rebook (very slowly, we were on a tight schedule and due at another appointment elsewhere),  however she was squinting at the paperwork and then whittering she would try to do it as soon as she could. (Stop talking and get on with it and put glasses on, the squinting was irritating to say the least).  I contacted booking.com who said the booking was cancelled and not rebooked by The Waldorf, but the receptionist wouldn't look into it any further. I had booked King suites but ended up with a superior cob web ridden double room (beds were…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Anniversary,"Food was tasty and good portions. Travis was absolutely amazing, very very professional and lovey guy overall. Great place to enjoy a special romantic evening dinner. Easy access from Embankment Station. Lots of bars near by for a pre drink. But the Customer Service truly tops it from Travis xx",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quick away day,"Visited the hotel for a quiet break away from the kids. The hotel facade is behind scaffolding but tbh it isn't a problem as I know what it looks like...there's plenty of photos dotted around! Valet parking is good value...for London. The staff are outstanding. We had an upgraded room which was as good as anything I've ever had. Comfy bed, great bathroom,good facilities, fast Wi-Fi included.  Not the cheapest getaway, but well worth it for a little treat before Christmas.   Great location near Covent Garden and handy for all of the usual attractions.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"What an amazing afternoon at the Waldorf.  Free flowing Champagne was exactly as it stated.  Our glasses were never empty.  My vegan option was fantastic and I certainly didn’t feel left out.  The staff could not have been more attentive and even bought Mum a cake and the whole room sang happy Birthday.  The harpist was absolutely brilliant.  Our waitress Chardae was such a good representation of your hotel and was efficient, professional and very attentive to us.  We will certainly be back. Thanks!!",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A few problems but ok, good location",Arrived after a long day/flight. Check in took a while as guests had problems. I went to the room which was really small and had a whited out window. Hung all my stuff then walked into the bathroom in my socks and realised it a bit flooded. Thought the shower was leaking but then worked out it was coming from the ceiling. Changed socks unhung my clothes and went back to reception! To their credit they upgraded me to a better room. No major issues with the new room but had the same window with no view.  Front of house people were great. The hotel is in a great location for West End. It does feel like a slightly tired hotel.,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel great location ,"From the welcoming doorman to the reception staff you really do feel cared for from the moment you arrive.  I arrived early and a room was found for me.  The room itself was well appointed and was exceptionally clean.  The bed was very comfortable, the wifi was both stable and quick and the bathroom was spotless too.  I had a problem with the shower on the second day which meant I had no hot water & very disappointing but the way the reception staff dealt with it was outstanding.  Breakfast was lovely and a decent latte too.  All in all a really good experience and I may well have found my new London base.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend the hotel,"Check in clerk was rude - no respect for customers let alone Diamond members. Hotel had no water for 1 out of 2 days I was there. Desk called at 7 am and said water would be restored in 15 min. Didn’t get resolved till 6pm! Should get a refund for that day ‘cause I had to take my bag to my office to shower and freshen up. Never received an apology or a note from the GM. Creaky floors, tiny shower with inclined roof so tall people will have a tough time. ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Does not live up to Waldorf name, but lacklustre Hilton one.","Arrived at 5 or 6 am. No water till 4 pm because a pipe burst. Dealt with several receptionists over the course of two days. Some were nice, some were absolutely not interested in service. Guests all told to shower in gym. Double charged for drinks at bar. Check-in and check-out took forever - something I also noticed in Hilton Dubai when long lines formed and guests complained. It must be the Hilton system. Was told by a receptionist at the Waldorf Hilton that other guests have complained, so clearly they don't take customers' concerns seriously. Photo online is absolutely misleading. It is a shabby hotel. Avoid. The only bright light was the room service personnel. They always got my order right.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,I love this hotel for its location we got a good price on last minute.com secret hotel. The hotel itself looks like it needs a make over but the room was lovely & clean. Didn’t have breakfast or food in the hotel as the location is so good it’s better going out & about I feel. I would definitely re visit this hotel but the original price I feel is quite expensive for what you do get but I guess you pay for the location,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, amazing services, excellent food","Beautiful hotel, with excellent staffs. Great services were provided during check-in, check-out and during my stay. Excellent breakfast in the restaurant, love their mini pastries. Location can't be better. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the Waldorf You Think!!,"First off, this hotel was under construction. Ok, fine. But when you are visiting and have jet lag, you don't want to hear all that drilling while sleeping in. Not a big deal. Not sure what a standard room was like as we got ""upgraded"". The rooms itself are pretty small, upgrade or not, but it was fine. I think the hot water stops at a certain time because when I tried to take a shower at night, there was only lukewarm water. Not a big deal as this seemed to happen only once. What was a big deal is that there is HORRIBLE customer service especially at the front desk. The front entrance area is very narrow and I stepped off to the side waiting for someone to finish up what they were doing, even though there were four people with nobody checking in or out. A man walks in from…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay as always,"my 9th stay during WTM, great team, clean and modern rooms, young and energetic team at Reception and breakfast, thanks to Rahim and Guest Relation Manager for sorting out minor issues during my stay, they handled them very professional, excellent and knowledgeable Concierge team, all doormen are very interactive and make you smile with their funny comments, thank you Waldorf Team!  ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I'll call it a 3.5...,"Second time at this property.  Pros: Rooms are nice and quiet, restaurant (and service in the restaurant at Breakfast) is excellent, and location is amazing.   Cons are that the front desk staff seemed overwhelmed and, more importantly, were very disorganized. My wife and small daughter arrived at 14:15 and were told they couldn't check in until 15:00. Ok, that's policy, no biggie, but was surprised the room wasn't ready.  My wife (also a HH Gold) asked if there were other rooms available, and there weren't. No upgrade offered (again, no biggie, that doesn't happen that often).  My wife confirmed that breakfast was included, etc. On returning the hotel, my wife had to go to the front desk three times - keys didn't work in the elevator first time, then 2x they didnt' work in the…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Warm and Welcoming At the Waldorf,"On recent business/leisure combined trips to London, we stayed at the Waldorf Astoria. On both occasions (July 2019 and Oct 2019), we had the pleasure of working with Savvas at the hotel’s Concierge desk. Savvas was so kind and helpful with obtaining last minute theatre tickets and dinner reservations. His warm and welcoming presence, as with so many other employees of this particular Hilton Hotel, make visiting London one of my favorite places to visit!  ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A 94 year old's dream,"This weekend I took my family to see the Mouse Trap. I've stayed at The Waldorf a few times in the past and thought my Nan who is 94 and has never stayed in a hotel would love the hotel. I was right, she absolutely loved it and all of the staff who were all very polite and friendly. It was nice to see her taking photos with the doormen with a large smile on her face.  Being 94 comes with its difficulties, so I was concerned with how she would get on in a room with a shower over the bath. I, therefore, emailed the hotel a week or so before our visit requesting an walk-in shower. The hotel was more than obliging and allocated a prefect room on the 1st floor.  All the staff before and during our stay were fantastic. I couldn't recommend this hotel enough for the property and its…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great experience at the Waldorf,"This hotel has a wonderful location just round the corner from Covent Garden. Extremely helpful and efficient staff. I can always count on the concierge for help with restaurants, show tickets, travel arrangements- really anything I need. The front desk is very friendly and efficient and the porters and doormen likewise. Good quality restaurant and a bar where you can get top-notch cocktails! I will return!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed 3 nights here - location couldn't have been better, just 3 mins walk from Covent garden and surrounded by theatres.  Mama Mia showing in theatre that was actually part of same building. Easy to get across to the Southbank and National Theatre only 10/15 mins walk away .  Room was very comfortable though couldn't get the hang of any heating ( should have asked ).  Large gym in basement ( for those inclined) which was v.well used by locals . I just used the indoor pool which was usually quiet and a temperature that allowed you to walk in with no shock value. Breakfast was excellent and meant no lunch was required",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"While the facade may have been undergoing renovation, the rest of the hotel was,overly.  Service was excellent and the staff always responded very quickly on the couple of occasions when we had requests.  Room was lovely and the bed very comfortable.  Would definitely stay at the London Waldorf again!",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay ,My girlfriend and I were in London for a few nights and chose this hotel. We were met at the door by cheerful staff and from this point onwards everything was excellent. The hotel smells wonderful and everything is in excellent condition. Our room was very comfortable and clean and lovely and quiet. I had worried that it would be noisy as it very central however I never heard a thing.  The location is fantastic for attending shows and exploring Covent Garden. Breakfast and all hotel facilities are very good with plenty of trained staff to assist if required.  For anyone visiting this part of London I would suggest that this hotel would be hard to beat. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We probably were a bit unlucky since there are lots of building works going on. On entering the hotel one has to climb a flight of stairs to get to the lobby, very difficult for people with leg problems. The doormen aren't that quick in assisting with suitcases and seem a bit overfamiliar, we actually witnessed one doorman starting an argument with our taxi driver for no good reasons. The executive lounge isn't worth the breakfast, their standard breakfast is much better and also the coffee is much better downstairs. The sofa beds are super uncomfortable and certainly not good enough to sleep 2 adults or older kids, more suitable for smaller kids. The aircon has to be switched off at night otherwise there isn't a chance of sleep due to the mind blowing noise. We loved walking…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Look elsewhere,"I thought surely this would be an awesome stay seeing as the Woldorf is a very prestigious name. I have stayed at Woldorfs before and this was an atrocity. We were traveling with a 14 month old, so before arriving, I called to request a baby ""cot"". The woman I spoke with sounded very aloof so I called again a day later to confirm a cot as well as a bathtub. When we arrived there was no cot and no tub. I called down to the front and was re-issued a key to a new room. 20 mins later... Checked into the new room, used the restroom sink only to find a eye contact and coverup all over the sink. Gross. Then, what was really strange is the random birthday cake in the room.  Called down again to complain that the room was clearly dirty and wasn't even sure what to think about the…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant entrance masked behind scaffolding,"It's many years since I was invited to lunch by someone to the Waldorf.  This time it was to stay.  My birthday treat to my wife was to see Mama Mia at the Novello Theatre next door.   Our room 122 was Hilton's Queen standard.  It was L-shaped and with the bathroom, effectively making U-shaped  accommodation.  It was not particularly spacious on ground plan but quite adequate with a high ceiling.  The bathroom was in a black and white décor that looked a bit dated but may have been for a retro effect.  It had a shower over bath although were unable to use either because of our lack of mobility.  One of the cupboards revealed a tea/coffee making apparatus and another an iron and ironing  board.  The window, covered by a heavy velour curtain, looked out on inner area and fire…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice place to stay in London,"I just spent a couple of days in London on a business trip and stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in Covent Gardens. I really liked the hotel, despite the scaffolding that surrounds the hotel and obscures any window views. However, the staff were great and very helpful—including arranging for me to get a laptop charger after I managed to forget mine at home.   The location was great—walking distance to many restaurants and shops, the Tube, etc. I arrived at the hotel from Heathrow Airport by taking the express train to Paddington Station and then via taxi to the hotel. Worked out great!   Room was comfortable and clean and very quiet.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good all round hotel","Stayed 1 night and experienced a good time. Room was good, clean, and available upon check in. Internal bar ( Godfreys) is not that great though with very slow service and poor choice of drinks so recommend using the bar next door! Door staff are very pleasant and overall good, although could improve",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good service but lack of natural light,"Great service and comfortable room. Coffee and biscuits are refreshed throughout your stay and bathroom and shower is really nice. Bed is comfortable. Feels very upscale. Only downside is the basic room, at least the room I am in, doesn’t have a real window. The window opens but it opens to an indoor area. This is a huge downside for jet lag as there’s no natural light in the room and it can feel a bit suffocating. If I were to stay again I’d upgrade to a nicer room that would have a window that shows outside.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful stay,  minor tweaks needed","My wife and I stayed midweek on a 80k points rewards stay for a standard room with my friend and his partner having also booked a 80k points room without status. This was our second visit and have stayed at various London Hiltons, including Conrad and Doubletree Hotels.  Firstly let me say that location is perfect for many parts of London, especially if you are taking in a show or visiting Covent Garden. Also, it is just the other side of Waterloo Bridge so a 10 - 15 minute walk from Waterloo station. I would not recommend getting a taxi from the black cab rank at the station as the first £7 of our fare was travelling a few hundred metres stuck in traffic getting onto Waterloo Bridge approach. In future, if the weather was poor as it was for us, I would walk to the front of the…",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent London location,"Excellent location in the West End Theater District. Close to fabulous restaurants, Covenant Garden, Trafalgar Square, Westminster, Thames and South Bank. Beautiful iconic hotel with great amenities. Douglas the front doorman was tremendously welcoming. ",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Okay, but othersnin tge Hilton chain are better in London","I have stayed here a coupke of times on business. Other Hilton chain hotepsbI use are Hilton Bankside, DoubleTree Tower, and Conrad Westminster.  Although the location of the Waldorf is good I find the service not as good asnthe other hotels.  For example, last week when I checked ibto my room there was no TV remote. I politely called reception and askrd if one could be dropped off. I was told one woukd be brought straight up, but nearly an hour later there was still no sign, so had to ask again in person when heading out for dinner.  I found the experience phonibg the hotel a poor experience also. I absent mindedly left a shirt and casual jacket in my room's wardrobe when I checked out. I called the same evening to see if they had been found by housekeeping. It took three…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommend ,"Just the best , very classic and fashionable hotel! My special thanks for Lucia ,Helena ,Jackson and Daniela from the front desk and all . Made my trip very special and I just feel like want come back soon again. Cheers for the all team members!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay ... fabulous staff ...,Stayed here for my daughters birthday .... lovely room with birthday cake awaiting her on our arrival ... very special. Staff were superb .. Roger on arrival made us feel very welcome as did Douglas doorman and breakfast team .. Visited The Parrot Bar to try out some cocktails ... great atmosphere ... thankyou to the Waldorf Hilton Team will visit again and certainly recommend,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Attending a wedding,"Our stay was amazing, a huge thank you to all the staff especially the receptionist and supervisor who was on duty Saturday afternoon (20th October) you are a credit to the hotel. Our breakfast was really good (loved the omelette station) I would stay here again in a heart beat 😊",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location - a bit quirky,"Stayed here for a week to celebrate my wife's birthday.  We planned a fair amount of site-seeing and other touristy-type day jaunts, so we wanted something close to the tube, and centrally located within London.  Since this was a birthday celebration, I was okay with the slightly higher room rates than one could find elsewhere in the same area.  The room was nice, the service mostly excellent, and the location was perfect - loved being right next to Covent Garden.  We selected a King Executive room in order to partake of the included breakfast.  This being an older hotel, our room had its quirks.  The first of which was the entrance foyer to the room was on a different level than both the bathroom and the bedroom area, necessitating steps when gong back and forth to the…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Feel that it could have been a bit better,"We have stayed in a lot of London hotels and this one, as a Waldorf, is certainly at the upper end of the scale (however we have stayed at the Waldorf brand quite recently in Las Vegas). We chose to use points as it was a special birthday weekend celebration. I phoned in advance to advise the hotel of this and pay for an upgraded room with access to the Executive lounge (we are both Gold card holders). The lady was very helpful and very kindly advised that she would have a small birthday cake put in the room which I thought was very nice indeed. Sadly it didn't appear and this lack attention to detail was a bit of a disappointment! The room was a good size for central London but really not that big, I have had bigger. Now we knew that the frontage was undergoing renovation, it…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Drinks at the Bar near the entrance,"This is a review of the bar near the entrance and nothing else , we have stayed in this hotel in the past and enjoyed it and thats how we know about the bar .  Anyway we where waiting for a show and thought we would pop in for a drink.  Service was friendly however the Bloody Mary I had was appaling and I could not drink it, It think it had been pre made .  The young lady serving us delt with it really well but really in a place like this are you pre making some of your drinks and then not checking there OK before serving them.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel ,"We stayed here recently for a weekend to go to the theatre,hotel is a beautiful building the only thing we found disappointing was the size of the rooms and beds they were quite small, lovely decor though,all staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful, Breakfast was excellent, Enjoyed cocktails before going out we have stayed here before and will be back",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"We stayed 8 nights as part of a group focused on enjoying London theatre. The location was great.  We walked everywhere.  We had done this last year as well and were not disappointed. The staff were kind, friendly, and so willing to help us.  The breakfast buffet had so many options.  Our room faced inward and was quiet.  Very roomy. Hot pot to make tea or coffee.  Biscuits daily. Complimentary wifi worked well.  ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location - great breakfast,It is a wonderful old hotel located very close to Covent Garden and the theaters. The service at the hotel was overall very helpful. The breakfast is served in a very nice room.  The gym facilities look outstanding. Please note that under 18s are not allowed to use these facilities. This could have been better communicated by the hotel on its website.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,The greatest asset of this Hilton property is the location.  It is near everything...hop on-hop off bus tour...restaurants...pubs...theatres...general entertainment...the underground.  A drawback is the current exterior construction/ renovation with scaffolding along the front.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Property and staff,We booked the hotel because of its location and the previous reviews and were not disappointed. One thing for guests to note through the end of 2019 is that the hotel is undergoing renovations. It is over 100 years old and the renovations will return it to a true 5 star property. The renovations no way impact the day to day running or experience and the quality of the staff more than compensates. Your experience will begin with a greeting from the doormen (special shout out to Radek who went above and beyond for us) and continue through support from the desk and other hotel staff.   Great stay. Anxious to see it when the renovations are complete. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.great location,Great location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The gentleman at the from door was just fantastic. The executive lounge was one of the best. I loved the tea time. Cocktail hour was also wonderful.,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,weekend away,"The location of the hotel was great, not far from the shows and restaurants. But disappointed with the scaffolding over the front of the hotel as we weren't told of this before we went. The breakfast and staff were very nice and couldn't do enough for you.  The lounge was nice but saturday was very busy and couldn't get a seat? Didn't get to use leisure suite.  The front door guys very helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay at the Waldorf Hilton,"My friends and I had a fabulous stay at the Waldorf Hilton on Saturday night. Everyone was so helpful and lovely.   Harley in the Premium office booked our stay, he was helpful and friendly. The receptionist and the house keeping staff were courteous and polite. The bar staff in the executive lounge were lovely and happy to chat to us and recommended where to visit especially Jackson and a lady, who was lovely, but her name escapes me. The door man was Exceptional! Douglas from The North East/Scotland made us feel special and important. He was so lovely and we had a great chat with him. Overall we had an excellent stay and would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Hotel, Fun History","Stayed two nights at the Waldorf Hilton and appreciated the central location and historic environs. The rooms were very clean, but lacked the overall polish that you might expect from an historic hotel. That said, the staff more than made up for that! Would definitely stay here again. Breakfast, gym, and facilities were also superb. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Very underwhelming experience.  Our first room had the windows blacked out because of construction work outside.  They then decided to move us to a Courtyard View but the view was of Sewage Pipes and Facilities, not a courtyard in sight.   The staff's attitude was disgraceful when we complained.  For the cost per night GBP 500 it was nothing but disappointing. They then proceeded to charge my card with other guests charges which my Bank considered fraudulent and blocked my card.  I have had numerous correspondence with Customer Service Representatives and local Managers right up to Corporate Level without any satisfactory resolution.  Now all I have is Silence.  If Hilton decide to contact me I would be delighted to provide them with my Case Number",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Service,Great hotel in the heart of London.  Can walk to a number of attractions and many restaurants and bars in the area. Great doorman and front desk staff.  Room a little small but very nice and quiet.   Would definitely recommend Waldorf to anyone travelling in area especially if seeing a show.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what we had expected..,"We planned this stay a year ago to coincide with a concert at the Albert Hall.   The stay at the Waldorf was to be the icing on the cake, but it wasn't. This place has 'character', and history etc. therefore it is old and in come areas threadbare.   I have stayed in other Waldorf's in Edinburgh and Berlin,  but London doesn't come near to the others. Check in was ok, but as a Diamond member I would have expected some form of acknowledgement or recognition for this - I won't ask for it.   Reception staff were thin on ground, and not engaging. I requested a late check out, and was made to feel like I was asking a judge for leniency!   The concierge Team were charming and helpful as was the Scottish door person - great banter!   Breakfast was just a normal Hilton affair - nothing…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Afternoon Tea in a stunning location,"Thank you to the wonderful staff who looked after myself and my sister who was celebrating her Birthday on Friday. Food was beautiful - the savoury selection was amazing. We do not eat egg sandwiches so were given options on what to change for which was a great service.  The cakes were beautiful - the Victoria sandwich was a melt in your mouth dream. The champagne tasted fabulous. Harpist, atmosphere, surroundings were incredible.  A great establishment serving a great tradition.  Looking forward to seeing the frontage when the works have been completed - any excuse to come back.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly ,Just spent a 1 night weekend stay at this iconic Art Deco Hotel smack bang in the middle of the west end. Great location. Disappointed to see the whole front of the hotel covered in scaffold and screening but I guess that couldn’t be helped. Received a lovely warm welcome from the lovely doorman and the reception staff. Our room was lovely and clean cosy warm and had plenty of towels and good hot water. The bed was comfortable but could have done with more pillows. The Good Godfrey bar was lovely the staff there couldn’t do enough for us unlike the Parrot Bar down the hall! We walked into the dimly lit cocktail bar all excited to have a cocktail or two but oh no! We were told there was no room for our little party of 4 and ushered politely out of the door!! So if you don’t want…,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional service,"Stayed during the renovation so it didn't see the grand exterior but the inside was spectacular alongside the Titanic room and being upgraded to the Executive Lounge was brilliant. The service from the front desk staff Alessandra and the waiter Travis was exceptional. Made us feel truly welcome and at ease. Loved the pool! Loved the Executive Lounge! Loved the location! The most Central that you're going to get but none of the roadside traffic could be heard from the inside. Fast room service and quick to help from all staff. Absolutely wonderful place to stay, beautiful place, beautiful location and beautiful staff.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,McDonalds kind of ad ,"Well on the outside the hotel seems charming out of this world, but on the inside ...  - bad customer service: they tried to charged me 3 times by Trying to withdraw from my card, and it took them 1 month to return the money - bad internal communication - their response to such accident - well we didn’t know that you already paid for your 3 nights stay - small tip - talk to each other or check the status  - paying to stay in such hotel, you deserve a better room service, we returned to our room to find the bathroom is a very bad condition, the room wasn’t clean from tbt start The only good thing about this hotel is the location, location and location ...",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wednesday Afternoon Tea,"Very enjoyable afternoon tea. The restaurant at the Waldorf was quiet on a Wednesday at 2:30 so was lacking atmosphere ( no harpist either) but the good service and lovely food was very pleasing. We had the classic afternoon tea with a glass of champagne. The vegetarian sandwich selection was varied and tasty and we were offered additional which is always a nice touch. Scones were serviced warm and the pastries were attractive, petite  and delicate. It was a celebration for my friends birthday and they brought an extra cake with a candle. Our waiter was attentive and pleasant.  It's been a few years since I have been to the Waldorf for tea and I would certainly be happy to go back.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay at the WHL,"I have a great stay at the Waldorf Hilton London.  The location of the hotel is in a great spot and easily walkable to a variety of attractions.  The staff was extremely pleasant and nice. I was there running an event for a client and the banquet team could not have been more attentive and helpful.  Sophie, Hristina, George, and Sam did a phenomenal job providing a great experience for our guests.  I would absolutely recommend this hotel for a stay or an event!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2nd time here,"Love this hotel ,smart ,spotless ,Central for theatres ,Covent Garden ,great food and service . Beautiful rooms ,sparkling bathrooms .. Nothing negative at all to say about it .Will be back again ,definitely.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,I would recommend if you plan to take a taxi from the airport ask the hotel for the car service.  Only time I’ve been ripped off by a cab was in London.  paid double the price of their car service.  Loved the hotel and well located by theaters.  Service was great.  If you are comfortable with the train it may work well. With suitcases I wanted convenience.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"We stayed for 5 night using Hilton Honors points.  The Hotel is very close to the theatre district, in particular the National Theatre, we we like to go to, but this play was a bit of a disappointment (Peter Gynt).  We walked out before the 3rd act,  It is also a short walk to nearby  restaurants.  Because we are Diamond level members in the Hilton  chain we have access to the Executive lounge that has breakfast in the morning, scones, jam. and clotted cream, and sandwiches and cakes in the afternoon and appetizers from 6pm to 8:30pm.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Birthday celebration with family, cocktails and great food.","Early dinner Sunday evening at Homage after a theatre matinee as only a few minutes walk from Theatre.  Food beautifully presented we throughly enjoyed the whole experience.  Drinks a little on the expensive side but it was a special occasion so expected to spend a little more.      I would highly recommend the food and service, the restaurant was quiet until around 8 when it started to get busy so if you prefer a bit more of an atmosphere don't book too early.   The hotel is having the facade renovated and so does have scaffold up at the front but the interior is unaffected and charming.   ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel nicely located,"We stayed, my wife and I, for few days back in February. The hotel has a good location, good service mainly at breakfast. The team members, especially concierge, are willing to go the extra mile to assist. The only thing that bothered me was the room allocation. We were accommodated in one of those rooms where the hot water pipe passed adjacently to the closet. The heat was unbearable. We had to keep the window partially open to manage to sleep. We had to go back to the reception on couple of times asking for a room move but they kept on mentioning that the hotel was fully booked. I would advise to sort it out.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend ,Waldorf hilton. What a beautiful hotel. This was a surprise weekend for my wife's birthday. I have stayed at many hotels but have never been made to feel so welcome as we were here nothing was to much for the staff. No matter what we wanted thay seemed to make it happen. The hotel being in the heart of theatre land makes it just a fantastic place to stay. We came away with the biggest smiles on our faces. What a weekend. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely location, staff and food!",Just spent the afternoon having tea at the Waldorf with my sister and Mum. It was so lovely. The staff are charming. Endless different teas to choose from. Delicious sandwiches. And oh so make fantastic cakes. Far too many but we tried our best to finish them :) It was all wonderful.  Thank you Waldorf team for the lovely memory. I will be back one day for sure.,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel with amazing atmosphere,"I stayed at the Waldorf initially for work purposes but it was so good that I returned on a number of occasions with extended family to share the experience. Centrally located, this hotel is perfect for those who are looking to explore the city or just soak up the atmosphere in covent garden. On each occasion, I had an incredible experience, spacious rooms with luxury feeling. The staff are very attentive at breakfast and there is a large range of food on offer. Can't wait to go back. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"A trip to celebrate my daughters birthday, the rooms are nicely decorated and spotlessly clean.  The staff are very welcoming and friendly.  We always stay here when coming to London, and have been coming for over 10 years and staying at this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central location traditional with modern facilities,"The Waldorf facade and public rooms are very traditional elegance but perfectly maintained, the bedrooms have modern filling and are comfortable (one minor complaint we had was the hot water was only tepid (we only stayed 1 night so don't know if it was an isolated problem). The bar is worth a visit traditional elegance and good service. Location on Aldwych is perfect for west end theatres and a host of restaurants , we were attending a play at the National Theatre a short walk over Waterloo Bridge.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice welcome and decent hotel,Arrived early but the wel ome was friendly and helpful. We had booked a suite so we were given access to the executive lounge to get refreshments. We utilised the lounge in the evening and breakfast. Both were very good and the service was friendly and attentive. The suite was traditional but clean and a decent size. The staff all round including the bar team were excellent. We had a great break in this very central hotel ,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location,"Spent 1 night in an executive room as part of a theatre trip. The location is perfect for Covent Garden and a short walk to theatre land. The room was a very large by London hotel standards, very well maintained and clean. The executive lounge is a bit sterile so we had breakfast in the main restaurant which is a wonderful old ballroom. The choice of foid was excellent. Only one night so no time to check out the other facilities but being in such a positive location we can do that next time. The outside refurb does not affect the stay except the outside seating for which the hotel is wuite famous was not there.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for Covent Garden  - 5 minute walk away,Nice hotel just a short walk from Covent Garden tube station. We didn’t have their breakfast at £25 per head as there are plenty of places nearby where breakfasts are £8 per head.  Hotel bar is really nice for after dinner drinks.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mostly brilliant ,"Recently traveled to London for business and stayed at the Waldorf Hilton.    The pros:    Classy hotel with great location.    The staff is super friendly and helpful — from the moment you depart your taxi, the staff is seamlessly guiding you through check-in and up to your room.    I arrived a bit early in the morning after my overnight flight from the US.  Although check-in was not officially until later in the day, the staff hustled to make my room available within an hour or so.  This was very accommodating and helpful as I was tired from traveling and needed to prepare for meetings later that same day.    The room was really nice.  I was in room 430.  I guess considered a SE queen superior room.  Spacious, cozy, cool and ventilated.  Bathroom was updated and clean.  Strong…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Although currently undergoing work to the outside, the inside is unaffected and a wonderful place to stay.  We stayed for the convenience of being close to the theatres and Covent garden.  The executive lounge does the most amazing afternoon tea and the evening drinks has a good variety of wines and spirits.  Breakfast in the lounge offers plenty of choice too.  The reception staff were polite and helpful even when guests in front of us were being loud and rude to them.  Very professional at all times.  We have stayed twice now and would certainly stay again ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf? No Way! Virtually No Windows in Room,"Stayed at the Waldorf thinking it would be a great place to relax and enjoy London. It was a step up from where we normally stay, but with points, it made sense. We showed up at 3pm (check-in time) and the room we reserved wasn’t ready. They “upgraded” us to a lower floor. The biggest issue was that the room had one 18” oval window. No other windows in the room plus this small window was filmed over because there was construction scaffolding right outside this wall. The room felt like a cave and we were both a bit claustrophobic when there. There was a skylight, but it had Film over it and no shades, so by 6am, the room was filled with light and it was tough to sleep past this time.   If you want a nice, upscale hotel, I’d suggest you stay emanating from this one and find…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,DON'T STAY HERE!  Big disappointment,"We encountered so many problems during our stay. The room smelled like cigarette smoke, the windows are blacked out so the rooms feel like an asylum. Too many problems to mention. Stay somewhere else! We moved rooms 3 times. The daily cleaning consisted of making the bed. They failed to replenish TOILET PAPER (say what?), coffee, cookies, soap. We had to call down to the front desk numerous times every day. The waitress at breakfast was wiping the snot from her nose while she was setting the tables with silverware. It was terrible. The location is great and several people who work here are absolutely lovely kind people.  But, it is not worth the money AT ALL.  The location is good, but you can find another hotel with great location with much better service.  Just don't.  I…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weakest G&T ever!!!,"Visit the Bar at the Waldorf.  Nice environment but hotel presently has scaffoldingoutsideso a bit of a let down.  Ordered 2 gin and tonics.  Gin came in a tumbler full of ice with ""allegedly"" a shot of ""gin"" in the bottom.  I added much of the tonic and the drink tasted of nothing other than tonic.  It was the weakest G&T ever.  It had either been watered down (which I can't believe for a hotel of this standing) or masked by the amount of ice.  I would strongly advise getting the gin separate from the ice and tasting it first or asking for one or two cubes of ice only.  We were in a hurry otherwise I would have complained, especially after being charged £12 plus service for each of them.  Not a good experience. Just be warned and take care of what you are getting.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Liked the room, terrific location, excellent service","The location is excellent for the theatre district and good for walking to Trafalgar, Buckingham palace, Westminster, if you don’t mind walking a bit. The room had adequate storage and outlets and a large, modern bathroom. However, the bed was too bouncy for our taste, and when we asked for more pillows and of a different type than the easily flattened (feather?) pillows, they sent us travel sized pillows! The concierges made excellent suggestions for dinner and advise for seeing sights.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a joy,Enjoyed a three day stay as part of a golden wedding celebration. A beautiful iconic hotel in the centre of the theatre district. The room was very spacious and spotlessly clean as indeed were all the public areas. We enjoyed a dinner and a lunch in the hotel and both were excellent. The executive lounge was really useful but preferred breakfast in the dining room. The only niggle was the lack of hot plates. My pet hate is cold food on cold plates. The answer was the omelette which was freshly made and hot but the plate was still cold.  The star of the show was undoubtedly the wonderful staff. They were professional but friendly and welcoming and we felt really special the whole time. Whoever is in charge of staff training deserves the highest praise.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Building work a bit of a let down,"A really nice genuine hotel. Nice staff, nice feeling, lobby and restaurant excellent. My only gripes were that the room felt a tad grubby, it wasn’t, but was due a re-paint that made it feel that way. The elephant in the room Is the building work being carried out. Obviously it looks nothing like the photos at the moment. No mention when booking. Still a great place, just a bit hells-bells. Breakfast was nice, but please please change those awful sausages. They tasted like hot-dog sausages and were obviously cooked the night before. Get some good quality ones in. Other Hilton hotels don’t serve these mutations. I do recommend this hotel though and may stop again after the building work is done. ( please sort those sausages though) A great location for the west end shows.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"This is in Covent Garden and one of the best locations for so much in London. In between two Play houses (one was Mama Mia and the other Tina) and two others close by. Lots of different restaurants so you have your pick. Easy access to a Tube station as well. The room was small like every other European room but very nice. I didn't take advantage of the hotel very much since it was a business trip and I didn't have time, but I'd love to come back here on a pleasure trip",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"I stayed with my son from 30th July to 4th August. It is situated in Covent Garden, one of the most happening areas of London. There are lots of good cafes Resturant  shopping( brands) and street shows happening in Covent garden market. Sight seeing is also close, some at walking distance.   Now coming to the hotel, the entrance of the hotel doesn’t look like hotel entrance it’s small. On my arrival I missed the hotel took some time to figure out the hotel. Rooms are very small( barely for two people, guess it’s London) very less place to move around the room but clean. Bed size was good. There was construction going on but we were not affected with it. No disturbance. Breakfast was same all throughout. Not even a single menu was changed through the days I stayed. So it got…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Free flowing champagne afternoon tea, superb!","My birthday treat with my sister and friends. It was a Groupon deal, and it was so fantastic!!  Ahmed was our host/waiter. He was wonderful, so friendly and attentive, professional. The way he poured champagne must have taken years to perfect, so elegant.  The savoury and the sweet treats were as free flowing as the champagne, delicious and beautiful.  A perfect event and the way we were treated made us feel like royalty.  Thanks Ahmed, all the staff and the Waldorf...  Till the next time!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location helps give it 2 stars,"Honestly as long time Hilton member this was embarassing to be associated with the name, let alone Waldorf. The location is great but almost everything was poor from front desk, concierge, room service (and all these if you could actually get someone to answer the phone). We had requested a quiet room and after lots of issues we were given one but it smelt like an ash tray despite it being a non smoking hotel, how the housekeeping had allowed this to be acceptable is beyond me. So we asked for alternatives and were given one on second floor right over where this was going to be a wedding, not so quiet :( Eventually with help of a manager we got some sort of upgrade to a tiny but semi quiet room and made do for a few days. Certainly would recommend avoiding and next time in…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,beautiful hotel in an amazing location,This was booked as a surprise for my birthday along with a show. The front of the hotel is screened off currently but at least this shows their are looking after this amazing old building. The rooms are small which i guess you expect for London so the bed was only a queen size. The bathroom was bigger and very nice. The breakfast was nice but is self service. Overall we enjoyed our stay and all the staff were helpful. The main plus for this Hotel is the location which is great.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing memories thank you,"My husband and I visited on sat the 7th sept for a meal which my daughter purchased for us via the groupon app as an anniversary gift for us. I had contacted hotel as in 1991 my mum worked at the hotel and 3 years later she took me for a visit so we were given a tour by the duty manager whose name escapes me which brought back lots of lovely memories we then had drinks at the Godfrey bar complimentary, we then went to the restraint for our meal which was exquisite.  Throughout the whole time we were in the Waldorf we were treated so lovely I cannot thank every single person  for the chance to relive some amazing memories of my mum",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay,"We stayed at this hotel with a Baby and it's terrible, the hotel rooms are tiny and the hotel is riddled with stairs everywhere making it difficult to move around, the doorman is useless and more interested in talking to the locals and watched us struggle with our pushchair rather than help us!! Also the room was not cleaned properly and the bed sheets were stained, the hotel did not even apologies and behaved liked they were doing us a favour by changing the sheets. Basically I would never stay at this hotel AGAIN !!!",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Doorman Disappointment!!,"Beautiful place amazing location but when it comes to doorman ...  Last night (friday). I was late for business dinner and need it to get a taxi quick. As i am not from uk i don't know the taxi system so i was looking for the doorman to help me but looked like he had more important business to deal with ...  Oh and he behave like salesman on a street market, shouting and talking casual as i am in front of street fish shop but not guest in a 5 star hotel.  Please see pictures below",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but not brill,"Booked this as part of a coach trip with me and my 13 year old boy. He's been at this hotel twice before with his nan and loved it so i thought  i would treat him again. I must have set my expectations too high though. Arrival was chaotic with everybody off the coach not knowing where to leave bags or if needing to check on. When we could  check in at 3pm went to our room to find a double bed rather than twin, tried to call but no answer so trailed back to reception. They advised someone would call and change bed to a twin. Decided to go swimming, water really cold and dangerously slippy all around the edge. Only stand on the blue mats otherwise its like walking on ice. Our air con wouldnt work due to a fuse issue but this was sorted after 2 phone calls. Bathroom was lovely…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel. Great Location.,"Have stayed at this hotel many times in the past. (The last visit was some 2 years ago). Excellent location for theatre land, top class restaurants and other interesting places to visit, within walking distance. We had  a re-furbished executive room. It was clean, roomy and ticked all the boxes. Check-in was faultless. Staff polite and friendly.  Good selection for breakfast in the restaurant. We will be back,",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best spot in town! And a handy walkabout phone,"Small rooms (it's London!) have been updated-- bathrooms are lovely.   Bar and lounging areas are nice; bar food is good. Breakfast is fabulous as is the setting for same.   The conference rooms are nice; small rooms for 5-20 people are really nice. Conference food was spectacular.  Check in and checkout were easy. Really cool was a Wifi phone that could be taken out and about-- worked as GPS, helped for looking things up, and allowed us to send/receive texts without having to rack up international phone fees. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Under going construction - still a great location.,"Good service, good lounge, early check in provided which was excellent after a long and eventful trip. I did experience something out of Fawlty Towers on my first day but that is a long story ... suffice it to say if the room service guy wants to get into your room to replace something he won't give up; even if you are sleeping and the door is locked. ",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for theatre,If you are going to the theaters this could not be more perfect. Staff so friendly and nice clean rooms with large bathrooms. Good eats around before the theatre. Couldn’t be a better location. Land close to the Thames for a walk,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Very friendly staff, helpful & efficient.  Great position to explore London, near Covent Garden & river Thames also bus & tube links to anywhere.  Good well prepared food & very tasty Lovely large rooms with extra towels & very comfy pillows",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea was not like 10 years ago when it was an amazing experience,I had afternoon tea here yesterday with 4 of my family and boy has it gone downhill since i last had the experience there 10 years ago It was no way as good and neither was the food or the amount of it and the so called free flowing champagne did not really flow  We had to ask all the time for tea and champagne the scones and cakes arrival was very slow  Was very disappointed as i never got given  the sparkler Birthday cake with Happy Birthday on the plate written in chocolate like before or the experience of having Happy Birthday sung to me like when i was 60 while the lady played the harp It has all stopped even though my daughter told them i was 70 yesterday Why has it changed i wonder yet they added a service charge plus an extra fee for being there on a Sunday  Will never…,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Made to feel like Royalty ,"Just wished to send my thanks to a few at the Waldorf Hilton for allowing our stay this weekend to be lovely.  Long story short, I'd actually had room booked at Hilton Metropole London for 31st. Upon arrival the hotel just wasnt right for us and so after 2 room changes and an awful experience in the Executive Lounge I checked out after only being there for an hour.  Upon calling the Waldorf whilst still at the Metropole I spoke with Carmen and explained I needed a room for the evening. She was fantastic and accommodated immediately for our needs. I then hopped in a cab with my Mum and arrived at the Waldorf. This was a world away from the previous hotel... Ionna kindly walked us to our room and Carmen made time to call to ensure all was good with the room and that we were happy.…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great memories,I was given a birthday present from my family for my 60th a night at the Waldorf hotel where I had met my husband in 1977 the service was outstanding on the bed there was a balloon on my bed a card and cake on the table the staff were lovely and friendly the room and the hotel is beautiful I’m looking forward to staying there again,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spectacular ,Awesome all round. If I could give more stars I would. 5 star isn’t enough nor does it justice.  Thank you for an all round enjoyable visit and stay. Recommend this without question.   Brilliant staff who are always on hand. Friendly and welcoming and very helpful with local insight into the area and dining. Fantastic rooms and hotel is spotless. ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Substandard for Hilton,"Only Hilton ive ever known across the globe to disregard a room's privacy sign.  Although bell service was scheduled for a set time, they arrived early and we had not yet returned from breakfast.  Our belongings were taken from the room! Some last minute packing had yet to be finished. What made matters worse was a reserved car service then arrived before we had a chance to put things in order.  The other major flaw with the hotel is the room temperature. All prior to arrival we communicated  need for cool room, our room had such poor air fliw and circulation,  it was warm and uncomfortable.  Many apologies from staff.  Lip service delivered in condescending manner. Wont stay here ever again. ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel: special thanks to Elysha and Fatumata for the great experience!,"Great central location and lovely rooms. Elysha at check in was very delightful and definitely an asset to the property! She explained everything to us and even walked us to our room to make sure everything was okay.  The executive lounge and facilities available were great and one of the managers, Fatumata did a great job of making us feel at home and always being around all the time to help everyone if they needed anything. A superstar team and beautiful hotel!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Trip,"We recently stayed at Waldof Hotel for a special wedding anniversary and was quite surprised at 8am in the morning when the bedroom and bathroom window was opened from the builders outside who then continued to start working on the window frames whilst we were lying there in bed. You don't expect that to happen whilst your on a mini break. Then to top it all off we were then chucked out of our room at 9.30am when housekeeping wanted to clean room, considering we could have stayed until 12pm. ",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, large rooms","Great location for a family of four with young children, we expected the current exterior construction, the interior was well done with large rooms for London.  Concierge was helpful with restaurant recommendations.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf is nice...,"The Waldorf is nice, but there was construction on the entire exterior, which they did tell us to expect. The interior is very nice and the doormen were excellent. The room was large, especially for Europe. The dining room is beautiful. All and all, it is nice, but for the price I know what some other hotels are offering and I'd think they'd have reduced the price since you couldn't open the nice french doors on to the street and see the beauty that is London. amount other things...",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th Wedding Anniversary celebration.,"My Wife Wendy and I celebrated our 50th Wedding Anniversary with a 4 night stay at The Waldorf Hilton Hotel, Aldwych, London. I booked an Executive King room which was very spacious with a lovely comfortable bed and a large wardrobe with closing doors, a chest of drawers and bedside tables all with plenty of storage space. There was also a Chaise Longue and two arm chairs. A large flat screen television with a host of stations and very sharp and crisp screen. The bathroom even had its own flat screen TV fitted into the wall tiling. As it was our Golden Wedding Anniversary, there was in our room Champagne and Fresh Strawberries coated in White Chocolate which were delicious. All the staff throughout the hotel were so friendly and welcoming, right from the arrival when the man…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great option for families in London,"Recently spent 8 nights as a family of 4 at the Waldorf.  The hotel is currently undergoing exterior renovations and I think a majority of the windows are covered from direct sunlight.  This may be an issue for some, as it was for my wife.  The hotel immediately responded and we were able to get a room without a smoked out window.    Location is incredible.  Practically perfect.  Everything is an easy walk from here.    The service at the hotel is top notch; as good as I could have hoped to experience.  From the welcoming door men to the servers in the breakfast room to the entire team at the front desk and concierge.  Everyone was superb.    We were in an Executive Suite connecting to a Deluxe Room.  Plenty of space.  Super comfortable beds, excellent water pressure in the…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good for shopping, walks and shows","Must be a well known classic with some history. Currently being renovated, so all the rooms facing the road have no view. Had a room towards the inside, some court, just a wall in front of the window...not tremendous. Still, it is quiet on the inside, good quality and well lit. The Wifi kept disconnecting somehow. The front desk stak definitely above average in their friendliness!! Breakfast dining area very nice, somehow reminds of the glory days. Location is good for walks or if you are going to see a show.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friends Birthday Celebration,"Had a very lovely meal celebrating my friends ‘special’ birthday. Great food & ambiance with attentive & friendly staff.  I would certainly recommend, all in all it was a really pleasant & civilised evening!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great vacation experience,"We recently stayed at this location.  The staff were remarkably  helpful, knowledgeable and patient. We have something nice to say about the concierges, the reception desk staff and the executive lounge attendants.    Kudos to management.  As for the facility, the outside renovation was not intrusive. The inside of the hotel is classic charming although some of the soft goods need replacement such as the carpeting on the stairs.  The rooms were well appointed and any requests for in room assistance were attended to in short order.  The only disappointment we had was that our request for an early check in was not honored (as we arrived on a morning flight).  The staff were apologetic and did their best to make us comfortable and store our luggage so we could go about our day.  In…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The best staff, food and venue, ever.","My good friend Alex booked the Executive Boardroom for his birthday party. From the moment we arrived, the room looked beautiful and the staff were professional, organised but also welcoming and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble, from finding us extra music equipment to setting up the fabulous birthday cake reveal.  George was an exceptional manager and kept his eye on every detail. Simon and Nik were excellent in keeping everyone 'fed and watered' and Carlos the chef popped in to see us to check we were happy with the most exquisite and visually stunning food. We were treated to the best service and also kindness, I was overwhelmed. If you were considering an event in the boardroom, ballroom or the amazing Palm Court for a big event, I'm sure you'll be made to feel like…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location with superb service,"Location is ideally situated for walking throughout London, and an easy walk home after a show in Covent Garden.  Staff are very friendly and helpful, and the building is beautiful with large guest rooms.  ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff & location,"The location of this hotel is superb for tourism, in the heart of Covenant Garden where there is an abundance of shopping, theatre, and restaurants.  The hotel staff were efficient and very friendly.  We felt like welcomed guests in a home versus a hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unforgettable birthday experience at Waldorf Hilton...,"My feedback is for Waldorf Hilton in Covent Garden, London.  I had my big birthday party there on Saturday and I had to say I cannot recommend them enough to anyone. Their Social Event Sales Executive Marco Daina has been very communicative from the start. Any requests or queries I had were swiftly addressed and my expectation were managed really well from the beginning.   On the evening itself, one of the managers George stayed at the event from the beginning until the end and alongside him, we had the both Nick and Simon who helped with serving of drinks and food. I was also introduced to the Sous Chef, Marco who greeted me as explained how the canapes and bowlfood will be served and when. He also helped me to decide if the food would be enough for the number of guests etc.…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,Wonderful hotel with beautiful amenities and excellent food. The staff are outstanding extremely friendly and helpful. We throughly enjoyed our stay. In a great location for theatres and shopping. We would highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,Although I don’t think it was made very clear at time of booking that there is major renovation going on it this was a lovely hotel. The staff are lovely and cannot do enough for you. Lovely quiet room. The window was frosted over because of the building work so check first if this might be an issue for you. Would still recommend this as a great place to stay in a great location.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Disappointing for a 5 star Hilton hotel.  Similar to other reviews, vacated room in mornings and on 2 occasions room not cleaned or new towels etc. Not 5 star.  Rooms and service very basic.  Front desk staff at check in not 5 star standard. Was advised we'd a lovely courtyard view room on 1st floor! Opened curtains and had a wall blocking entire window. Understand under refurbishment at the moment so room we were moved to had frosted windows.  Shower water cool.  Average breakfast.  Long delays to wait for eg. Safe to be unlocked. Unfortunately wouldn't stay again due to this experience or recommend.  Only plus point, excellent location for us.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay!,"I took my mother here for her 71st birthday, and everything was superb! All the staff were lovely and cheerful, and couldn't do enough. They even added a lovely surprise in the room to wish my mother happy birthday. It's so lovely to pass housekeeping staff who give you a wave and a smile. The room (executive king) was spacious, clean and cool, and the bed very comfortable. The meal at the Homage was fabulous and the food was absolutely delicious. We encountered a snag when we left, as I had been accidently overcharged for the meal. However, when I pointed this out via email (I only realised after I left) the restaurant manager arranged a full refund and apology within the hour. I was blown away by the quality of the service, and the speed with which the error was rectified. It…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Me and my niece to tea at the Waldorf, it’s a regular of mine and I love the ambience, attentive staff and most of all the delectable scones and good selection of teas. My little beans first high tea was here when she was a year old and she still love it now!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No housekeeping,Room not ready on arrival at 7pm on the Saturday. Room not cleaned during the day and was not done until after I returned at 8pm on the Sunday. Had to shower using used towel and left over toiletries as I was in a rush to get out for the evening.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, be better when renovations done.","Nice hotel, friendly staff,room was nice lovely bedding,safe and all the things you would expect  We felt the breakfast could have been better, fried eggs were like rubber and had to ask for vegetarian sausages which were mashed up vegetables in some sort of breadcrumbs, not best ever. Was also surprised to be given paper napkins but lots of choice otherwise. Enjoyed our stay and if we were to return I would go when all the scaffolding and white sheeting was down which is presently covering the building.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The worst waldorf ive ever been to,The was the absolute worst waldorf i have ever been to the staf was imcompetent they were not helpful the when we arrived at 11pm we were not greeted not greeted by a bellhop or doorman with all of our luggage we were not offered any help with our baggage they charge the full price of my stay the very first night after i had already paid online through my booking ap through hiltons ap then they charged me again for my stay when i checked out they trippled charge me for stuf i had already paid for i had to call numerous times for them to fix it ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our visit for a family wedding,"I would just like to extend a massive thanks to all at The Waldorf for truly making us feel at home. Massive thanks to Manfred, Olga and all the doormen for handling the chaos we caused so professionally and with nothing but warm smiling faces. NOTHING was too much trouble! We truly appreciate everything you all did to make my nieces wedding a truly memorable and beautiful occasion. Lots of love to you all from The Patel Family ❤️❤️❤️",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable but work ongoing,Overall we enjoyed this hotel and would stay again. A few points:  1. Not as convenient to tube stops as we’re used to but not terribly far. We were there on business and it was close enough to walk to everything we needed.   2. Renovation was still ongoing. Not a lot of great views from the few rooms that have them. Some parts of the hotel are a bit tired but that’s what they’re working on!  3. Great breakfast.  4. Covent Garden location = a ton of great restaurants and shopping in easy walking distance.   We tend to switch hotels every (business) trip. We may have found a permanent “home”.  Four stars for small renovation inconveniences with no pricing consideration.   Also events held here can be a hassle. On two nights we had to force our way through the crowds that were…,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay supurb location,"We made a return visit for just one night after a long while. The check in was highly efficient and we got an early check in which was much appriciated - thank you Lucia! As has been said many times the location of the hotel is superb 5mins from Covent Garden etc, stacks of good restaurants/pubs nearby, buses stop outside and a tube station nearby. We went to the Royal Opera House to see the Bolshoi, only 7mins walk from the hotel! We had a Delux room which was clean well decorated and comfortable. Sure it was on the small side but who is going to sit in their room all day in such a fantastic location? The staff were friendly and helpfull breakfast excellent. Its not a luxury hotel but a good 4* the main plus is its in an unbeatable location.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag,"Stayed here for 3 nights. Arrived here 3.20pm, room was not ready for us, had to wait an hour. Got very little sleep on 1st night as A.C was not working in room 207 and it was like an oven. We asked to be moved for the other nights and we got a room on 4th floor which had good A.C. Overall the experience was spoiled by the 1st night. No sleep and still paid full room rate. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegance and warmth,"The Waldorf is undergoing a major renovation. The windows in most rooms are glazed so work can proceed, but guest privacy is maintained.  This does mean, however, that one's room tends to be darker than usual.  We accepted a handicap accessible room because I found the tub enclosure for the shower in  another room I looked at too high to step over.   Nice feature of a switch to request privacy or maid service, eliminating guessing work for the staff.  The executive lounge is nicely set up with sofas, some club chairs and tables.  You can easily make a nice supper of their offerings should you choose to do so. The menu rotates daily and of course some days what is offered is better than others. For instance one evening they had chicken skewers and another night they had falafel…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A grand old hotel near most attractions,"This is a lovely hotel , the front of hwich is currently covered in scaffolding as it is under refurbishment. Th room we had was so quiet we never heard anoter person whilst in it during our 4 day stay . The bed was comfortable and the room was quite large for a city hotel . Everything was spotless in the room . The breakfast was very good and plenty of choices for all types of diet . We only ate once in the evening and the food was well presented and beautifully cooked , and though not exactly a huge choice on the menu it was adequate. The bar was very nice and the staff both here and generally around the hotel were friendly, helpful and welcoming.Even though the street outside was bustling with traffic you couldn't here a thing from outside in the bar and louge area.  For…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"The hotel was beautiful, immaculate and in the perfect location. The staff was  phenomenal. Breakfast was great and Tea Time left nothing to be desired. If I ever return to London I will not consider any other hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,I made a reservation and confirmed that valet parking was required. I was told it would be available but upon arrival i was told it was not available.  Upon arrival I was disappointed to see the front of the hotel covered in scaffold. I realise maintenance is essential but I feel this should have been mentioned. I also had to queue in excess of 20 minutes to check in as only one person was manning the reception desk although another person did eventually arrive to help speed things along.  During departure i advised the guest information manager that my stay was far from enjoyable and explained the reasons why. I was asked to forward the communications regarding the valet parking which i did but i have yet to receive any sort of explanation. ,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon noon tea with free flowing Champagne ,My Friends and I went for the afternoon tea with free flowing champagne this afternoon 6th August on a  groupon voucher. We had such a fantastic time the staff were very attentive especially George who in my opinion is the nicest person we have ever met. He is such a credit to the Waldorf. The rest of the staff are as equal to a family gathering friendly and very obliging Thank you to the Waldorf for such a memorable time we would throughly recommend it with or without a groupon voucher. ,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,I have always wanted to visit the Waldorf  Booked a meal in the Homage Restaurant for our Anniversary.  On arriving was upset to find exterior covered in scaffolding!  The meal was three course with prosecco  very nice and presented very well. Glad we have visited as have always wanted to but didnt live up to expectations  !,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what it used to be - disappointing,"We had previously stayed in this hotel in 2015 and were very impressed with it. We decided to return for two nights over the summer while my husband was participating in a cycling event.   We arrived before check in time (3pm) and decided to leave our bags and go for lunch. When we returned at 3pm we were told our room still wasn’t ready. After much faffing, reception changed us to a different room.  The room was very small and the carpet was wet underfoot. It also had a cot which took up much of the space in the bedroom. We rang housekeeping who agreed to remove the cot.The bathroom was rather tired and the inside of the bath was stained and the woodwork around the shower badly chipped.  The following day we went out early and spent the day sightseeing. We returned at 4pm to…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,EXTERIOR UNDER HEAVY REPAIR,Exterior of this property is under heavy repair and does not show well.  Interior is beautiful.  Internet works well.  Room is standard size-Staff is great!  Martini's are small in size and they need to get standard olives and olive juice as their dirty martinis needed lots of help.  Breakfast was great!,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, amenities and staff! ","It’s hard to imagine that someone would find fault with this staff as we travel often and around the world and the service we received was top! I also wonder if some people do not travel Europe and realize that the rooms are small.  Anyway... positive is yes this hotel has been here for over 100 years and they are renovating the outside.  It didn’t bother us as we were staying inside the hotel, ha!  The doorman from Italy and the bellman from Romania were amazing and ya e us the best service, whether it was holding our umbrellas, giving us a tour of the facilities, etc.  by the way if you are a gym person, this gym is not a hotel gym, rather a very extensive gym that is connected and guests get to use and a lovely indoor pool! That’s a 5 there.  The executive lounge was very…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding stay,"We stayed at the Waldorf Astoria for two nights on the backend of our five week European trip.  We stayed on points, and they upgraded us to a King Executive room with a sleeper sofa.  Great room to accommodate our teenage daughter.  We called in the day before our arrival and requested this.  The service was exceptional, from the doorman from Italy (forgot his name but he was excellent) to the check in process, to the individual that helped us with our bags.  The guys and gals were great, always smiling and always willing to help! Keep up the great service.  Nice gym onsite as well as an excellent Executive Lounge.  Our experience was great, and we will return to this lovely hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You expect better of Hilton,"We stayed last night at the Hilton Waldorf on Aldwych last night. Sadly this is going to be the first poor review I have written. We booked a standard room using a combination of points and cash. On arrival at 14.45 the building was covered in scaffolding which we were understand but were not forewarned of. There was only one person on reception (no Hhonours priority) and we queued for 10-15 minutes.  We were allocated room 318 but first issue was neither key worked and we had to return to reception. Then we got into the room. It was tiny. There was only one bedside table, you had to climb over an armchair to access one side of the bed and the window was painted out so could not be used. 5 mins after we arrived maintenance turned up to fix the toilet.  I called guest services…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We booked this hotel with friends as we had joined their Hilton honours scheme which comes with various benefits.  My husband had been in correspondence with a member of their staff numerous times prior to our visit, who had promised us we would have a fantastic stay and would be really looked after.  Sadly this wasn’t the case. We checked in and said member of staff had said to my husband to let check in know when we had arrived as he would like to pop down and introduce himself.  We did this, only for a completely different member of staff to come and see us and ask what our problem was as he’d been asked to come and see us.  This was one of several awkward encounters throughout our stay.  We had a complimentary afternoon tea, a complimentary meal for one person in the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit expensive but worth it,"Spent three nights in this hotel and it was a shame that the facade was under construction...anyway, our room was clean and had all the amenities that we needed, including bathroom slippers, bathrobe, iron, shower can and hair dryer, safe, etc..the beds and pillows were very comfortable. The shower missed a bit of steam but was overall OK. The room was a bit small for the price, but I can not complain. We had breakfast included, which had a big variety. All the staff were very attentive and accommodating. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend special birthday trear,"I spent a lot of money booking a room only to find I had to complain three times concerning the non working of safe, shower and toilet. The latter was unresolved as we left. The staff were excellent and sorted the first two problems quickly. Overall a lovely hotel but I’ve had better rooms at a budget hotel.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,stayed here for 2 nights in July with my partner and have to say it was amazing. Lovely staff and great 5 star service as expected. A great location too in the heart of London.........will always return to this hotel,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don’t leave anything in the safe,"Of course one has absolutely no one to blame but myself here I just want you all to be aware for your own sake and as a reminder that this hotel will steel from you if you leave cash in the safe. I left my passport and wallet in the safe after check out. I went back to get it and yes wallet and passport were there, however 400Euro missing of the 800euro in 50 Euro notes. I reported the matter to the police; just in case others have done the same, as it could be an acute problem (they will not tell me that of course).  Smart employees at this hotel; they did not take the all of the Euro and of course I have no way to prove whom took it, temptation is of course a difficult thing.  As I say my fault for leaving in the safe after check out, but I cannot tolerate dishonest and I…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No Other Hotel Compares,"What a beautiful hotel and accommodating staff!  Excellent location in walking distance to numerous pubs, theaters, museums and Covent Gardens.    The staff is First Class and so very welcoming to my wife and I who were first time London visitors.  No doubt we’ll return to the Waldorf on our next visit.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Three course meal,"Waldorf  Totally underwhelmed  The staff,  we were made to feel distinctly unwanted beginning with I’m in a wheelchair so we had to enter through a different entrance and the member of staff who showed us to our seats never spoke a word.  The food,Tasteless soup, dry chicken the chicken was supposed to come with sweet potato they were three rock hard tasteless bullets. The best food was the triple cooked chips and the desert.  Would I go back? NO",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Timers Treated Like Family,"I have restricted mobility and this was immediately appreciated by the doormen as I climbed out of the taxi, and they were extremely solicitous and helpful then and throughout our stay. Everyone was so friendly, and genuinely so - this was not the plastic 'have a nice day' nor was it in any way obsequious. They laughed and joked on an equal footing and we really felt at home.  Our room was spacious and the bed comfortable. Reading other reviews, many criticise their room space -  I suggest that if you book a special offer through an agency you must expect  the minimum specifications. In our case,the increased comfort of a better room was excellent value for the relatively few extra pounds we paid.   The inclusive breakfast package was also a good deal. The coffee service was…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Customer Service,"Fake smile at the front desk :((( (not the lovely young lady but the so-called supervisor)  Room information has to be improved and updated:   We were not told that the Street View room does not actually have a view when we check in... As someone who has spent a year in Holbein/Aldwych area, the construction has been here for a while so the hotel should be able to let the customers know before booking :<   Furthermore, unlike the court rooms, street view room means an extra staircase.  The communication with the front desk (*THE SUPERVISOR) makes the stay all the more stressful.   And the condescending attitude! To quote, “Oh the room of YOUR CATEGORY is fully booked. We are still waiting for the people from EXECUTIVE ROOM to arrive.”  WOW, as if we did not pay anything. Are we…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 star,"Stayed on the top floor. Good bed, good food, excellent environment and perfect experience. One bad side, the lift only goes to 10 then the stairs to 11th. There is no buggy or wheelchair t the floor.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very good, just needs a few minor upgrades/improvements","We stayed at the Waldorf.  It's a nice hotel in an excellent location in/near Covent Garden.  The staff is polite and helpful. Hot breakfast was included and this was a nice bonus to start your day.    Rooms were comfortable and spacious.  Concierge was helpful in getting us to where we needed to be.  Few issues: our room had an issue where the water in the sink and shower was only coming out scalding hot due to some plumbing problem.  This was not something they were able to completely fix during our one week stay.  The workaround was to turn on the cold water tap only full blast and eventually the water would reach a reasonable temp but this is obviously very wasteful.  Also, I asked for a rollaway a few days before arrival.  They confirmed we would have it on arrival but it…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,Stayed here for four nights on business and had a lovely stay. We had a huge room for a central city hotel that was well-appointed — loved the toiletries. Great location near Covent Garden and a quick walk to the British Museum.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall disappointing stay Waldorf Hilton,"Perhaps I was expecting to much from a 5 star hotel but overall my wife and I’s stay was disappointing. We arrived at the hotel for 3pm (check in time) there was a long queue and only two people working at check in. After about 15 minutes we got to the front of the queue and tried to check , alas our room was not ready. We were dispatch3d to the restaurant and were told that the hotel would text me when the room was ready. We ordered a coffee but as I am lactose intolerant I asked for Soya Milk only to be told a few minutes later that they had run out.  45 minutes elapsed and no text , we went back to reception to find the room was ready and had been for a while. We went off to the room to find the room key didn’t work, back to reception long queue and 10 minutes later managed…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Posh....but not that posh!,"Paid a visit for one night only at the Waldorf, not usually in my budget but with the help of Tesco vouchers thought we’d spoil ourselves.  Checking in was a nice experience and the concierge couldn’t be more helpful, the staff on reception were polite and friendly and once checked in we went up to the room. It was a nice fairly large room but I wasn’t blown away by by anything in particular, it was nice but could’ve been any hotel to be honest, one thing that grabbed my attention was that the mini bar was locked and there was a note written in poor English explaining that the mini bars were having a facelift and that they were unavailable, so as I was inquisitive about this I managed to open the fridge with the help of my room card only to find a fully stocked fridge and…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to visit,"We were in London for three days (from Paris) and wanted to see two plays.  We saw Tina (next door) and The Lion King (around the corner). Every part of the trip exceeded my expectations, from the courtesy of the staff to the location. I would recommend the hotel to anyone, especially if you are interested in the Theatre District.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I really was disappointed,I was really looking forward to staying at the Waldorf but I am sorry to say I was disappointed. Okay it is being refurbished which did cause a bit of disruption which I expected but what really let them down was the service. Hilton normally get it so right but this time they just had a bad weekend. Wanted room service no one answered the phone. Got back to our room at 3pm and our room wasn't made up so I called house keeping. No answer again! tried 3 times. In the end I called reception and they said they would send someone up. Went out and back at 5pm still not made up!!! Called again no answer. In the end went to reception and asked and eventually when we got back after going to theatre it was done. Don't get me wrong this hotel is in a great location and the executive lounge…,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is unbeatable,"We just spent 5 nights at the Waldorf Hilton on our first family trip to London. The location makes it an excellent base for exploring London. Walking to the theater district, proximity to buses and tube stations, makes this a great option. The rooms were not large but acceptable. The A/C was a bit sketchy as some have mentioned and the elevators a bit cramped. The bathroom was large with towel warmers, beds comfortable and complimentary water each day. The included breakfast was excellent. Plenty of fruits and cereals, many bread options, an omelette station, scrambled and poached eggs, sausage, two types of bacon, fried tomatoes, mushrooms, baked beans and many other options. This means the classic ""Full English"" breakfast is essentially part of the included menu. Staff was…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quite happy,"We were very happy with the service at the hotel, particularly with the service at the restaurant. The servers and hostesses were kind, attentive, and helpful. And we loved our afternoon tea! I don’t really enjoy London but if I decide to visit again, I will definitely stay here!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing premises and class,Arrived from Australia not knowing what to expect in London - we were blown away with the stay at the Waldorf - from concierge to front office to condition of room and facilities.  For us the location was perfect - close to every where we wanted to visit.  A beautiful place,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but hotel needs major upgrades ,The hotel is in an amazing location near Covent Garden and the London Theatre district as well as plenty of excellent restaurants. I was aware the facade was being worked on and shocked to see the dated lobby and furniture and dead flowers in the entrance area. When I commented that flowers are dead they said new ones would arrive on Friday - why not just remove them? Is this what a high end hotel would let happen???   The hotel lacked attention to detail. The executive lounge was a disaster with no glasses or food and staff not anywhere in site. Breakfast at the executive lounge was 2 star. The room was small and the coffee in the room was instant! My hair dryer was about 15 years old with outdated plugs in the room. This hotel has so much history and potential it’s a…,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good start to our holiday ,We had 3-course dinner with a glass of bubbly on a Living Social offer. It was all very lovely and the service was excellent. I was disappointed though that the famous Waldorf Salad had to be paid for as an extra. I really think that each diner could have been offered a complimentary portion as I would love to have tried it but I object to paying for a set menu and then having to pay extra for bits and pieces. It was all top quality though.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice afternoon tea,"Had a lovely afternoon tea here. Service, decor, food and champagne were exceptional. Had a slight miscommunication when ordering vegetarian sandwiches and they came out all meat, but they were quick and nice to fix things. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,"Great, Great  location. Room was clean but small (this was expected though). Very helpful staff. We were in London for the first time. Hotel was a great starting point for walking, visiting sights, etc And again, great location.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I stayed on a family theatre weekend.  It was perfectly located to get around London especially to all the theatres and restaurants.  The staff were very helpful; however they seemed to get a little confused with luggage for multiple people with the same name in different rooms.  Rather than having them deliver the luggage to my room, I ended up having to go down to get it after storing it upon check in since the room wasn't ready.  The breakfast available in the executive club was really good and fulfilling even for those who have allergies - gluten & eggs.  The only irritant was the coffee machine.  We definitely plan to stay there in future though.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,West end vist,"I have stayed here before. This hotel is an absolute gem and was very disappointed to arrive and see the place cladded for restoration however I can see the bigger picture and this beautiful building needs to be cared for and I'm really looking forward to seeing how she looks when the work is done. None of the above made any difference to our stay as we were placed in an inner room which was lovely and airy and had all you would expect of the Waldorf. Staff were all brilliant as usual and although we didn't use the area you set aside for Wimbledon, it looked fantastic. Cheers guys. Wonderful hotel and a brilliant stay. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst Worst Worst,"Just completed a stay at the Waldorf London and it was not positive. Room 422 had no AC, they indicated that even though I am a Diamond member because I was staying on points they could not move me and no other rooms were available.  I went online to Hilton.com and low and behold, rooms were available to be booked, just not a tiny cramped standard room.  I called the front desk and they sent the rudest room service guy who gave me a hard time indicating that he only handled room service and could not help with no AC so why did I request him, which I did not!  The conversation got so bad that I had to ask him three times to leave or I would call the police, I could not close my door as he was literally inside my room. After another call downstairs the Night staff brought two fans…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect Location, Exemplary Staff","Smack in the heart of Covent Garden's Theatre district and walking distance to Trafalgar Square, The British Museum, Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, and numerous tube stations, The Waldorf is an ideal location from which to explore London.  If you are a Hilton platinum member, you will enjoy daily breakfast (although I wish that they would mix up the variety a bit), tea time (with lovely classic sandwiches), and a 3-8 happy hour with lovely hot and cold hors d'oeuvres and a very generous supply of still and sparkling wines, beers, and numerous spirits with which to mix cocktails!  I'm very much looking forward to returning.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Seen better days, average customer service","Unfortunately this hotel needs more than a facelift to the exterior, it needs work on the rooms and the staff.   Let's be positive though: * Great location,  * Comfortable beds,  * Nice decor.   Sadly, that's where it ends. Negatives: * Hilton still insist on charging for wifi if you aren't a member of their program (seriously?) * Airconditioning units so noisy, you can even hear next doors at night * Got into the room to find that there was no minibar - it was being 'renovated' * Tried getting a document printed - had to follow up the next day when no reply to my email * Rainwater shower head ineffective * Room service menu on TV not only hard to find, hard to read, impossible to respond to with TV remote (why not just stick with a printed menu) * Staff, while polite, didn't…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel stay,"We had a better experience the first time we stayed in this hotel. We had to ask. For a room with air conditioning working properly. The check in took quite a while. On the bright side, the location of the hotel is great.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A wonderful stay!!!,"We stayed in the hotel for 8 nights and enjoyed every minute. Team was extremely helpful, kind and attentive. Rooms were clean. High tea was fantastic. Breakfast was good though very busy. Maintenance worked beautifully. Every request we had was attended perfectly. Thank you for a very special holiday ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Badly designed room,"We stayed on 6th and 8th floors respectively. My room was 803, a corner king room. It is very noisy at daytime, like some repair work was being done. The lift only served up to 7 floor. So we had to walk one floor up and down. The room was very tidy and spacious but badly designed. The bath was nice and big but it had no proper rails. It could be dangerous to seniors. The toilet water would not stop running after flush. I rang them and a plumber came to fix it. He even changed a part but it was still not completely fixed.  The water still kept running after a full flush. The air conditioning was bad too. It was intermittently noisy and too near to bed. The room had too many annoying curves. Maybe it was because of the shape of the old building. Our room was like on the attic. My…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and wonderful stay,"Hotel is centrally located and made for a wonderful stay. Close to Covent Garden tube station and walkable to Holborn as well. Room was very comfortable (went for a Queen Superior to have a little extra space) and temperature control worked perfectly — necessary during a very hot week in London. Current construction on exterior did not detract from anything for me; noise was a non-factor. Didn’t have much of a view but unsure if that was due to room location or scaffolding. Didn’t have too much interaction with staff, but all was pleasant. Front desk and bell staff were helpful, and concierge was able to store bags on my first day prior to check-in so I could enjoy the afternoon. Would definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Avoid, The Conrad is much better, and to be honest there are several non-Hilton alternatives that rank far above this", Called well in advance to make a slight change to an 8 day business trip.  Essentially I needed to be in Ireland mid-week for one night and needed to change my reservation accordingly.  I spoke to a Waldorf Hilton desk agent who took down my schedule details and informed me someone would be in contact the next day.  I never heard from anyone and of course a week later when I checked in they have no notes or recollection of my changes and attempted to charge me >$100 per night in addition to make the changes.  As a person who stays in Hilton hotels almost weekly I Was quite appalled at the lack of flexibility and professionalism and complete disregard for my loyalty.  The desk agent basically downgraded my room for the week.  I'll never stay here again.,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The real deal,"The Waldorf is a timeless and legendary accommodation.  We visit London often and our sense is that, if a West End location is your choice (and a good choice it is), the Waldorf is difficult to beat.  Upgrade to an Executive Room!  The room size and the comfort features are much better; and the included Executive Lounge is a constant useful pleasure.  Even just the Executive breakfast provided makes the upgrade worthwhile, especially since the full breakfast (which one can pay for) downstairs is notably imperfect.  The service staff (concierge, desk and meal) is generally very good.  The lower level reservations staff could be improved in respect to attitude and ability; however, the management and the upper level reservations staff are really first-rate.  The current…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Down the block from covenant garden!,"This is a beautiful hotel.  Our room was very spacious by U.S.A. and European standards!  The bathroom was newly renovated with towel warmers and the beds were very comfy.  There was complimentary water in the room which was such a nice touch.  We used the business center to print out tickets and this was also sufficient.  I proximity to covenant garden was amazing.  A stroll every evening was possible with plenty to do.  And if you do a bus tour like the many big companies which offer one, the stop for many of those lines are at the corner of the building.  Will stay here again if in London!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Truly horrendous experience from a Diamond member's perspective,"This is not the ""Waldorf"" experience you should come to expect when staying at this brand-name hotel. In fact, Hilton would be wise to consider stripping this hotel of the name to preserve its prestige - a brand synonymous with old world charm, class, and sophistication. Due to repair, the hotel was in ugly shape inside and out, with scaffolding lining the exterior and stained carpeting, furniture, and a broken AC system inside. One might think the staff would be its saving grace but it is its greatest liability - the staff was utterly incompetent and incapable of any semblance of quality service. Especially discourteous was the night manager, Ziaul, who was not only unhelpful, but also rude, combative, and always eager to exempt himself from taking responsibility and throw his…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT HOTEL,FANTASTIC SERVICE OUTSTANDING LOCATION GOOD FOOD AND of course right near everything.  Rooms were very nice and price for room was good   Concierge serve superior and every employe always was happy to help any and all guest  I recommend this experience if you have never stayed at a Waldorf!,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A weekend away,Always N excellent choice good quality rooms but worth an upgrade to use the executive suite for free tea and food with free drinks after 6. Enough food and drink to not go out😉 Nice pool available for guests. Goid restaurant with offers on dinner. First class breakfast with a huge choice of food. Will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"We had issues with exchanging money, the pool accommodations, and the breakfast.  Hotel location is excellent.  Staff is very nice and tries very hard.  Many of the restaurants in the area do not except children after 6 o’clock and this was not told to us by any of the travel agencies of the front and staff.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Noisy!,"Horrible stay! I checked in in 6/12 for one week and had to check out the next morning be cause of loud music from a wedding reception.  To make matter worse, I was lied to several times, ""Let me check on that music, oh, it will me over soon, It will be over at 11pm"".  No, I was awake past midnight after arriving in London that day. No sympathy from manager,  and I was overcharged. I cAnnot recommend this property!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice and historic,This is a beautiful hotel. Breakfast was excellent! The customer service was better than any I'd ever experienced in London. The staff remembered us by name the day after we checked in. They were genuine and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Essential Convenience,"Just returned from London and staying at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych.  First time at the property and was impressed.  Although the facade is undergoing a refresh it had no impact on my impression.  Check in was efficient and handled quickly and although my room as not ready, I had access to the exec club to kill some time.  In the end, only about an hour.  The room as ample, shower stall was great, hot water and rain shower head.  Bed was comfortable and a/c worked well and was very comfortable from a temperature perspective.  Plenty of lighting and electrical plugs to handle an array of needs.  So convenient to the west end theatre district and lots of restaurants; we ended up walking all over the city.  A definite return hotel destination.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff","Our stay couldn't have been better. We arrived early as we had booked an early train, not expecting to get into our room Helena the receptionist couldn't have been more helpful & pleasant, she checked us straight in to our room which was a bonus and the rest of the stay did not disappoint, we enjoyed every minute. There was a bit of an issue in the Exec lounge which didn't disturb us in any way but the Guest Relations Manager Julia was on hand to make sure everything & everybody were not affected. These staff are a credit to the hotel.  We have stayed a few times before & this time was just as good if not better than the others.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Vacation ,"This was a great hotel in a great location the heart of the theater district within walking distance to all the sites Big Ben, the palace , West Minister Abby .   Right around the hotel the district is full of pubs, restaurants and bars and fun shopping  Boutiques .  The hotel itself has all the amenities spacious rooms and very comfortable beds, and large bathrooms. The front desk and door men are very accommodating and gracious ,their morning breakfast is an absolute must is part of your room cost. Our first time in London and we only stayed 2 nights next time will stay longer. ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, friendly staff",The location cannot be beat! We were able to walk everywhere with ease! The staff was friendly and gave great advice when it came to getting around London. The breakfast was excellent and our room was nice.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An old gem,"Excellent stay on business and pleasure. The rooms are a little small (Euro standard), but the Executive Lounge is second to none. Very pretty old hotel and the staff is very accomodating. Bar is quite expensive. Construction was not an issue at all. Would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice hotel.","Location was great and provided easy walking access to London Underground.  Executive lounge was nice with breakfast and friendly, helpful staff.  Rooms were large.  Pull out couch bed is not so comfortable, even for children.  All in all, a nice hotel in great location.  I would book this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"It was the perfect location to stay at to explore the vibrant central London area. Clean and well appointed rooms, perhaps a tad restricted in size but adequate enough. The only reason I didn’t give it a full 5 star was because the view from our room was sad. We were in a “Queens” room on the first floor. We could only see some ladders / exhaust pipes sort of gadgetery at close proximity to the window sill and not an iota of sky. Directly in front was another window  perhaps of a room similarly appointed as us. This meant the curtains were kept drawn at all times making it a bit too dark. Apart from that, it perfectly met with our expectations and requirements. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great,"The service here was absolutely outstanding! The rooms were good size, especially for Europe. The location was awesome,  the Covet Garden Market area was wonderful. I would definitely stay here again!!!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Frequent traveller appalled by Waldorf London,The Waldorf London gets two things right - false advertising and terrible customer service. My superior room had a double bed and was clearly much smaller than advertised. There was no fridge working (as listed in booking). Bathroom floors were disgusting with hair from others.   I brought the issues up to reception - they offered absolutely nothing to resolve the issues. I’m a gold member and frequent traveller. Never been in such an overpriced and poor quality Hilton with such poor service. Will be finding somewhere else next trip to London. ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,"Almost invisible from the street behind the scaffolding for the facade repairs, but the inside is beautiful and the room perfect. Very quiet at night despite a central location... a short walk to several Underground stations and right in the Theatreland district.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Standard rooms are very cozy,"Stayed one night in early June 2019.    Good location, staff was excellent and they even sent me a bottle of sparkling wine  complimentary!  Unfortunately I was out late so I did not have dinner at the hotel nor did I have breakfast there.  Definitely one of my favorite hotels in London, among others :)",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay in london,"Loved the hotel however the sense of arrival lacks ambience. The staff is great once assistance was asked. Concierge team helped setup an all Day tour that was spectacular. If you are there on a leisure trip, it’s a great location. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,Do not let the remodeling reviews scare you.   I read some of the reviews and freaked out but reached out to the  property and they assured me we wouldn't have any issues.  They were RIGHT!  The service from the moment arrival was top notch.  We felt so taken care of.  PLUS it was our anniversary and they sent a piece of cake and a card to our room.  What a nice touch?  Great drinks in the bar (try the old fashioned - it's life changing) and wonderful service by Travis the server and the bartender.  Dan the concierge was great and sent us to FOMO which was a great small plate Italian restaurant.  Try the chocoloco desert drink - YUM!  The pool was nice and a great break from the hustle and bustle.  I really can't say enough.   Thank you Roshni Khuste for communicating with me…,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location & Style,"Excellent location walking distance to the heart of London, We stayed for our Anniversary and there was a nice touch in our room on arrival. Thank you to the hotel. Rooms are comfortable and modest size with all you need for your stay. Reception is friendly and very helpful and the facility to drop off your luggage on the day of check out for a few hours run around London before flight is a great service. Breakfast is super, lots of choice and fresh. At weekends open till 11:00 which is a bonus. Cant beat a sleep in after a night in the city. No noise issues to report in the room, we stayed two day and witnessed two weddings taking place in there grand ballroom what a fantastic room and the setup each day was first class. Wish we had an invite. Next trip to London we will return…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Class, Prestige, and Luxury. A stunning and historic hotel with a remarkable team.","I want to personally thank Rogier and the entire team at the Waldorf, London for making my stay extraordinary and incredibly memorable. It had been a dream of mine to stay at this property and after many times visiting the legendary bar and viewing the stunning facade, I finally booked a room. From the moment I reached out via email, I knew I was going to enjoy my time at the Waldorf. I had expressed how long I've waited to stay in this hotel and how much the history fascinated me in my note, and this was well appreciated. When I arrived, Rogier, the manager welcomed me personally. Taking time out of his day to tell me about the hotel. I felt very much like a VIP. The lobby is beautiful, the lounge, the staircase, Palm Court, every inch of this hotel is pure class.  My room was…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,CLASSIC CHARM WITH SERVICE BEYOND COMPare,"For charm steeped in it's historic personality equipped with all the contemporary amenities, you'll thank yourself for booking the Waldorf. Its beautiful decor coupled with a superior staff  insure your very personal stay not to mention the cozy bar and sumptuous breakfasts. Memorable with dreams of returning or never wanting to leave!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Call them selves 5 stars ,Visited for a couple of nights after being reccomended to come here by a friend. On check in the reception staff said our room wasn't ready. An hour later of waiting she said it was ready it in a very blunt voice. Then we used the lift and we got stuck. The door woudnt open on our level had to ring the bell and finally got sorted and got us out. Then we went to our rooms and the bathroom was filthly with hair in the shower from previous guests and the beds were not comfy and the room was hot and the AC was broke. Left the next day with the company refusing to give us any sort of refund. Shockinling disappointed ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed- not the quality stay you expect and pay for!,"We stayed for three nights this past week. At check in we watched others receive the room keys right away but were told we would have to wait since we didn’t have a standard room. Fine. We were told that we would get a notification when the room was ready but never received such notification. During the first night we realized that the AC didn’t work. We contacted the hotel staff and were told an engineer would be sent up to take a look. Saw no difference night two so I called again. Day three I called and said I would wait for the engineer. Engineer came and reset the AC, said if it still didn’t work in 15 mins I should change rooms. 15 minutes later I called and asked to change rooms and they said they would check and let me know. No call back but when we returned to the room…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing -  not up to standard,"For a 5* hotel The Waldorf really does have some work to do.  Some of the litany of issues during my short stay:   - Executive lounge packed during peak hours, plates not cleared, food/drink not replaced, no glasses or cutlery although staff looking at the empty area!    Some of the staff are from an agency (they told me).  I paid for an Executive room (not a Diamond/Gold free kick) so I expect to receive what I paid for.  - Minibar man hammered on the room door even though our red DND light was clearly on.    - Plate got cleared in the bar when I was still eating from it!  Enthusiastic maybe but clearly not correct.  - Laundry bag/face wash etc not replaced in room when had been used,  All in all it was a very disappointing 4 day stay and there are better places in London to…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Hotel From Hell,"Having previously stayed at this hotel and experienced very good service and well-manoered staff during my last stay, during my recent stay it was appalling in every aspect of hospitality and customer service. The hotel during my stay had two weddings being conducted during this period however the service and attitude of the staff were unacceptable. I tried to check into the hotel at 3 pm after some deliberations with the staff  I was told my room was not ready. I was offered a complimentary drink and my room would be ready in the next twenty minutes room 414. On my return to guest services, I was again told my room was still not ready. I was then given room 208. I asked if there was any difference between the rooms and the answer I was given was a blunt no they were the same. I…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very ordinary, lifted only by the staff.","First disappointment is the hotel is undergoing refurbishment and the front is fully scaffolded meaning that the rooms are effectively blacked out, no view whatsoever and we were not informed at the time of booking.  Our room was larger enough on the Executive floor but the decor, combined with the effective blackout was quite depressing, also combined with poor lighting and dated decor.  The “goodies” offering was poor for the standard and price of this hotel, no makeup removal pads, no vanity kit, no cotton buds, I am certain that they could be made available but you should not have to ask!  The executive floor offering was acceptable but there was no wow factor   Staff were friendly and helpful but overall verdict could do better!",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed.,We have stayed at the Waldorf on several occasions.  The recent four day stay was spoilt by the building work.  We paid a lot of money for our stay.  This comes with expectations.  No person acknowledged the work or apologised.  This work is necessary as everything is becoming rather jaded.  No reduction in hotel fee.  Instead we were were expected to pay for breakfast.  The first time ever.  The staff in the restaurant were very attentive.  The hot food could have been better presented and a customary comment apologising for repeated walking in front of one.  To cap it all when returning on Sunday evening from dining out we noticed the doorman sitting in the doorway of the local theatre smoking.  Not very professional and hardly showing your hotel in a good light.  The front…,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still giving 2* service in a 5* building ,"This was the second stay for my wife and I. Unfortunately the service was as variable and below standard as ever. The doorman is too busy flirting with any 20 something ladies to help anyone else by opening the doors when it is raining or carry cases up the entrance steps (which are steep and have no ramp option). The reception staff vary and this time check in was great (friendly, efficient and with local knowledge) but other interactions were frustrating (reporting the bathroom lock did not work got a grunt but no repair etc)  The shell of the building remains a homage to bygone times and is worth a visit but every other part of the stay could be in any 3*-4* Hilton but with less than the usual Hilton welcome or smile. The hotel is “on brand” so lacks the flair and unique…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary treat,Hotel very friendly clean and very welcoming very good location we went out for the evening came back the room had been refreshed and everything was beautiful.we went to bar at the end of evening bar staff made sure she took our order and in the background if needed .,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Event ,"First visit to London for an event at the hotel.  Disappointed to see a construction site upon arrival, however, the lovely Francisco made the welcome very pleasant!!  The welcome quickly diminished as Upon check in, reception, Olga R automatically assumed I was part of a staff and gave me a  room number which had nothing to do with me ... this room was staff packing bags and ironing...when she realized I was an actual ‘Guest’ of the hotel, she tried to ‘back track’ but it was a little too late... Olga needs to learn from real  5 Star professional Concierge from Rosewood and the Oetker Collection what 5 star service really is ... you should never judge people upon appearance and treat everyone with the same respect.  Very disappointed with her ... not great ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Worst ,"We spent a lot of money on our booking thinking it would be a special luxury treat at this world famous hotel but nothing could have prepared us for what we ended up with. First up, you can’t even see the grand exterior of the hotel at the moment coz it’s undergoing renovations. Secondly, the hotel is not welcoming to guests at all. More welcoming staff at budget hotels. Worst part though was the room. Smallest room I’ve ever seen. Literally just a bed and four walls with no room for luggage. We went straight to reception and checked out. Found a much cheaper room at Bankside Hilton across the river and it was amazing. Complete opposite of the Waldorf. Extremely disappointed with our Waldorf experience unfortunately ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"If you like theater or opera/ballet, this is the best location.",Excellent location for theater goers. Regular rooms very small; no drawers in room-you have to live out of your suitcase. Bathrooms spacious and nice. Staff friendly and helpful.  Fairly expensive.  Renovation work on facade in front is distracting.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dinner ,Monday night and it’s prize giving night with a lovely reception in the palm court and the three course dinner. Food and service was excellent though-out for the three hundred plus guests. Great hotel with lots of charm in really good location. ,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in Heart of London,"This hotel would normally get four stars since it is pretty top notch, however the facility is in need of refreshing.   Staff is absolutely excellent... solicitous and polished. Bedding and towels are very good and the place is clean.   The location of this hotel could not be better and the building is a gorgeous landmark.  The problem lies with the state of the facility. The finishes are worn, carpets are worn and dirty, floors unpolished, walls and moulding in need of paint and replacement.  The rooms are on the small size which is ok  But rooms also need a refresh.   Bathrooms are ok.   Overall, id stay here again but in would expect more from a hotel called Waldorf.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great staff and location,"We were very pleased with our experience at the Waldorf. Although this is not at the same level as another we have stayed at, the staff is wonderful! Our room was clean and spacious. Having a great staff and clean room makes all the difference in any hotel stay. There is only one bar and one restaurant but we spent most of our days out so this did not matter much. We were able to walk to most places we wanted to go to so location is very central. The scent they have in the lobby and throughout the hotel is very pleasant. I'd like to know what it is so that I can bring it to my home! I would stay at this hotel again the next time we are back.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great choice,"Smiling faces welcomed us and we had an excellent meal, even with a voucher. You could add from the a la carte menu too which was very flexible. Lovely food, beautifully presented, and excellent service. Delightfully genteel surroundings. Would recommend.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Time in London,"As a Diamond Elite member i get to stay in a lot of Hilton Hotels. This is by far the best I have stayed in from a customer service aspect. Every person was so nice and helpful on our first visit to London. The location was fantastic, close to public transport and a ton of pubs as well as Covent Gardens. I would highly recommend to anyone",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday,"Not bad but room could be better, for me it's like a 3 star but cost of a five star hotel.  Other then that it's ok. Food is good but as expected the price are a bit over priced and portions are small.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Covent Garden Location,This hotel is in the Covent Garden area and surrounded by lots of great restaurants. Also convenient to several tube stops for easy site-seeing. The outside is currently undergoing renovation but didn’t affect the stay in the room at all. Would stay here again when in London. ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of a kind,"This place is just simply remarkable. The service was astonishing, I’ve never experienced such good service. It’s in a great location and the hotel was in excellent condition and obviously the hotel has very high standards. We have already booked to go back! Thanks so much.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in London for 3 nights in May 2019s From the moment we arrived till the moment we left, it was a wonderful experience. Highly recommended! Great location! Fantastic service! Clean comfortable rooms!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,There are better choices in London,"I gave this hotel a second chance for one night, and shouldn't have done it. They messed up again. Only positive was the great breakfast, the location and quite room.  Not so good: Toilet didn't work 3 times, 2 times I fixed it myself, once I called house keeping. According to the colour of the carpet in front of the bathroom, it wasn't the first time that the toilet had an issue. I guess.  Also the TV control was missing, after calling house keeping I got it. As a HH Gold member I had to ask for the benefits, an upgrade was not given, though, hotel wasn't fully booked according to the reception. For almost € 400,-- the room was quite small, just a regular one.   When I complained at the reception about the 2 issues, they mentioned nothing was recorded in the computer, not my…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Family weekend at The Waldorf Hilton London,"Just returned home, from another amazing family stay at The Waldorf Hilton London, last May bank holiday weekend.  It was our second stay this year. We liased with Julia, the Guest Relations Manager, to finalise our booking, who was extremely patient. As we had a family of 8, consisting of our young twin boys and grandparents, we called ahead a few times to check on accessibility requirements. Diago was also very helpful and patient.  From the time we parked outside the hotel, the concierge team, approached the car to collect all of our luggage and our keys to park the vehicle, for us.   On arrival in the lobby, we met the reception staff and Chris the Duty Mgr, who we knew from the Exec Lounge on previous stays. Although extremely busy, Chris wasted no time, going the extra…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It was ok,"The hotel is nothing special anymore and their are modern budget hotels in London that achieve exactly the same, if not better standard of service . Concierge and reception staff were friendly and reacted well when our first room toilet smelt like it had been cleaned with a dirty mop. If you are traveling at the weekend, be aware that the pool closes at 1800hrs sharp and is sub contracted out from the hotel with its own staff who were unwelcoming on two occasions. In summary, I was relieved that it was only avios points as opposed to real money that I had spent.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff ,Stayed for a 2 night theatre break for my wife’s birthday. Perfect location for all theatres and Covent Garden markets and shops. Executive room was large and had everything you would expect.Nice touch by the hotel sending a bottle of Prosecco to the room. Door staff really excellent with luggage and directions .The executive lounge is small and in my opinion required an extra team member as the staff despite working hard could not clear tables and replenish glasses etc quickly enough to meet demand. Used the pool in the public gym below and it is small but adequate Overall an excellent stay.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in London,"We stayed for the night as we were meeting with some friends in London for dinner. It was our anniversary and there was a piece of cake in our room wishing us Happy Anniversary which was a nice touch. The room itself was fine - not very large but all amenities that you would need - including tea and coffee and biscuits. Nice bathroom with a shower over the bath (I prefer a walk in shower) but everything was clean and the bed was comfortable. This is in a great location for theatre land and Covent Garden itself (steps away) - so if you are coming to London for a theatre visit, I would say that this is the place for you. Staff very nice, check in and out very easy - all good.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","The hotel location could not be more perfect, in the heart of the West End / Covent Garden and just steps from great restaurants and shops. The building is well maintained given its age - unfortunately the front of the hotel was covered in scaffolding for a touch up restoration. Check In was smooth. Room was nice, we did have a junior suite so it was plenty spacious. Comfortable bed, large bathroom with both a bathtub and shower. Executive Lounge was nice but small - ran out of seating quickly. Staff was nice though sometimes they tried to clean the table before we were done (maybe to turn people more quickly). Turndown service in the room was nice, room cleaned very well. Overall a very pleasant base for our leisure vacation.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, smack dab in the heart of London!","Great experience at Waldorf Hilton.  Our room was on small side compared with modern hotels but that's to be expected in an old hotel.  The hotel was in excellent material condition, obviously well maintained.  The staff was super including front desk, concierge and the breakfast maître d'hôtel and wait staff.  However, the star of the staff was the doorman/bellman named Radier (or Robert?)  What a nice, friendly, helpful and cheerful man.  We'll always remember him.  The hotel location was about perfect, we could walk to nearly every popular site or get the Hop On Hop Off bus just a few yards away or take the river taxi's from Westminster Pier about 1/2 mile away.  We only used a cab once!  We highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is Grand, service is not.","Great location! A great Hilton property (style, character, etc.) A youngish staff who are eager to please. The problem is a haughty veteran management staff who does not embody their hospitality slogan ""We'll make it right!"" The most disconcerting moment was dealing with Ms. Roshni Khuste, the Front Office Manager. This woman took great relish in belittling me for the benefit of her staff.  Not the best way to put a positive spin on an overwise nominal stay (over an expense that was less than the ride to the airport.)  To make matters worse, she double charged me. Where I would have just eaten the expense, now I must spend more time disputing her reckless (and in retrospect, it felt her intent was malicious) charge. A veteran Bellman, Robert was extremely helpful throughout our…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely one night stay,"Central for theatres, right next to Covent Garden and good old fashioned service. Twin room was lovely, black out curtains so good we slept til 9.40am!!! Had afternoon tea which was very good (2nd visit for that). Everyone was very helpful and service 2nd to none. Do expect this hotel to be cheap.  You pay for what you get and it is in central London. I will defo go back.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short City Break,For the status and price of this hotel I was disappointed. The rooms are small and really nothing very special to any other hotel I have stayed at. The bar prices are very expensive. Location for the West End is great and the door staff are amazingly helpful.,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok but a refurbishment wouldn't hurt,Large and stately hotel in a magnificent location. Feels a bit outdated though and the front entrance could start a side-gig as a time-machine to go back to the 90's.  Staff very professional and quick. Breakfast was brilliant and in one of the most impressive breakfast halls I've ever seen.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor standards,"The reception charge your holding fee twice! There is a poor standard of housekeeping, which does not meet the class of hotel ! The bar staff overcharging for drinks ! The restaurant in the evening have poor service, cold and late food so late 30 mins after the rest of the table finished ! ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice stay, clean, Outstanding location","Facade under construction, so bit of an eye sore from the outside.  But very lovely interior, and no issues with construction noise from my room.  We were on the 8th floor - it was quiet but does require one flight of stairs to walk  up to room, once you take elevator to 7th. Very clean and comfortable. The executive lounge and homage restaurant for breakfast both great. Daniel the lead concierge was outstanding. Jacob at the Front desk was wonderful. ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Never been to this hotel and wanted to try it! Beautiful hotel and building, but service was very slow !! Waited over 30 minutes to be seated or for anyone to even acknowledge us even though we asked at reception and was just told to wait by the lobby bar. Afternoon Tea was nice but not worth the money",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stale and old,"This hotel is old, stale and dated. It is like a 1970’s house that instead of updating, it was just painted. And painted again and again. This hotel needs a complete renovation.  It may have been elegant at one time, but those days are long gone.  ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful and classy, great value","Hotel was beautiful and well appointed.  Staff was great and the bar and restaurant make you feel like you are in a time gone by.  They went over the top in the service category beginning with the guy who opens the door to the hotel.  Always a nice smell in the common areas.  Great location, I would definitely stay again.  Very classy and elegant.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,Stayed at this Hotel Many times before always been very good took my family there this wkend for 2 night celebrating my birthday we all loved it great location great service great rooms great food what more do you need you must try it on your next visit to London,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Visit!,"We stayed here just one night but wish we were staying longer. Our room wasn’t ready when we arrived but they gave us access to the Executive Lounge to sit and enjoy some snacks. It’s definitely one of the better lounges I’ve had access too, and the breakfast was great. The hotel is very close to Covent Gardens and all the West End theaters. I can’t wait to visit London again and stay here longer. Thanks for a great stay!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,.,"This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of London. Very nice and clean throughout. Staff very friendly and helpful. The gym well equipped, pool and wellness are enjoyable. Excellent customer service. Only one thing i can fault is the internet rate is high. Otherwise is an excellent hotel to stay.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,disappointing,"I stayed here over the bank holiday weekend for a break for one night the location was amazing around the corner from Covent Garden the room was nice we had a double room at £230 for the night, the reception team were slow and took ages to check us in.   I was very disappointed that we didn’t have a decent coffee in the room the options were Nescafe instant or decaf I’d never drink instant coffee especially not the red Nescafé one the cheapest and worse coffee out there, I’d experience this at their Hilton Brighton so I’m guessing they only provide cheep coffee.   I was also disappointed in the ‘spa’ which was a tiny steam room and sauna room that could fit no more than 2 people which was in the basement run by fitness first it was really dated and wasn’t letting off any steam …",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Experience A++++ Rating,"Amazing Hotel!!! I have stayed in many Hiltons and am a Hilton Diamond member. It is hard to wow me as I travel for a living. I came to this hotel with my family for our Holiday. The service in this hotel was beyond my expectation. Anton, at the concierge desk, was absolutely amazing and went out of his way to assist us with all our needs. Gill too helped us with our bags and was always there with a pleasant greeting.   We were fortunate to have access to the executive lounge where all the staff were extremely friendly and took pride serving us a great breakfast, afternoon tea and canopies with drinks for dinner. There was no need to dine out as the food was all encompassing and tastefully arranged. Bogumil was the associate who went out of his way daily to provide extraordinary…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea exceptional service,"Recently had afternoon tea in the luxurious surroundings of the restaurant. The tea involved limitless refills of sharpers! At no point from reception to the wonderful waitress that attended to us, did we feel uncomfortable or unwelcome, very member of the hotel staff greeted us with a genuine smile. Thank you for a fantastic experience!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,Stayed one night for theatre trip. Couldn’t fault service or facilities. Paid for lounge access which was very worthwhile. Very large range of snacks and drinks - all regularly topped up. Staff were friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay again.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best location,"Probably one of the best locations in the city, close to everything. Comfy beds, nice but smaller rooms. Breakfast is good, but for the price u might expect this. Check in check out was fast, recommended for business and holiday as well.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"Breakfast staff failed to notice that essential items were missing such as, plates, cups, food, drink. I have had better service at a premier inn.  On the plus side, the location was fantastic. Shame about the scaffolding around the front.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let down ,My fourth visit to the waldorf how I loved this hotel and now it has let me down checked in was given a small room on the seventh floor a very noisy floor noise from morning till night I spoke to reception who offered me another room but by then we had settled in and didn't want to move as it would have been too much hassle breakfast each morning was great had dinner on sat evening in good Godfrey s bar we both had ribeye steaks that was it as the waitress did not tell us that fries would be separate when we asked her she was quite tort about it we git over that the next evening before we went out we were having a pre dinner drink I had to ask a waiter three times for a glass of water even although he continued to serve other tables with water to top it all our room was not…,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A SLIGHT DISAPPOINTMENT,"Stayed for a couple of nights over the weekend. We arrived in the evening and were given a very small room in the 7th floor with only ""pothole type windows"" and camp ceiling. The room was clean and in good condition but was small and was not in the same class as we usually have in this hotel. The Hotel however is in a great location for Theatreland , covent garden Etc.  The staff were all very friendly and competent so I will return but insist on a better romm next time.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay in Covent Garden,"We really enjoyed our stay here on a family trip to London.  The location is fairly convenient as its a few minute walk to the Covent Garden Underground station.  Its a very lively part of town as there are a lot of shows, restaurants and in Covent Garden, lots of shops and street vendors.  We were not bothered by the lights or noise in the area.  Its right off the Strand which is a major street and a 15 - 20 minute walk to the London Eye which was very convenient.  All the major hop-on-hop-off buses stop a block away from the hotel.  The hotel is what you’d expect from a high end hotel.  We were expecting small rooms compared to the United States but they were modern, fairly spacious and clean.  The beds were very comfortable to sleep in.  They do offer 1 US outlet but have…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in Central London,"Unlike several other five star hotels in the locality, this hotel offers much bigger rooms. Excellent location. Very friendly staff. Food is good. Rooms were clean and linen is of good quality. More than sufficient lighting in the rooms. Friendly pricing. I would stay at the same hotel in future too.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Favorite hotel in London!!,"This was my third or fourth stay at the Waldorf Hilton and it did not disappoint.   The location is so convenient to the West End, Covent Garden and multiple tube stops.   It has easily become my favorite hotel in London!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf restaurant,"We went for dinner as a significant birthday celebration. The meal which was a set menu with an option to make selections from the a la carte menu at a supplement.  The food was excellent throughout.  Sadly surprisingly the service was poor from start to finish.  The lady at the front of house seemed intent on talking to one guest who seemed to want to impress his girlfriend about his travels while the member of staff was oblivious to a long queue waiting to enter the dining room. Service at the table was slow and lacked attention.  The other disappointment was the dress code.  Whilst the women were immaculately attired, the hotel did not set a standard for men,  many of whom were dressed in t shirts etc.  ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Too noisy 好大嘈音,"I back to hotel after my work around 7:30pm. At that time it still have a quite environment.around 9:30m, there are noisy music outside of my room. I check with the front desk is it a disco nearby, they said no disco but it is just a private event in hotel and that music will be stop around 10:30pm. Unfortunately, now it is around 1:40am. It is still keep on. So noisy, non-stop.  The most disappointed thing is their staff lying in me. The noisy is come from the street or nearby. 房間隔音非常差，不論是街上傳來嘈雜音樂聲還是走廊路人行過說話。最差的是酒店員工以謊言瞞騙客戶以作解決問題的方式。解說嘈音所酒店內event 而來，將會完結。但可惜嘈吵聲直至現在近凌晨1：40分還未完。  我對此非常失望。 不令人欣賞的服務態度。",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff,The hotel was in a great central location and has a great staff. The building is old and had great historic charm but has been updated and maintained well. The executive lounge access was wonderful and super nice to have access to the Nepresso machine. ,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay in London,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one night only in April 2019. The Hotel is very nice and all staff were friendly and helpful. We were told at check in that our room was not available till later and were we interested in upgrading to a better room for a charge of £30. We were also told that if we upgraded we would get entry to the Executive Business Lounge, we decided to upgrade and had a lovely stay. The room was lovely and there was a large walk in wardrobe which contained a fridge and mini bar. The bathroom was huge and was very tastefully decorated. We used the Executive Business Lounge for pre-Dinner drinks and Canapes and also took Breakfast there in the morning prior to checking out. The food in the Homage Restaurant was also very good. We had a great stay…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews, Small Island National Theatre Birthday Treat,Nice sized refurbished room with a leafy view. Excellent friendly and motivated staff. Lovely breakfast selection with an absolutely superb omelette station. Our new ‘go to’ west end hotel. Thank you Fazena and all the brilliant staff we met.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Marathon Weekend,"My husband was running the London Marathon. The hotel supplied fruit, water and a foot soothing product to the room which was a nice touch. They also had towels, fruit, energy bars and drinks before and after the race setup at reception. It was good to see the hotel making an effort to support the event.  We had a great stay.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top class,"Few hotels match my criteria for a long-term stay, but The Waldorf Hilton exceeded my expectations.  Everything, from the location and décor to the warm and professional service, make this grande dame hotel a truly lovely place to call home.  The staff at the Waldorf are a joy.  Always with a friendly greeting and a genuine interest in the guest.   So many people (too many to list) contributed to my enjoyable stay; those whom I met most frequently included Alexios, Bogomil, Costanza and Diogo in the exec lounge (the ABCD team!) and Sunny, Robert and Radek up front – thank you all.  A gym and pool are a hotel priority for me and the facilities here are very good indeed.  They are managed by a third party with outside membership, which actually works out well as it negates the…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel but tiny room and bed,"Absolutely loved the Hotel which was very welcoming, smart, comfy and classy.  However, sadly the room was tiny with a really small bed which didn’t lead to the most comfortable of nights. Although small it was very well furnished and had a very nice, but again small bathroom.  Had a very good breakfast and overall reasonably pleased with our choice. Maybe next time we need to spend more to get a bigger room.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friday night get away ,"My sister and I stayed at The Waldorf on Friday the 26th April as a Hilton Honours member benefit.  The location is fantastic for the London Theatres being in the centre of them all. We had requested a twin room but were allocated a (very) small double, however that was quickly rectified by reception. We were swiftly given a twin on the 7th Floor, room 733. Sadly we did not like the room. Although spotlessly clean, the only window in the room was like an old porthole that was buried so far into the wall you couldn’t get your head close enough to look out of it. We thought we had a skylight but once it got dark we realise it was an artificial light. The room was in the eves and getting out of the shower was very tricky without hitting your head on your left hand side. I’m only…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very solid experience at a fair price with a fantastic location,"In the past i've rented flats in London instead of hotels, but this time i thought i would try a hotel instead for my annual 10 day stay.  The Waldorf has a wonderful location in the theater district,ad most of the theaters are within easy walking distance.  The location is near the river and other attractions. the hotel itself is very comfortable.  The staff was very friendly in all cases.  My room was reasonably sized, modern and very clean.  I paid around $250 a night for 10 days, which i thought was quite reasonable all things considered.  I'll probably stay here again next year, which says a lot.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Sized Towels,The towels were large and fluffy and so were the robes. The shortbread cookies were also very delicious. The fresh honeycomb at breakfast was great. And the staff at the front desk was very helpful in getting us the connecting rooms that we asked for.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay In London,This place was wonderful and the staff were amazing. So friendly. I will be staying again. It is important to note that the breakfast is exceptional aside from one detail...the house coffee is extremely weak and without flavor. ,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Have stayed at The Waldorf a number of times, in February this year I stayed with my husband for one night then we returned at the end of March with our son and his fiancé whose birthday it was on our second day. Rooms as usual were very comfortable and staff very pleasant, particularly the gentleman in charge of the lounge bar (sorry I didn’t get his name). Breakfast at The Waldorf is always very good and on both our recent visits we were well looked after by Mary, a lovely charming lady. On our last visit it was my son’s fiancé’s birthday and Mary kindly brought her some cake with a candle and sang Happy Birthday with another member of staff, it was a lovely gesture and was a lovely start to our day.  When we return to London it will certainly be to The Waldorf where the…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, service and gym","I stayed here on business midweek. Having stayed in a lot of central London hotels (and this one is in a prime location by Covent Garden) I had pretty low expectations but was really surprised. The service all round was excellent, the room was cosy and the breakfast excellent. Best of all was the gym which was a proper gym (not a small room with some machines in) and had a small pool/sauna/steam room.   I’ll definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with excellent customer service,"Nice and quiet rooms. My son and I had rooms close to each other on 5th floor. I appreciated iron board, great service at breakfast, where my son got special hot chocolate with smiley face on top.  As my son played piano for the reception, Savvas helped wrapping the poster, so it was not damaged on the journey with tube, train and flight. It was perfectly fine at the end destination. THANK YOU.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth a splurge!,"If you are wanting to treat yourself for a few days in London, you couldn't do much better than to stay here. It's not cheap, but it's not the most expensive place in the area either. It is certainly the best in terms of comfort, staff friendliness, willingness to help. This is a grand old hotel in traditional British style. The environment is beautiful, and the location is terrific, especially if you want to see a show while you're in town. Breakfast is excellent, and unrushed, with  something good for everyone. It's only a few minutes walk from Covent Garden Tube station, many theatres and the Royal Opera House. There's a bus stop virtually outside the door. For a special occasion, treat, birthday or just for fun, give it a go. You won't regret it. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with great service,"My family of four had two rooms at the Waldorf Hilton London for two nights in February. The hotel is located in a great area, in the heart of the theater district . It's a short walk from the Covent Gardem Tube station. The rooms were average size. The English Breakfast buffet was awesome! The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. It was a very nice two night stay.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel with great service,"This is an impressive hotel. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable and make us feel welcome. Fabulous location for restaurants, shopping and shows - right in the heart of the theatre district.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good service,"Stayed here with my friends, booked a bigger room since we were 3 people together and that included the VIP lounge with breakfast in the morning, afternoon tea and light snack in the evening. The light snack is actually more like a tapas table, really good. So one of the evenings we had our “dinner” in the lounge. Wine as well in the evening is available. Rooms were good and service was excellent. The only thing is the pool/spa area, wasn’t the most modern.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Food never disappoints,I have eaten at the hotel several times and have always enjoyed the food. This is a great place to eat before going to the theatre. Also had drinks in the bar and they are reasonably priced. They do very nice cocktails.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Lovely afternoon tea, slow service let’s it down a bit (even though it was very quiet) and also lack of communication. When booking I had mentioned I was vegetarian and confirmed when we arrived however we were still bought all meat sandwiches except for egg, when we asked the waiter if they had more vegetarian options he seemed to have no idea.  However, food was delicious. ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge not big enough to cope with all guests,"We stayed in a family executive suite & on both Friday & Saturday nights there was nowhere to sit in the Executive lounge. No glasses for drinks & very slow service. Disappointing. Also the bar downstairs isn't big enough either to cope with all guests who spill out of watching nearby shows. We didn't actually manage to get a drink on Friday night. On a positive, all the staff were marvellous. Especially the lady who seats you for breakfast, friendly, chatty & helpful.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location Great stafff,"I will be back! Great place to stay when in London Amazing Staff Great property Smiles everywhere, from the doorman to the bartenders to the breakfast greeters. Rooms and bathrooms modern for this old hotel.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A week of theater in London,"I want to recommend highly the Waldorf Hilton Aldwych Hotel in London to travelers focused on enjoying London Theater.  We spent 6 nights there in early April 2019.   The accommodations were quite wonderful and the location ideal.  We opted for add-on “Lounge Privileges” as well as including Breakfast with the room charge.  We feel it was a smart decision  & a great value.    The afternoon tea - ( and great pressed coffee) included a variety of sweets, scones & baked goods, fruits, small finger sandwiches and snack.   There was ample time allotted - 2pm to 5:30.    At 6:00 pm the fare in the lounge included beer, wine, spirits, and a variety of sliced deli meats, cheeses, olives etc.    The desk staff, room & bell captains & concierge were so helpful in making recommendations &…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay at the Waldorf Hilton London ,"We stayed here in March. We enjoyed a King Jr Suite. My daughter slept on the sofa bed-which had its own separate space-and I in the bedroom. There were two closets, a small fridge, free bottled water, a safe, two TV’s, plenty of electrical outlets and a beautiful marble bathroom. We had a view of the pretty brick buildings on the street behind the hotel.   The Executive Lounge was perfect. Great breakfast, TeaTime and evening foods. The hotel location is perfect. We walked most places and it is very close to the Covent Garden Tube station. There are plenty of cabs available outside.    I cannot compliment the Concierge desk personnel enough. They have a handle on everything travel related. They contacted the tour company for us when our pick up driver ran a bit late. They…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Great Stay,"Enjoyed our five night stay.  Staff at reception were very good.  Once again, the location is great.  Buses stop in front of the hotel.  Underground stops are nearby.  Covent Gardens is literally around the corner.0",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,1 night stay,"My second stay at this hotel as I was seeing mamma mia, the theatre is attached to the hotel. I stayed 6th april, room 502. Basic double room. Lovely hotel. Arrived early,around noon, so waited in bar. I had paid £40 for early check in but it was not on my booking, luckily i had printed my email confirmation. I would receive a text message when room is ready. At 1.15pm i returned just to ask about my room, it was ready. 'Diego'? Checked me in. He was very helpful  and polite. Actually, all staff were very pleasant and helpful. There are 3 lifts so never over crowded. The room was lovely and clean. Bed a bit firm and quite high, but slept ok. Wardrobe housed the fridge, tea etc, no set of drawers for clothes. Bathroom was spacious and very clean. I could not find the hotel…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a Amazing Place to stay!,The Hilton and the Staff is Amazing  They have a Concierge group at the desk that is the best I have ever dealt with. I was in contact with the Concierge Desk 2 months before travel. Ahmed was great. He made our trip from the US to the UK very memorable.   The Entire Hotel Staff from the Doorman to the Breakfast greeters were so good and making you feel at home away from home,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Honeymoon Stint,"The hotel was clean and attractive. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location was best of all, and the primary reason we selected this hotel. If I get the chance to visit London again, I will definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired and dirty,Stayed here in a junior suite and will not return. Room was very shabby and needs a complete refurbishment. The bath was filthy and had not been cleaned. Also many of the surfaces had not been wiped. Carpets were not vacuumed and had numerous stains. One the plus side great location and staff were very attentive. Way overpriced for a poor quality room. Rest of hotel also seems tired and needs refurb.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A stressful but avoidable set of experiences!,"After much thought I have decided to share my recent experience at The Waldorf. My cousin kindly arranged to take me for one night's stay as a birthday treat, as I am currently undertaking hospital treatment for a serious illness. He, as a regular customer,  four days before we were due to arrive telephoned the Front of House Manger asking if she could make our visit special  and in particular give us a spacious room with two beds with a view from the front of the hotel. He has taken me previously and in the past the staff have kindly always made sure that our requests were met. The manager said she would do her best and noted that previously we had been in a particular room which she would try and secure again. My cousin clearly said that another similar room would be fine as…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Waldorf experience,"Great location ,great hotel excellent staff all round very attentive  Executive lounge well stocked ,good quality of drinks and food Rooms well maintained and looked after Good central location definitely recommend the Waldorf Hilton we will be back",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely afternoon tea,"We booked afternoon tea at the Waldorf for our anniversary on groupon and well I couldn’t have been more happy with the overall experience.  The staff were so friendly and completely understanding when I called to advise we were running late due to traffic.  The waiting staff could not have done any more to make our afternoon any better! Food was great, champagne was beautiful chilled and served.  I would 100% recommend afternoon tea here, you won’t regret it! ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice location but everthing else there is frosty...,"I have stayed around that area in Aldwych quite a number of times. It is one of my favourite locations when I am in London. It is a bit pricey but the sheer convenience of being near to a variety of places brings me back to that location time and again.  I decided to give the Waldorf a try. Other then its location, I did not enjoy my stay there.   When I checked in, the female receptionist checking me was nice and friendly. It was the only friendly encounter when I was there.  I booked an executive room. It was really chilly at night. I think the windows were not sealed properly and I could even hear a faint whistling sound when it got windy at night. I was freezing in bed for some nights. I did call the front desk but no one attended to it and I just left it.  The water heater…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly service - a great stay,"We have stayed here many times over the years, and we continue to be pleased with the friendly and personal service we receive.  Our breakfast was made especially memorable by Megan - so friendly, and she remembered us from a previous stay.  We feel like we’ve become friends!  Harley in the Premium Office made sure we had a great room and made our anniversary stay extra special.  Thank you once again.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always an affordable pleasure!,The Waldorf is well known as a top class hotel. We had a fantastic stay.  What many people don't know is that you can get significant discounts by becoming a Homage member. Call 020 7836 2400 and ask for Deirdre Nichols (mornings are best).,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Only to eat,"Only went in to eat as we had a deal from a web site, over all good value and very good food. The menu for the deal is a little limited but was good enough for what we wanted. I had the pork which was melt in the mouth, staff very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memorable stay,"My hubby and I enjoyed everything at Waldorf Hilton (3/28-4/01/2019)  The location’s unbeatable like Theatre District, Royal Opera House, and Covent Garden are just steps away, and the staffs are fantastic, all very polite, helpful and attentive.  Our room (#410) was spacious and quiet; the bathroom was nice and clean w/double sinks, and water pressure was good. (Btw, I see some speak ill about old features and wanna remind you that Waldorf Hilton is a classic establishment with a lot of history as it opened in 1908, so even after all the renovations, it still shows its age) As for Executive Lounge, although it often got busy, it was still a very pleasant retreat for us, thanks to wonderful staff who worked very diligently. They serve breakfast(7-10/11am), afternoon…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Stay,"The hotel made us feel very welcome from start to finish. From the front desk to the maid service, they went the extra mile for our anniversary which only enhanced our experience. The location of the hotel is ideal for any visit to London and great value.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs some refurbishment in places. Fantastic staff,"Visited the Waldorf on previous occasions, and been very happy. This most recent visit left me a little disappointed. I know it’s a huge hotel and can appreciate that the Maintenance in some of those places must cost lots. But in parts the Waldorf is in need of new carpets as in parts the carpets on the stairs were threadbare.  The bedroom was fine and had a comfy bed. The bathroom was clean, and bright.  The staff around the hotel from concierge to restaurant, bar staff were most friendly, and a pleasure to meet.  The breakfast buffet had all you would need, all items well cooked and fresh. The omelette station was lovely, tastiest omelette I’ve had in a while. Served with a smile  The location of the Waldorf is great. Just needs a bit of TLC",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely.. just lovely!,"We stayed here as we had tickets to see Tina Turner and it is basically next door.. ideal! The hotel is clean, comfy and welcoming. Robert in concierge was so friendly and helpful he made our stay! Thank you!",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in historic building ,"The hotel was nice, but the  standard was not completely as excepted. The pool area was shared with a outside fitness chain with lots of outsiders making less exclusive and quite. The breakfast was average. Major plus is the location and the friendly staff.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All about the money,"Booked two rooms for a family weekend away to see Mamamia. I think most people associate this hotel with the one in New York, that would be a mistake. On arriving at the hotel the first person to greet you is the doorman. A quick look down at his shoes was all you need to know that he probably dresses in  sports wear when he isn't on the door at the Waldorf. He's shoes looked like he'd got them out of a skip. Not. great first impression. The rooms were fine but the overall impression was that then staff's main objective was to make sure you had paid for your rooms rather than making sure you were happy with everything. The rooms were good value for money but the service was lacking and I would not stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Great service, Great property","We stayed here in February. Staff made us feel special upon arrival. We were in a rental car and there is ZERO parking. I stopped to drop off my wife and our luggage and the hotel staff had the bags up and in before they even touched the ground.  One of the few hotels that has an indoor pool in London, and the exercise room is an actual gym, in case your spouse is like mine, who says there is no vacation from exercise. Great location within London. We walked just about everywhere and felt right in the middle of where we wanted to be. Our room had some towel heaters in the bathroom, which were awesome, but I could not for the life of me figure out how to turn them on, and I was too embarrassed to ask the staff.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just what I wanted!,"The hotel I picked a year ago was disappointing. I am so glad we chose the Waldorf this time. On our prior trip, we were leaving Mama Mia and thought this hotel looked better than where we were staying, and I’m so glad we were able to stay there this year. Our room and bathroom were the size we’d expect in a typical hotel in the US, which was great. We had three people and did not feel crowded. The beds were comfortable, and the staff was great. We loved the breakfast in the beautiful dining room. ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Upscale Hotel,"A rather solid upscale hotel which still does not quite reach the full five star luxury. Review based on a one night stay in February (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: Well located “in the middle of action” with multiple restaurants, bars, theatres, museums and shops within walking distance. Busses go right next to the hotel, the nearest Tube station (Temple) is perhaps 300m away.   Room: Got a basic room at 2nd floor which was quite small even on London standards, basically just about enough space to squeeze between TV and the bed.   The room has been renovated not too long ago, didn’t see any stains or signs of usage anywhere. The décor was very standard, nothing really to write home about. The highlight of the room…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unlimited Champagne Afternoon Tea - Very disappointing,"We were really looking forward to a champagne afternoon tea as part of our daughters 18th Birthday celebrations but unfortunately we appeared to be sat on the ""Forgotten Table""  When we arrived the manager was on the telephone and we were just left standing waiting to be seated until eventually another staff member came over. After being seated we waited for about 10 mnutes until the same manager came over to our table and asked if we were being served. He then came back and served us each wih a glass of champagne. A very nice waitress then came over and explained the afternoon tea menu to us and returned with a small number of sandwiches on individual plates explaining she would bring more sandwiches once we had eaten those. We drank our glass of champagne and when my husband…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well done Hilton,The hotel staff is upmost premium quality. You feel worshipped and at the center of attention. Great experience. The hotel has an old but luxurious interior. Would recommend this hotel to anyone!!!!!!,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,I had a 3 night stay as part of my work conference in January.  Just a beautiful hotel.  My room overlooked Aldwych and I thought it would be noisy with the traffic but the room was well sound proofed and I didn’t hear anything.  Lovely toiletries provided in the bathroom.  The buffet breakfast had a fantastic selection.  All in all a lovely stay.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A  memorable experience,"From ariving and walking into the wardolf everything was perfect everyone was attentive, checking we had everything we needed,friendly but not over so ,All staff wish you a happy day and some inquire with interest where you ve been or what you re doing.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas Day,I visited the Waldorf on Christmas Day with my husband and two sons for dinner and it was absolutely fantastic. The food was delicious and the staff friendly and efficient. I haven’t been to the Waldorf for a few years but it has been refurbished and it has been brought back to life. We will definitely be going again when back in London.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea ,"Had a Groupon voucher for the champagne afternoon tea at this lovely hotel.  The staff were all lovely and couldn’t do enough for us. As it was my partners Birthday they put in a little extra at the end of the afternoon tea.  The food was well presented and lovely,and unlike other afternoon teas we’ve had before,there was more than enough of it.  All in all a really lovely experience. Would recommend it to anybody. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,March Spring Break Trip,This is amazing hotel! Great location and most of all the staff! From the doorman whom has been there for over 12 years welcomed us into the hotel! We had a long flight from the US and was exhausted! Our room was ready before the check in time which was a breeze! Sonny helped us get our things to our room and showed us around the hotel!  Our room was a king executive suite with an extra bathroom which was nice for our teenage daughter. We are not in our too much but plenty of space for the three night stay. We had access to the lounge that had great options for snacks and drinks. The attendants were great and always do welcoming! We enjoyed the breakfast buffet that had a great array of choices and we filled up on breakfast to start our days of sightseeing! The concierge helped…,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and great service!,"A stay at The Waldorf Hilton London is always a lifestyle expereience. Such a wonderful hotel at a great location to spend time with friends and family or for business. The positive welcoming team spirit is felt from the door/concierge, the reception/executive lounge, through to the bar/restaurant and  the ""Parrot"" bar with thier amazing cocktails and life music.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Good, The Bad & The Ugly!","This place is a mixture, The Good, The Bad & the Ugly! The Good: Obviously the history, efficient check-in and friendly staff. The room was also very reasonable in comfort and size considering the location. Dinner was excellent in terms of the quality of produce and cooking. The food is a tad pricey but no more than was expected. Waiting staff were perfect - a mixture of attentive but not overpowering. The Bad: Whilst I'm happy paying for quality food & service £14 for a Vodka & Tonic, nice location or not. Also chose a room on the 8th Floor identified as a ""quiet room"" which it certainly wasn't. A windy night admittedly but rattling windows all night not good. Also quite what was going on from 7.15 on a Sunday Lord only knows. The Ugly: Both the Dinner & Bar Bill had a service…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top stays,"I spend several nights in London most weeks. This is for work purposes. What a difference it makes when you stay somewhere completely wonderful. What makes the Waldorf in Aldwych standout is the service, from Ben at the door to Daogo in the lounge. Going the extra mile and then some, and I’ve only stayed here recently, (I was missing a trick) but Daogo not only remembers I need gluten free food, but has it ready in case I come to the lounge! This was after about 1 or 2 stays. Needless to say this is 9 and counting already, quite exceptional. Rooms, food and location make this unbeatable.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely old hotel,Perfect for taking in a show. Comfortable. Exceptional staff. Great pool and gym. Exec club welcoming and well stocked. Bed nice and firm. Bathroom well equipped and has a double ended bath. Can’t complain about anything so far.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for business,"London is quite expensive place and rooms are everywhere small. No exeption here. The location is very good just walk away Goventgarden. Ofcause this is not new but well maintained. Noting fancy what you will get in Asia, butvgood service. Anyhow one star out due the price vs. Expectation.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Celebration,"I had booked The Homage restaurant for my Uncle's birthday celebration!  Even at booking stage which became alittle complicated,  the service provided by Jessica, was fantastic, as she arranged the reservation, even though it looked as if they were booked that evening.  We arrived early and went and sat in the cosy bar area, for an aperitif.  On arrival, at the restaurant, the service was excellent and the food superb.  They topped the evening off with a birthday cake, which rounded the evening off perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant for the lovely ambience, excellent food and personable staff.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great night away,Superb and attentive service. Nothing seemed too much trouble. Extra staff instantly appeared at the first signs of a line starting at checkout. Nice size room and very comfortable bed. A real treat. Good buffet breakfast. Ask for a Cappuccino - you will be in for a treat ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantasic amazing hotel,"This hotel is truly amazing not only for it's location,for it's known  luxury but most of all it's excellent customer service, we was taken care of from the minute we checked inn and through out our stay it was 5 star service from the staff at the hotel, the room was fanatsic we stayed in and breakfast is amazing also plenty of selection to chose from",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,I received a theatre trip and stay at this hotel as a birthday gift. At check in we were given a voucher for 2 complimentary drinks from the bar. In our room was a birthday cake and when we had a meal in the restaurant we again were given a birthday cake!! Fantastic hotel and staff and a very enjoyable stay. Thank you all,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Delightful Afternoon Tea,From start to finish the customer care was at a very high level. We had a voucher for Afternoon tea and were shown to our table and the service was quick and efficient all with a friendly smile. Sandwiches were lovely and were replaced as quickly as we were eating them. Cakes and scones delicious also. Right up there with the best of Afternoon teas I’ve ever experienced. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Magical stay,"I can't fault the amazing service that we recieved at this hotel. From the moment we arrived, we were made to feel like the most important guests there. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble. Manfred at the front desk  looked after us for our entire stay. Everytime we thought he couldn't do any better, he did! The suite was beautiful, the service outstanding and the location ideal. I hope that we get the opportunity to stay in this fantastic hotel again one day. See you at the wedding Manfred 😘",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Happy Family weekend,"We have just returned from a weekend break.  the Hotel is fantastic, however what makes this place is the staff who don't just go the extra mile they go the extra 100 miles.  every member of staff made you feel welcome and valued and genuinely wanted to help.  My son is 5 and is very inquisitive and likes to know what everything does and how it works. All of the staff took time to talk to him and made him feel special. The doorman who was on both days ( I did not catch his name but he worked till 4 on sat and Sun) and the lady who seats you at breakfast should be singled out for particular praise rarely do you see staff as nice as these two.  when we went out the doorman was clearing the path with leaves and let my son play  with the leaf blower. it may not sound much but he…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""My preferred London Hotel""","Once again I stayed at the Hilton Waldorf at the end of January and and in mid February.  On both occasions I was very comfortable and was welcomed in a personal and engaging way.  Because of some business meetings I need to attend in various parts of the city, 4 or 5 times a year, I try to get into the Waldorf. The bathrooms are excellent and the bedrooms may vary in size but they are very comfortable indeed. The location is also quite convenient to the various business premises I visit and the Tube at Covent Garden is handy.  There is also a great atmosphere in Covent Garden and always something going on there. The Executive Lounge is comfortable and the food and beverage offering is generally good too. The staff are very friendly and helpful and Hilton Honors members are most…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Without a doubt..,"..the nicest hotel I have EVER stayed in in London! The room was spacious with silent climate control, beds were firm but pillows deliciously squishy and the decor was on top notch condition. The cocktail bar was alluring with the choice available and the food at the Homage was excellent value and delicious  at £27 for 2 courses.  But where the hotel excels is with regard to the staff. From checking in  with Nicola , to leaving , ALL staff were pleasant welcoming and friendly- a credit to the Hilton name. Loved our 3 night stay here- it felt like home from home. We will definitely be back! ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,Very good location. Nice clean suites. Room service needs to be upgraded a bit both in portion sizes and selection of the food. Not much consideration for vegans including a simple soup and vegan spread. A bit noisy.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely rooms, but terrible sleep on 2 out of 3 nights","Very smart hotel, with a very comfortable room, well appointed bathroom and very comfortable bed.  Issues with noise from a party that kept me awake - the hotel should put the party guests closest to the party and other guests much further away.  Also, problems with phone - started flashing in the middle of night, hotel said problems with its voicemail system, so another bad night’s sleep.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spectacular location for a quick weekend,"Room As I was traveling with a couple buddies, we each wanted our own bed so we went ahead and got a larger, two queen room + a rollaway (195 GBP/Night before tax). Room was a great size being more comparable to a standard US hotel room, clean, and comfortable. Bathroom shower was a little awkward as it was extremely narrow but, other than making the floor a little slippery, this was only a minor annoyance.   Location For a quick weekend trip from the States, I have only positive things to say about the location of this hotel. We were a quick walk to the Tube for our longer journeys or a 20-30 minute walk to most sights.  This hotel was accessible, felt safe, and was right in the middle of the action. Even when we Uber'ed, it felt like the Ubers were there before we could get…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay on London,"What an amazing stay at the Waldorf Hilton... The team lead by Guy Hilton, the General Manager, is always trying to make it right.  Stunning welcome at the door, so many advices on places to go... Thank you Daniel, Sunny, Anton... Personalized welcome at the reception and follow up with Roshni, the breakfast experience was also full of warmth and the food delicious, very well orchestred by Megan, Mary, Theresa and the rest of the team. Super cocktails from Murillo and Max, and Daniele, Andrea and Ana at the Parrot will create fun for you. Can only recommend if you are going to London. The housekeeping team was also never to be faulted, please keep it up!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, value, style","I have to say that i expected faded grandeur but instead i found a well presented, lovely hotel with great staff in a brilliant location... For a really reasonable cost. ... I've typed up a review then somehow lost it.. So apologies for a briefer retype!  We experienced a good welcome (doorman to reception). A complimentary room upgrade was fab. Room good. New and large tv. Comfy bed and quality linen. Even a view to the BT Tower. Bathroom a little dated but good size with great towels and toiletries. Evening service of rooms a good touch for a quality hotel. Exec lounge good but could benefit from refurb. Good selection of foods and booze... And decent afternoon tea.  Location wonderful.  Value wise - excellent... We will be back.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Old hotel, good location","Stayed here for 2 nights and while the location is great for visiting, the rest of the hotel rather disappointed me: - Tiny elevators, which were not always functioning well - The room itself was extremely dark with a view on the wall (and it was a superior room!) - The furniture old and the entire decor outdated - The door to the lounge was not working properly + The bathroom was of good size and has been renovated + Buffet breakfast options were quite good",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"I'd like to mention Theresa who served us afternoon tea. She was wonderful, polite and gracious with good humour.A lovely member of staff.  I purchased a Wowcher and my only gripe is that it was not clear that there were added extras such as £5 per person surcharge and a service fee. Although £15 may not be much to some for a very pleasant afternoon out, I feel it should be up front and transparent.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,There is nowhere better - PERFECT IN EVERYWAY,"We were married here exactly a year ago today. Everything from the first phone call through to the wedding was simply A*+ service.   This week we have returned to stay at the magical Waldorf Astoria for our one year anniversary. There are simply not enough words to explain how phenomenal this hotel is.   The glorious classy entrance, the modern chic interior, the phenomenal service. Vladimir was the organizer of our wedding day and he ensured we not have the typical ‘things go wrong’. Every tiny detail was perfect. As we return a year later we are greeted by Vladimir. A warm and friendly smile, a professional and kind service. He quickly greeted us, arranged a upgrade of the room, a wedding breakfast and sorted the valet parking. As a multi business owner and business coach by…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A disappointment,I feel the Waldorf no longer deserves a 5*rating. The bed was so hard I had the worst nights sleep in a long while. The staff have to be reminded to bring nuts/olives with drinks.The breakfast (I ordered eggs Benedict of a la carte menu @£6.00 extra) this was not how this dish was supposed to served the poached egg was hardly cooked and the muffin hadn't been toasted at all and was barely warm. Had brought friends with us so I found this stay not up to scratch. The biggest plus the hotel has is its proximity to the theatres. I feel I will be looking at different hotels in the area for future theatre weekends.,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great way to spend Valentine's week,"So glad we decided to upgrade our choices of Hotels and discovered all that we were missing from past trips.  The waldorf made our stay memorable, the staff was receptive and helpful to all our needs.  The Homage restaurant was amazing, especially Jeremy our waiter who looked after us every evening. Look forward to our next venture to London.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Week-end waldorf,"Beautiful weekend at the Waldorf. They have just started their new program towards guest experience wearing and sharing  lovely pins, phenomenal team and outstanding service. Special touches at the restaurant with Yoandry, Jeremy, Filippo who made us feel special with great personalized approach. Would like to thank Xavier too.  Highly recommend....",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT PLACE TO STAY, ESPECIALLY WHEN AT ALDWYCH THEATRE","Went to Tina Turner musical and stayed at Waldorf. FABULOUS VENUE. On arrival had the afternoon tea in a grand room. Sandwiches and cakes fabulous, upgraded to a nice champagne and speciality tea also very nice. Waiter was SUPERB and, as he promised he would, he looked after us admirably at breakfast the next morning too. Can't remember his name but he is a charming chap who has worked at the hotel since 1998, has a moustache. Room was also very nice and all other staff we encountered during our stay were helpful, polite and very warm and friendly. Can't wait to stay again.  Bed superbly comfortable and shower the tops too.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend Away,"Had a really lovely weekend staying in The Waldorf. The staff really did everything they could to help and to make you feel welcome. Our room was beautifully presented and the beds were really comfortable, there was nothing in the room which I felt could have been finished better, nothing was marked or worn but there were a few bulbs out but that’s not exactly an issue. Breakfast spread was brilliant and really set us up for our days out and I have no complaints here!   The reason I’ve given four instead of five, and I would have given four and a half, is because I did find myself comparing The Waldorf to The Savoy. In The Savoy there is much more of that ‘special’ feeling and everywhere in the hotel is flawless including public spaces where in The Waldorf I did notice that…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Historic building but many things could be better,"Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The building is a historic well located building. I had a room on the 2nd floor giving on the inside with no view but the room itself was ok only lacking a few toiletteries.  My main concers were the following:  - The housekeeping is a mistery for me, i left my room at 10 am and came back at 4pm it wasn't done yet. I called housekeeping and they replied that they room around until 11pm to service rooms... that's a first for me...  - Breakfast was very average it was a pure english breakfast which i don't fancy at all as i also don't eat any pork. Sweet options like pancakes/waffles were sometimes not seen or seen but not replenished and were cold. The choice could be much better but i guess the hotel customers like their english breakfast. The…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Hotel,"I stayed at this hotel years ago, many times in fact, however, this visit was exceptional - the attention to detail and consideration by all staff was second to none. The manager, Guy Hilton, ensured our stay was a memorable one as it was my daughter’s 21st Birthday during our stay. Over the years, I have never experienced such a professional and considerate manager and I will be recommending this hotel to my friends and family.  I would also like to mention how helpful and kind Julia Fumagali (Guest Relations Manager) was. Her attention to detail was outstanding. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful, faultless stay","We stayed here at the weekend with our baby, as a birthday treat from my husband. I was a little worried about how the whole trip would be with a little one but we needn’t have worried. Staff were so welcoming and friendly, room (junior suite) was spacious and lovely. Huge bed, amazing bathroom and as you would expect, everything was spotless. We were on the 6th floor at the end of the corridor and it was nice and peaceful!   Check in and out was quick and efficient, breakfast was fantastic - so much choice and excellent service from all members of staff. Everyone went out their way to speak to us and our little one.   The Cot-bed provided in the room- it was rock hard and our baby had a terrible sleep on or first night however in the morning I asked for additional blankets…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good food,Good food. Good service. Nice atmosphere. Food was lovely and waiters were friendly. Lighting inside the restaurant could be more brighter so you can see what you are eating!! But overall I would recommend a nice evening out. You won’t be disappointed ,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surprise Anniversary Celebration - Excellent All Round,"It began with a wonderful welcome at the door and then reception - we were expected ‘Happy Anniversary’. (The Manager from Gatwick Hilton - true to her word, thank you). This was a greeting we received a few times. Attention to detail ...  The difference between good service and excellent service is gracious, kindly attention, which began and carried on throughout our stay. Changing rooms for an accessible one was no problem. The lovely concierge, Mikhail, had quite a time finding us in our new room, he brought our bags as well as unexpected gift of card, champagne and tray of goodies. What a lovely surprise.   Our weekend began well and continued throughout making this a very, very special trip. Again, each encounter with staff was generous, good humoured and mindful ... only…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor service with regards food","As I said it’s a great location, we went to see Mamma Mia and the theatre was next door. Greeted professionally, check in and room good. The only thing to let us down was the food. Dinner service was slow, and took us 10 mins to be offered drinks. And never asked again. For desert we had to wait 30 mins and chase the food. Given one desert was ice cream and the other two would have taken minimal preparation. Breakfast, good choice but the English breakfast was all like warm, not what you’d expect from a hotel of this standing. So very disappointed.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebrations ,We stayed for 2 nights as a birthday treat for my husband and we weren't disappointed.  The room was lovely and very comfortable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a little disappointing as expected table service for the cost and was self service. Overall a wonderful experience. Location was fantastic for the theatre and Covent Garden.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dispointing experience - extremely scented lobby,"As soon as you step foot into this beautiful lobby, you’re hit with an terribly overwhelming scent of some kind of cinnamon air freshener. It was truly horrible. The staff was friendly, but they were disorganized. The rooms were clean, but dated. The breakfast was expensive for a buffet, and the options weren’t that great. The servers were non existent, getting a cup of coffee was painful. Once I finally got coffee, I asked the server for a glass of water and was told to go to the buffet to get it. Which is fine, but then the table behind us was getting cocktails and wine brought to them, they special ordered omelettes from the buffet... how does that make sense? I was rudely told to get my own water and they are getting 5 star service? I was so thrown off. Key to stellar…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a fantastic place great staff ,Only been here half a day but had to write this now so I could thank all the staff at reception and in the lounge in fact everyone has been so nice and the building is beautiful if your in London try it you will not be unhappy came for my birthday ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Vacation.,"If you go to Waldorf London, you will fall in love with the executive lounge, the morning breakfast and Mihai’s perfect smile. In the same time he’s so friendly, professional and helpful. Thank you Mihai for the wonderful memories.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendliest Large London Hotel,We stayed for one night and had a twin double room on the 7th floor.  Considering we were on The Strand the hotel room was extremely peaceful and quiet.  The room had every facility we required and was exceptionally clean.  The room was spacious for 3 of us with an equally spacious bathroom and twin sinks with both a bath and shower cubicle.  The beds were very comfortable and insured a good nights sleep.  The concierge staff were extremely helpful and friendly from the moment we arrived to the moment they said goodbye on the steps.  Each member of staff couldnt do enough to help us and their service and friendliness was impeccable.    We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea!,"We booked afternoon tea in December and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  I can honestly say it was the best afternoon tea I've had in London. The two waiters were very friendly, they were attentive but didn't rush you and were happy to keep our glasses full! The food was fresh and very nice. The cakes were of a Christmas theme which was nice. I couldn't moan about anything and will defiently go back. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always special,"We are always booked in here by my husband's employer when we attend an annual ball at the nearby Savoy, and it is always a special experience.  The staff are all lovely.  The bar is small, expensive, but  has a great atmosphere, we always love to sit at the bar and compete with the bartender on gin knowledge.  Beautiful cocktails too.  The rooms are clean and a good size, a little dated but adds to the character.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip.,"Wonderful two days spent at this hotel. Our daughter bought us a nights stay for Xmas and we decided to add on another night as we intended going to a show and visiting various sights including the Tower of London. The location is excellent for the many West End theatres. We were extremely well looked after on arriving at reception by a lovely lady by the name of Marika ( hopefully that’s the correct spelling). We had inadvertently left a bag in the taxi from Paddington with all our Travel documentation etc., Marika was so helpful and sympathetic to our situation and assisted in arranging the safe return of our bag, all in all a wonderful experience at this charming hotel and one which we will be repeating in the not too distant future.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed just the one night after coming to London for a show - 3pm check in, but you are welcome to leave your luggage and enjoy London.  Very friendly reception staff.  We were allocated Room 632.  On the face of it - a very small room, but when you took into account the main part had just the bed in it (king size) with two side cabinets, a small desk chair and an easy chair it was on the small side.  However on the plus side it had the lobby area with a very sizeable wardrobe, complete with all amenities you would expect - A mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities and a safe. The bathroom with shower over the bath, lots of large fluffy white towel, robe, slippers and lovely smelling toiletries.  For one night it was perfect.  Bed was uber comfortable, lovely and clean.…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff & Brilliant Atmosphere ,"Stayed here for a few drinks in the bar, the lobby has a lovely atmosphere & the staff were very friendly and attentive throughout!  The fitness facilities are excellent and the room was very clean and spacious throughout our stay. The 5* standard is there. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Valentines Meal,We booked a table for Feb 14th for their Valentine 5 course special !  We arrived a little early and chose to have a drink in the cocktail bar.  We were then seated at 21.30. We found the decor in the restaurant to be rather dull and dreary and was not what I expected at the famous Waldorf Hotel.  We were served our 1st course and complimentary cocktails. We had to ask to see the wine list as wasn’t offered any further drinks ! We ordered a bottle of Champagne and had to ask for an ice bucket as the waiter said he would keep it behind the bar in the fridge !!! Our 2nd course was then served with our 1st course plates still on the table !! The waitress then placed our 2nd course on another table !  We were then served the further 3 courses and on the whole the food was pretty…,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Stayed for a Saturday night to see a local show. Made very welcome by reception staff. Room was spotless and bed lovely. Breakfast very good but did have to chase for our tea twice. Would recommend the bar, pricey, but great for people watching. The location is excellent and we walked to Covent Garden, dinner and the show. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service recovery at its finest ,"Nicola, the duty manager has deliver more than exceptional service! When our room was slightly delayed due to a busy day from housekeeping, she personally went out of her way to ensure me whole experience as a guest within your hotel was not only problem free but fantastic, she is more than a credit to your team!!!",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"We decided to visit the Waldorf for afternoon tea as close to the theatre we were going to that afternoon, It was £72 including £8 service charge ,which personally I find a bit too much. But the waitress Mary who served us couldn’t have been more helpful, asking if fillings in sandwiches was not too our liking we can change it , and asking if we wished to have more tea or more sandwiches, now I know you get this in most hotels that serve afternoon tea but they don’t always ask if you require more. I would definitely recommend the afternoon tea .",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,Good selection  Sandwiches first then The cake stand with cakes and warm scones  Tables nicely spaced and staff very friendly and helpful. Mary was our main server. Seconds on sandwiches if you need. But would be surprised if you do.  Good selection of teas. I can recommend The Lady.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton Review ,"The moment you walk into the hotel you’re greeted by a friendly porter and then enter the hotel reception. The hotel smells clean and fragranced from the moment you walk in, the check in is very fast and the receptionist very friendly. Fresh lemon water is also on offer at the reception desk.  The rooms were very clean, comfortable and the bathroom had both a bath and shower. You could also listen to the tv from the bathroom through a speaker which was attached, which was nice.  There was a mini fridge and tea and coffee making facility provided in the rooms. Along with an ironing board and hair dryer.  The room service menus were available to read on the TV, there was a large range available and a 24hr menu was also available.  There was a Snow White themed afternoon tea…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay right in the center of downtown,I stayed here for two nights using my Hilton Honors points. The hotel is very clean with friendly and attentive staff. The location is great as there are several bus stops nearby plus close access to theaters and the tube.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Snow White Afternoon tea,"The food was all fine however was completely different to both the pictures being shown to advertise the event and the menu provided on the table!. Its clear that since the event has been extended items weren't available and it now has a bit of a thrown together feel about the experience.  The food had nothing to do with the theme, the few items on the menu that would make it themed had been removed, apart from the apple mousse, however the pictures of the apple from other guests are very different to what we received. (again The attention to detail has completely gone)  Felt very ripped off that we had received a clearly under par experience for the same cost. Would have just booked the cheaper Waldorf own afternoon tea had we have known.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Is this the worst breakfast in London?,"What a let down was having breakfast here.  The lady ignored me at the entrance while chatting to her colleague.  She was more interested in what her friend did the previous day than looking after me. Once seating down I found a dirty mug and waited ages for coffee during which the elderly waitress was hiding behind the pillar. Stewed lukewarm coffee, no teaspoon. What a disgrace.  The bain maries were empty, only some rubbery bacon with the fat turned yellow.  Picked a plate up and found dried egg yolk in the rim underneath. Staff running around like headless chickens avoiding eye contact while the queue was nearly reaching the cocktail bar off the lobby.  Not very Waldorf.  Management should evaluate level of service customers are getting. Embarrassing weekend breakfast, never…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,MR HARLEY ROBERTS,"I have met people from all over the world on my travels.But i can honestly say that Mr Harley Roberts is the most professional person i have ever spoke to over the phone.My wife and i have joined the Hilton club that is run by Harley.There was no questions that we asked that not answered.We agree that this could be the best club that my wife and i have ever joined,and look forward to a long relationship. We have stayed at the Waldorf before ,but look forward to our new perks .",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location and staff are remarkable,The staff at and location of Waldorf  were the two highlights from our first trip to London. I have already made plans to return. The pool and gym were nice additions to the property’s amenities. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good value for what we paid.,"We used to stay in this hotel many years ago and it was a firm favourite of ours in London.  However, times have changed and it no longer feels like the luxurious hotel it once was. There is a lovely bar area, where we sat in the afternoon and had drinks before going out in the early evening.  However, when we returned in the late evening around 10.30pm there was absolutely nowhere to sit, so we ended up leaving the hotel in search of a bar elsewhere. The room was rather chilly when we checked in so we turned the heating up and by the time we returned after dinner, it was a much better temperature.  However, there was no heating in the bathroom and the floor tiles have no under-floor heating, so it was really cold. There was a long queue for breakfast in the morning, so we ended…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Go somewhere else,"Really not up to scratch for this day and age. Dated decor, seedy entrance, and a very jaded feel. I hate to be so rude but it’s a waste of money. The hallways were filthy and lifts not working. Breakfast was a joke. Need I go on? ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Weekend Treat,"Spent a really lovely, special weekend at the Waldorf. We were looked after by Paulina on the Reception Desk and she was amazing, She was very attentive and nothing was to much trouble.when locating a lovely room for us. We had booked breakfast which was varied and plentiful and was located in the beautifully ornate dining hall. Cocktails in the Hotel's Lounge Bar is a lovely way to relax at the end of the night too. The hotel is in a very central location and we walked to Queen's Theatre to see the fabulous Les Mis on the Saturday evening, and completing for us a very enjoyable break.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First-class hotel in great location,"We have recently returned from a weekend in London to see Tina Turner the musical and cannot believe that the hotel we booked was next door to the theatre!! The hotel was perfect and exceeded all our expectations. I was travelling with my mum and 2 sisters and we were able to book one room for the 4 of us (2 x double beds) the staff were very friendly and the room was clean and fully stocked with water and toiletries. I would highly recommend booking the breakfast which was just delicious and had everything you could think it. I cannot see how anyone could complain about this hotel, will definitely return.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not sure hotel is 5 star,"My daughter and I stayed here last night.Hotel in excellent location, courteous staff,good choice of well cooked food at breakfast although had to queue to get in. Our room however was disappointing,heating fine in the bedroom but really cold in the bathroom,heated towel rail didn't work, no mini bar,the 2 bottles of water that were in the room on arrival had disappeared when we returned after visit to the theatre! A better selection of teabags would have been appreciated ,would have been nice to have more milk too.Comfy beds. A welcome book in the bedroom would be nice to be able to browse through the hotel's facilities",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really lovely hotel ,"We have just stayed here at the beginning of February and had a really lovely stay. We were on the 8th floor in room 803 with a fabulous view of the London Eye from one window and the Royal Opera House from the other. The room and bathroom were decent sized.   We had access to the executive lounge and used this both in the evening and for breakfast. Breakfast was not particular appealing with limited choice of hot food and the fruit didn’t look all that fresh, plus the smell of the mackerel was a bit overwhelming. The use of the lounge in the evening was enjoyable though. We used the pool too, which was warm.   The main reason I haven’t given the hotel 5 stars is the ridiculous booking system. I booked our room directly with Hilton and then received an email asking me if I…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, very cold room","This is a great location but the room was very cold on arrival. Heating worked but very noisy. Option were, be cold or listen to the noisy heating all night.  Not worth the money in my opinion.  Would not stay again.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful visit to the Waldorf Hilton,"This was the first time I stayed at this hotel, I chose it purely for its close proximity to the Novello Theatre (literally right next door!) as I’d come to London mainly go see Mamma Mia and didn’t want a long walk to a hotel afterwards.  Hotel room was beautiful and spacious. Got a free upgrade when I checked in which was a lovely surprise. The staff could not have been nicer, very helpful and friendly. Room was the perfect temperature and although I had a room facing out onto Aldwych (fantastic view by the way!) the noise from the street was non-existent so got a very good night’s sleep.  Would definitely recommend a stay here for any reason, but it is particularly lovely for a theatre trip as it is within a couple of minutes easy walking distance from loads of theatres.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don’t be fooled by PREMIUM VIP,"Having joined Premium VIP I booked for my wife and I to stay and take in a show. The incredibly pushy Harley convinced me that I needed to pay an additional £100 for my stay- and as it was a special treat I agreed- but in addition he convinced me to buy my wife an additional membership as a birthday present. This he assured me would be waiting for us in the room as a surprise birthday gift. Needless to say it was not.  I enquired at reception but the VIP office was not manned however they agreed to send a message- the next morning.  The saga became a farce when the VIP service range my office, for my wife’s number, where they left her a message to collect her” surprise” membership from reception.  I then contacted Harley who suggested  “I stop making maintains out of molehills…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dinner after Theatre,"What can I say other than 1st class all the way.Food was excellent,staff was 1st class and the restaurant looked beautiful,with Christmas lights and trees everywhere. We went to see Tina turner the musical then came here after.My fillet steak was just delicious and desserts to die for.My mum had fish which she thoroughly enjoyed to. Table service was spot on and will be going back shortly.The bill was what I expected £175 for a two course meal,with drinks.Overall a fabulous evening.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a treat!,"This was a wonderful treat from special friends. Every detail excellent in delivery, staff smart, welcoming, polite and knowledgeable when asked about food or drinks. The cocktail bar wonderfully relaxed and great ambience. Our room was well appointed and when we asked for extra blankets late at night, they were delivered quickly and with a smile. The breakfast next morning was something to behold, I couldn’t think of one item not on display or available by request. Will definitely come back.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wife’s birthday weekend ,"Booked into the Waldorf hotel, and the staff are amazing , everyone is helpful, especially Sunny at the front of house , the breakfast was fantastic, especially the freshly made omelette’s , there’s nothing they’ve forgotten, I can’t wait to rebook, amazing weekend ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Snow White Afternoon Tea,"We went as a group of 3 women in our forties. The setting is pretty with the Snow White theme, from the decor to the table decoration. The service throughout was very good, completely relaxed too which was lovely. There were a variety of teas to choose from and four varieties of sandwiches, our party included one vegetarian who had a selection of sandwiches to themselves, these were replenished. The scones were nice, light and fluffy with plenty of fresh cream, jam and marmalade. A variety of little cakes and a large chocolate mouse apple to share completed the tea. We also had the choice of Prosecco or cider to finish.   The only thing I did not expect was the additional TAX and service charge to the £45 per head advertised and in all honesty I was shocked at that but overall a…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,We stayed here for one night and it was wonderful. Staff made us feel very welcome and very friendly. The hotel is lovely. Very clean and the room was very spacious and comfy. I would defiantly recommend this hotel and for our special occasion it was perfect. Staff went out their way to help us and make it even more special ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect position for the theatre,"If an overnight stay is necessary in order to visit a theatre in Covent Garden, this is a great place to stay.  It’s former glory has been lost but it’s still an iconic hotel that’s very comfortable.  It can be relatively expensive at peak times but it’s worth looking for special offers when this becomes a sensible option for a quick visit.  No parking but just across the bridge from Waterloo station and close to Charing Cross.  My default place to stay when visiting London.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome experience ,"This was a fluke selection of hotel as it was a business trip but this has been my best experience of London in so many years! It’s perfect in so many ways . While this was walking distance to my office it was next door to the lovely theatre district! The hospitality is wonderful and a contrast to the Hilton last year near lords cricket ground. Folks here genuinely try take care of you . Initially when I was not happy with my room when I checked in am from New York, they moved me to an interim room which was decent. I finally choose to stay on . The ambience is out of the world. Still very traditional with pipe music in the bar in the evening. I happen to enjoy only on the last day but was still glad . They also happily extended a late checkout as I had several office meetings…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulocity ,Love love love this hotel room great breakfast fantastic third visit here service a bit slow in good Godfrey s bar but apologies were made Hooe to return soon convenient to all london transport and attractions please never change thus place my favourite hotel in London ,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Afternoon tea was fantastic with a Snow White theme.  They really looked after us and it was great service.   Plenty of tea, scones, sandwiches and cakes, almost too much as we struggled to get through it all.  The hotel itself is really nice and I noticed a free music event being hosted in the evening.  Very tempted to book a night!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fantastic,"Had a fantastic stay at the waldorf the other week.  As  a Hhonours member Id been wanting to stay here for some time but never really had the opportunity.  Our anniversary gave me that excuse.  Every member of staff from the bowler hatted doormen attending to your luggage,  the reception staff, housekeeping and all the staff in the restaurant were exceptional.  Perfect service throughout.  Our executive room was a good size for hotel rooms in London and obviously the exec lounge itself  was a great oasis for breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapés.   We had our anniversary dinner in the restaurant and I was stunned by the quality of the food produced there - all with excellent service as always.  We're already planning our next stay - and thank you to all the staff for…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A fantastic Birthday treat,"This stay was a birthday treat for my Partner for his birthday and a convenient location for a gig at the Comedy Store near Leicester Square.  Although this was “posh” for us and a treat, it was not actually that much more for 1 night than some of the more budget chain hotels nearby, mainly because I am a Hilton Member and get preferential rates and because I booked it well in advance.  When we checked in Nick on Reception asked if it was a special occasion, when mentioning it was a birthday he kindly ungraded us from a Queen room to a Queen Deluxe, which was unexpected and got our stay off to a great start.  Our room (625) was a good size and the bathroom had an actual window with actual natural daylight, almost unheard of in a city center hotel.  It also had the biggest bed…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Different class!,"Always wanted to stay here, so we decided we'd push the boat out and have a long weekend in London staying here.  The whole 'experince' was a step up from the norm.   The minute you arrive and a sharply dressed doorman greets you with a smile and opens the door, to the desk staff which have all the time in the world to ensure you have everything you need, to the bar staff that clearly take pride in themselves and the drinks they create, there was nothing I could fault.  The room was large, the bed larger still! Bathroom was spotless and the room had all the essentials, minibar, iron & ironing board, hairdryer, tea & coffee and in room safe.  Can't comment on the food or restaurants as the location is so central there is no shortage of great places to eat and drink within a 5…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"I booked this hotel as I was visiting the theatre for my birthday, the hotel is in a great location within walking distance of most of the theatres and other attractions within london. This is my second time at this hotel, when I checked in the reception staff welcomed me back, this was a lovely touch. The receptionist (I believe her name is carmen) checked us in quickly and professionally, she also asked if we was celebrating anything on our stay, which we was. She wished me a happy birthday and said that she was going to upgraded us to the executive lounge to celebrate my birthday. The lounge was lovely and a nice place to have a relaxing drink.  Im looking forward to booking this hotel again, all staff are so helpful with great customer service. I would like to say a big…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Really nice hotel.  The rooms are clean and the service is great.   The only thing to improve is the breakfast, I had to wait 15min for fried eggs...  I will come back but maybe I will have the first meal of the day outside.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pricey but worth every dime! Apart from the chips...,"You feel super special from the moment you set foot in the door.   Snappy dressed concierge great you with a smile and seductive foreign accent.   The South American girls in the front desk have huge smiles and make you feel like you have been coming here for years.   It is pretty much everything you might expect from one of the best city hotel chains in the world.    The place is spotless.   There is a great bar to chill out in if you are feeling social and a restaurant that serves a great menu of food that means heavily towards the more expensive end of the city dining scale.  The cheapest end of the main plates will be fish and chips at £16.  I thought I’d give it a go as it is a make or break dish for many paces I eat, so easy to get wrong.   It arrived and of course was…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lacking festive glamour and drinkable coffee,"This review is based on a pre-booked table for breakfast, for two.  We booked Christmas Day breakfast at The Waldorf with high expectations. It’s The Waldorf, after all. Sadly, our experience wasn’t quite as joy-sparking as we would have liked, nor glamorous, nor altogether tasty. Pancakes were good, coffee was terrible. Our waitress was chatty and lovely, but she wasn’t the fastest waitress in the West. In fact, we were sat for at least 10-15 minutes before we had to grab the guy looking after the omelette area, who passed on the fact that we were waiting to be served at The Waldorf … for breakfast … on Christmas Day.  So, despite it not being particularly glamorous, and despite the fact that it wasn’t even very festive, we enjoyed our reasonably priced breakfast (except the…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday theatre break,"What a fantastic weekend to celebrate my 50th birthday. Executive room was wonderful - gorgeous bathroom, very comfortable bed and separate sofa and tv room.  Access to executive lounge serving complementary breakfast, afternoon teas and evening canapés with wine and spirits. Hotel ideally sandwiched between Novello and Aldwych Theatres. We saw Mama Mia. Great seats to watch a brilliant show.  Wonderful weekend and hope to repeat very soon ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Stayed for one night as we were going to see s show at the Savoy theatre (short walking distance). We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in one of their executive rooms with access to the executive lounge with ample food and drink on offer throughout the day. Staff very friendly and heloful. Also walking distance to Covent Garden and about 15mins to Waterloo station. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel stay at London's Waldorf,"My wife and I just finished an excellent stay at London's Waldorf Hilton Hotel, on the weekend.  As we had booked a West End show, the Waldorf was an ovbious and perfect choice, given that its located within short walking distance of the West End theatres and Covent Garden.   We called ahead of our booking and spoke to Helena, at reception, who we we're fortunate enough to meet on arrival. Helena took great care of all our accommodation requirements, ensuring that we had a suitable room, whilst Areem parked our car and Anton, the concierge transported our luggage directly to our suite. A very smooth checking in operation.  Our room was perfect, spacious, yet cosy, clean, with a very comfortable king bed. The en-suite shower and bathroom, was large, with Robes, slippers and a TV…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perhaps no quite living up to its halcyon days,"We were in a room at the back of the hotel so thought it would be quiet but there was something musical and loud happening either in an adjacent street or below, that went on until the early hours of the morning. The bar is small, the piano musician wonderful and the breakfast very good but the room was nothing special leaving me to think it is living on its reputation and brilliant location.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Snow White themed Tea,An indulgent treat to start the year. The tea had a traditional savoury menu and had a lovely delicious twist on their sweets to compliment their theme really well. Attentive and friendly staff definitely topped off the experience!,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but for the money...,A wonderfully located hotel with nice rooms. However given it sits part way up the rung of the more expensive hotels in London I mark it down for having a gym that shuts at 1800 at the weekend - this is one of the main features I want in a good hotel. The shower in the room did not work properly but that was a more forgivable one off,Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pretty poor effort and can be noisy ,"Great location, staff are ok but all in all not great.  Stayed for two nights as part of the Hilton sale and January is a very quite month in London.    Hotel looks good from the outside and was upgraded to a complimentary king junior suite which appeared to be very nice.  Great size with a large comfortable bed and very large bathroom.  Problem was the noise from the theatre next door.  It’s pretty much like having a band in the room next door until 2230.  I know it’s an old hotel but this was pretty poor. (Room 518 - lovely apart from noise). At 0420 in the morning the bin men came and started collecting the rubbish down below so again I was woken up due to the lack of insulation in the room.    Executive lounge is particularly poor with almost the same food you get in a…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"Stayed for the 3rd time, for a birthday w-end theatre break. Love the hotel. We are Diamond members, and this was recognised many times. Up graded to a lovely big room on Executive floor. Lovely welcome on check in. I would like to mention Lucia and Carlos, who helped us amazingly in the breakfast restaurant. Lovely and friendly. Executive lounge was it's normal amazing place. One very small feedback, scones aren't warm or labelled with type. Would be even nicer. Not as good as before. Can't wait to go back though.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed at the Waldorf so as to visit Covent Garden and take in a show over the course of a weekend. The location of the hotel for this is perfect  - situated between the theatre district, Covent Garden, China Town and Somerset House and the Thames its all on the doorstep.  The building is grand.  The staff friendly and helpful.  The room we had was clean, well appointed, a decent size and great value for London in this area.  The bar is very relaxing with table service.  Breakfast is a well stocked buffet.  We’ll stay here again the next time we’re down for a show.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lion King Vist,Hotel is perfectly situated for the lion king. The reception staff are fantastic and the rooms are ok. We had a family room and checked in at 18:30 to find the bed for our daughter hadn’t been made up. We had to call reception to see what happened. Not even a drink offered.... pretty poor. The put me up bed took up all the remaining space left in the room which made it feel very crammed. Stayed in better hotels for the price to be honest.,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Jakub on The Front Desk is a start,I was stranded in London last night having missed my last train home. I walked into The Waldorf Hotel at 2am in the morning and Jakub was superb in helping me out and getting me a room. Real 5-star service. Thank you Jakub,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Rooms & Location Poor Service,"Firstly the positive - The rooms and location are excellent for a Theatreland hotel at the centre of it all. Now the negative - After getting soaked getting to the hotel and trying to check in at 3.30 (3pm check in) was told the room was not ready.  I could accept that, except I booked this through the Hilton website as a Gold member and a couple at the side of us were told their room was ready and booked through Expedia - the same room type!  The receptionist explained that they reserved specific rooms for Loyal members but this wouldn't be available for another hour and couldn't upgrade us as they had an event on the following day and these rooms were fully booked (turns out they were emptying the rooms of furniture not being used for guests). I have stayed at Waldorf hotels…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay,"Stayed in room 101 at the beginning of January. All staff helpful and friendly. Comfortable bed and pillows.  Room clean with a good selection of toiletries, ironing board, dressing gowns, slippers and hairdryer. We had a meal in the Good Godfreys Bar & Lounge and also after going to the theatre we went there for drinks.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, good value and lovely staff","We have just returned from a surprise night away as an early birthday treat for my 10 year old.  A three generation girls trip - grandma, mum and daughter and I am so pleased with the hotel choice in a city full of so many different options.  An easy walk from Waterloo, it couldn't be better situated for Covent Garden, the tube access, the theatre's and easy walking to a 10 year old's delight..... the nightmare that it... Hamleys.  The hotel staff were absolutely delightful - super welcoming and very kind and even left birthday cards and chocolates much to my daughters absolute delight.  The room was a perfect size, the beds (including the temporary one) very comfortable and all we needed by way of the bathroom.  The luxury of leaving luggage when arriving early and leaving late…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Charming, Simply Charming","This property is consistent with what I have come to know as the Hilton Waldorf standard.  These historic hotels seem to be wonderfully appropriate to their surroundings.  Sitting next to the renovated Aldwych in the heart of London’s theatre district, this particular hotel is immaculately maintained, while keeping the character that makes it a Waldorf.  It is a easy walk to Covent Garden’s festive atmosphere.  The City’s public buses and double decker “on/off” buses conveniently stop nearby.    The optional buffet breakfast is well worth including.  It is both broad in offerings and delicious.   The hotel staff is graciously professional and accommodating.  It is an excellent choice.  I look forward to returning.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Real pleasure to to stay,My wife and I stayed for the weekend as with all hotels it’s the staff that make or break a hotel and every member of staff here was excellent always had a smile and more than helpful. Location is excellent with all the theatres and sights in easy reach.  Breakfast fast omelettes we’re fantastic.. and at the end of the day have a drink and relax watching London go by out of the window.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A show and night in the Waldorf,"I like  this hotel , I can drive straight up and get my car parked . It’s in the theatre district . Rooms are good , staff are great .  We’ve done a few shows and stayed here .  No issues except the computer in the executive lounge and a kid playing loud games at breakfast time .  Please remove the speakers or set a max level , trying to read the paper while beeep beep crunch goes on , it’s annoying !",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Most enjoyable stay,"Just returned from staying at The Waldorf booked a junior suite enjoyed the extra space which is a premium in London. We did have lounge access which was great so no need to have breakfast in the restaurant good selection of things to eat. One plus of the executive lounge was Antoinette who was on duty very professional nothing too much trouble a total asset, on 1 day she was not there and it did seem a bit like a free for all. Hallways could do with a bit of TLC but other than that no problems. Check in and checkout were seamless and professional as were door staff. Overall a fantastic stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Far Below Expectations,"Our family of three stayed here over the holidays and we were disappointed at the state of the hotel. I’ll start by saying that the staff are exceptional and are the sole reason I am giving three stars. They are very friendly and their service is what I would expect of a 4 star hotel. However I cannot say the same for the condition of the hotel. It became obvious to us upon entering that the hotel is able to charge such exuberant rates based on its location, not quality. The tiling in our bathroom was filthy (see pics) and there were things consistently broken around the hotel just open for the public to view. For instance, there was a room next to the pool that looked like its door was broken into. It was a wreck and just had a small sign saying to not enter because it was…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,12 Years of Christmas at The Waldorf Hilton,This location is the only place I'd stay in London for Christmas.  This Covent Garden location is a must for theatre goers or those who wish to visit most locations by foot.  The staff at the Waldorf is excellent and quick to ensure one's stay is spectacular.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fraudalent 5 star establishment,"On entering the reception staff were most unhelpful and rude. Whilst the hotel gave me an upgrade, the room that I was upgraded to only had a one double bed, whereas my previous room had two double beds. They agreed to provide a rollaway bed in the room. When arriving at the room, the rollaway bed felt like a mortuary table - the mattress was thin and springs were very pointy. It took about 4 different phone calls to get someone to review the bed and make this more comfortable (or bearable).  The hotel is tired and badly needs renovation, paint peelings, carpets torn. The Swimming pool had algae and mould - it was just filthy.   The hotel is not suitable for young children due to the old style building and stairs on each floor.  Overpriced due to its location, never going to…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable visit,"The centrally situated Waldorf Hotel is in a great location for all that London can offer, it is in within easy walking distance of The Royal Opera house, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and many other iconic London landmarks. It is in very easy walking distance of: Temple, Charing Cross, Embankment and Covent Garden stations. This elegant, Edwardian building dates from 1908 but the bedrooms are up to date and well maintained. We stayed overnight in a ‘Queen Superior Double’ which was excellent in almost all respects. Our room was a good size, clean and equipped with all the furniture & equipment etc. one could expect from a hotel of this class including air conditioning, mini bar, safe, well- lit desk/workspace, bathrobes & slippers etc. Wifi is free to all Hilton Honours…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,NEVER BOOK THIS HOTEL. ,"My wife and I made a booking to spend the new year at the Waldorf London for the new year a year in advance.  The day before we left to enjoy the 2018/9 new year we again checked again After checking in November that all was ok. The Waldorf informed us they had cancelled our booking. They said our card Was declined. Not sure what that was about we same as most, were paying the balance on arrival. Not sure who gave permission for money to be taken off our card in advance. Perhaps the security procedure for credit cards should be checked. Cos someone is lying.  We had already booked our train tickets First class as we wanted to make it a special time together.  After my wife spoke with Adam then passed to reservations. Then reception after being on hold for 10 mins.  Before being…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Afternoon Tea We had,"I enjoyed already in several five star hotels great afternoon tea services. My favourite one is the Waldorf Hilton - not only because of the great value of money I spend on this day for my little pleasure. Also because of the amazing variety of different biscuits, teas and sandwiches. Besides that, the atmosphere was simply stunning especially with the beautiful Christmas decoration. All team members were impressively kind especially the waiter Achmed in the Restaurant. All in all me and my boyfriend had a great time and wanted to say thank you for the lovely experience. We are looking forward to return!",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Failed Again,"Over the last 3 visits we have had room not booked, Champagne not supplied as promised and today the Executive suit not booked. We will be cancelling our membership as the attentive personal touch has gone and the failures of the staff is really unacceptable. I will be looking for another membership elsewhere",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Superb stay at hotel, staff we great and made the stay lovely, try the couple's sharing cocktails, very nice.Breakfast was excellent, stayed for the night to watch west end show, well worth it, vallet parking was a breeze and no congestion charge over XmasHighly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dirty,"It’s not easy for me to write this review as I really like this hotel, and I’ve stayed here many times before, but enough is enough.  When we arrived at 3pm by taxi we were met by the friendly doorman and porter who took our large and heavy suitcases up the stairs to reception.  We were informed neither of our 2 rooms were ready yet despite it being 3 o’clock. We left our luggage with the concierge and went for a coffee in the executive lounge. The lounge itself can do with a serious make-over. New carpet had been placed, but the old tables and chairs/sofas remain. New Nespresso coffee-machine which will look horrible next month because it’s not being cleaned enough by staff. After waiting an hour the lady who checked us in brought the key for one room saying the other was still…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impeccable,"Everything you would expect from the Waldorf, beautifully decorated for Christmas with perfect service from the team, and the Red Velvet Mojito Mocktail was delicious!  Would definitely re-visit, great location too",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money!,"Great location if you’re interested in site-seeing and shopping.   The hotel itself is nice but nothing special. Our room was the King Executive Suite and was underwhelming.   Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was poor at best with just sausage and scrambled egg making up the full English.   Loved exploring London and will be going back, but not to this hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming ,"Stayed for two nights 21st - 23rd dec in an executive king suite, booked by my partner for a birthday present. I was surprised at the room, it wasn’t very large and frankly, I didn’t even feel like we were in an upgraded room. The toiletries were poor and certainly did not feel upgraded!   The location is superb and the staff are very friendly with lovely decor but I can’t really offer much more positive comments than that.  The real let down was the breakfast in the executive lounge. Far too many people for the size of the room. Very poor choice of cooked food, bacon, sausage and scrambled eggs, all very luke warm. The coffee machine needed a video to show you how to use it and because of this, there was a constant queue. I struggled to find a decent, plain tea bag too! We…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great Experience,"Located in one of the most prestigious parts of London, The Waldorf Hilton is a great place to stay. It is located in the heart of the theatre district and within walking distance of Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The staff at the hotel are very professional and friendly, right from the doorman and receptionist to the concierge and breakfast staff. The hotel room has everything you need for a comfortable stay and good night's sleep. The breakfast is an experience in itself with plenty of items to choose from, omelettes made to order and very attentive staff. A great experience all round.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable stay,"We spend few days in this lovely hotel and we found it in a strategic position for visiting the city. Room was clean and confortable and breakfast satisfying. We appreciated the kindness of the staff: Chris, Vladimir, Costanza, Nicola with a special mention to Julia, Guest relation, pretty, elegant and smiling. We felt pampered and considered. Thank you so much for making our short stay an experience to remember. Se Will be back. Alessandra Nadalin",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location. Mediocre service,"As many have pointed out, the location is 3 minutes walking distance from covents garden, which is vibrant and full of great restaurants, cafes and theaters. It is a charming location. Plus the Strand promenade is full of different shops. Close to National Gallery. Staff wasn't friendly. We're Hilton gold, yet were treated poorly. It's hardly peak tourist season and yet we were not upgraded to anything at all. By contrast, the Hilton in Cambridge was much better with customer service",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply Splendid,"What a wonderful hotel, elegance should be it's middle name.  The lovely doorman was so welcoming and friendly, as were the concierge staff in reception.  They couldn't do enough for you.  Breakfast was fantastic, beds were comfy and the location is second to none.  My only teeny gripe is that it's advertised as having opening windows...when it clearly doesn't.  A wonderful hotel and I felt very posh staying there :0)",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay in a gorgeous hotel ,"I would like to personally thank the staff and management at the Waldorf for an amazing weekend 2 night trip to London.  The second you get near the Waldorf you can feel the class and the buzz around the place.  The hotel lobby was stunning especially with the Christmas decor.  Our room wasn’t quite ready but the lady on reception was happy to find one that was, i did ask i keep my room however 515 and i waited no longer than 20 mins before i had a notification on my phone it was ready.  The room itself was lovely. The entrance hall, the bedroom and the bathroom all stunning. It had everything that was needed and more. It was worth paying the extra for a deluxe room. If you do want a room with a view however the inner rooms dont offer this.  The breakfast was amazing and very…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5 star service,"Didn’t feel like 5 star hotel and the service certainly wasn’t. Had better stays in Hilton hotels for the money this cost, can’t complain about the food or location but waited 20 minutes to get a coffee at breakfast!",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A special destination,"On arrival my room was not ready due to the late departure of the previous guests. The front desk team apologised profusely and directed me to the lounge where I was given  complimentary drinks and nibbles until the room had been serviced. All staff proved to be as obliging during my stay, nothing was too much trouble for them. Dining to live music in the restaurant brought a touch of nostalgia to the evenings.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impeccable service from the hotel team,"The service provided by the team at The Waldorf Hilton was impeccable. The first night our room had an issue but the front desk’s and duty manager’s responses were of insurmountable level that it made our stay priceless and we will definitely return when visiting central London again.  Visiting Central London just before Christmas and staying at Te Waldorf Hilton is a great experience. Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and the Thames are at walking distance and it takes only a 15 min cab drive, at the busiest hour, to go to Regent/Bond street for shopping, Westminster for dinner or Shoreditch for clubbing",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always special,Upgraded to an executive room which was extraordinary. Big comfy bed and well-appointed bathroom.  Staff very attentive for whom nothing was too much trouble.  Homage restaurant offers good choice at reasonable prices. ,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean rooms","This hotel is in a great location, a bus stop outside the door, easily walkable to so many restaurants and pubs. It is also close to 3 different tube stations so easy to get around. The hotel was clean, but quite a few small things wrong in my room, poorly maintained. The staff were all respectful, but mostly very cold. There was one concierge and one person in the breakfast room who made the stay memorable, but I was there for 10 nights and honestly none of the other staff were as kind or welcoming. I was also ushered out of my room early when checking out, the time advertised was 12pm, however I had the house keeper enter my room before then and demand to know when I was leaving, it was not a pleasant experience.  This is a very busy hotel, especially on weekends and as the…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Feels Like Home,"I stayed at the hotel for a week in October. From the minute we arrived until the minute we left the staff were helpful, welcoming and attentive. It felt like they were inviting us into their own homes that is how friendly they were. Everyone was so kind and knowledgeable.    Our accommodations were pristine and always tidy. That is amazing since I never heard or saw any housekeeping staff the entire time we were there!  There is a scent in the lobby. It was heavenly. I only wish I could have identified it before we left.  Tea at The Waldorf was so pleasant and perfect. I have no idea how things run so efficiently.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No sleep,"Im a diamond Hilton honours member and stay in London most weeks for work. If you are looking for a decent nights sleep before meetings the next morning then don’t stay here. Hotel is old and creaky, thin walls with lots of noise from adjacent or opposite rooms (doors banging) and indeed dated aircon. Even after moving rooms it made little difference. Otherwise the hotel is fine!",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent food and service,"Family dinner with a good selection of dishes. We had four different meals and not one disappointed. Decent choice of wines although, as ever, prices were a little high.  Service attentive and personal without being intrusive.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay including afternoon tea,We stay here often and have never been disappointed as the hotel is located for all the attractions in Covent Garden and Leicester Square. West end shopping is easy to reach too. The staff are always friendly and helpful and go out of their way to make sure your stay is enjoyable.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant. What a treat. A couple of niggles for the hotel to maybe consider.","Staff are friendly and helpful and fun too. They assisted me at every opportunity (I was in a mobility scooter), they treated my 11 year old like a young adult (which she appreciated) the staff made our stay one of our favourite places to go.  The room service food was delicious, the metal cover does cause crispy food to go a little soggy so maybe something to consider.  We had an accessible room which was brilliant, plenty of room for my scooter and us. Though the bed was too high to comfortably get in and out of, so maybe worth looking at accessible rooms and how accessible they are. This was humourous to us rather than a problem.  Breakfast was delicious. The staff were some of the nicest we’ve ever met. One lovely lady had such a contagious smile and laugh that she really…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,We came here for afternoon tea and was rather disappointed. Firstly I felt that the ambience was not really that good I felt something was missing. However the staff were very friendly. We chose latte over tea and was just offered one cup each and it was rather like warm. We did however have sparkling wine with our afternoon tea though. The sandwiches were rather dry and tasteless unfortunately. We did ask for some more as they were inedible. We were given more but they weren’t that great ever really.  The other thing I wasn’t happy with was that even though we bought a Groupon voucher for this experience we had to pay a extra amount on top because we were having the afternoon tea at the weekend and of course a tip was also added. I wouldn’t recommend the afternoon tea I have…,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First time staying at this fantastic Hotel.,"Everybody and everything about this Hotel was fantastic. The food was very good also, although as we were on just a 4 day break, we mostly went out for our evening meal. Each time we returned to the hotel we were met by uniformed folks who helped with bags etc. We were then shown to a lounge where we could help ourselves to endless sandwiches cakes and drinks. Fabulous !!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Super location ,"Stayed here for a theatre break ,check in was quick and friendly,4th floor lifts a little slow but you can always use the stairs if you’re feeling energetic,room clean with bath robe ,slippers, large tv and safety deposit box ,comfy bed,executive lounge on floor 1 well worth the extra to upgrade,fantastic stay and great location for theatres, Covent Garden and Thames river.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Truly disappointing stay start to finish,"Very poor stay: - unable to access room at the stated check in time of 3pm. Eventually checked in just before 4pm and then had to wait a further 45 minutes for our luggage to be delivered causing us to almost miss a restaurant reservation. - had booked a twin deluxe room which clearly shows a bathtub on the hotels own website pictures and room description but our room had a shower only. I had specifically made sure the room had a bathtub as I was travelling with my mother who has arthritis and uses the bath to help with joint pain.  - I requested a room move, was advised hotel was booked that evening but they could move us the following day. Confirmed with reception the next morning that they had a record of the move which they did and we were told to leave our luggage in the…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Welcoming and Comfortable,"Stayed here as it was handy for the Aldwych Theatre ,on a miserable rainy day it was good to step into the warm and welcoming atmosphere.Staff very helpful and  friendly and the rooms clean and comfortable.Our room service meal and breakfast in the dining room were very tasty.Even though the hotel was at full capacity staff took great care  to deliver a pleasant stay for us.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rather disorganised ,"This is a review relating to a Xmas lunch event for over 200 people which I attended recently. This scale of event must be hell to cater for, in terms of delivering both high food quality and well-coordinated timeliness. Quality was passably ok, but it was very poorly managed and coordinated, being slow and disorganised. This is what big international hotels are supposed to be very polished at, and presumably charge accordingly for. Sadly, this time, the Waldorf failed.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unprofessional ,"Having arrived early our room wasn’t ready. We went out. On our return we were given our room card, we went to our room only to walk in on another couple. We went down and informed reception and they apologised and gave us another room key.  I feel this is unacceptable, actually walking in on someone. Disgusting. ",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Xmas stay over,"Beautiful hotel. Opulent grand function room. Lovely breakfast too. Very convenient for the Theatre district and Covent Garden. Highly recommended for a couple weekend getaway with moderate prices. Historic building too, so lots of character. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff and beautiful hotel,"Our stay can be described as excellent and extremely comfortable. The staff members helped us proactively and always made sure that we were well taken care of throughout (i.e. from the room to dining, from lounge to the front door experience). My wife was very happy and suggested we stay here again here next year when we are in London. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still the best place to stay in London,"Just returned from a repeat visit to this amazing hotel. The names Waldorf and Hilton have been linked to exceptional hotel service for a very long time and this hotel certainly lives up to both those names!! It has been only 5 months since our last visit and we were greeted like friends by some of the staff who remembered us. Again my companion was wheelchair bound and the level of care and service provided was second to none. There was a slight hiccup on checkin to do with wrong room assignment but that was soon sorted by a lovely lady called Elena, She certainly knows her job and was a great help.The concierge staff continue to keep up their great level of care and I am amazed at the high numbers of staff this hotel employs. Guess it just goes with those two names I mentioned…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Valet Parking & Great Location,"I stayed at this hotel Saturday night and chose it due to the fact it was next door to Aldwych Theatre and had valet parking. Just drop your car off outside and then forget about it, £55 for 24 hours is amazing value for the centre of London.   Check in was easy and Maria was very friendly. The room was a good size with spacious bathroom and fluffy towels and robes.   A stroppy doorman on the front door and ten minute wait for the lift were the only negative things to say about this hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Standard, and location!","We just spent a week at this great hotel!We loved our rooom, the staff, breakfasts and location!4 minutes walk to Covent Garden and 5 Theatres!Quality trained personnel made us really feel like family!We loved it!Kudos to Management and staff in all departments.Just a side note, we are picky, hard to please and can be a pain in the derrière, but all of expectations were exceeded!Well done!Book your room now!❤️",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Price of Coffee!!!,"My review on this hotel is not about their room standard or food;  it is to do with extortion.  Here’s my story.  On the 24th November 2018, my husband and I went to this hotel, the Waldorf Hilton for a quick cup of coffee before proceeding to the Albert Hall to watch The Classical Spectacular.  Once we were there, we decided  to have an Irish Coffee.  The coffee arrived about 20 minutes after we ordered and we were flabbergasted to see that the 2 Irish coffees were served in 2 very small wine glasses.  I’ve lived in Europe (the Netherlands) for many years and I know what an Irish coffee glass looks like.  I also know how to make a good Irish coffee.  There was no cream on top and hardly any whiskey in it, as whisk is the basis for Irish coffee,  Anyway we didn’t make a fuss. …",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing as usual,"We regularly stay here for our girly shopping trips. We always receive such a warm welcome nothing is ever to much trouble. We stay in a suite which are always spotless and have everything you could possibly need. The executive lounge provides a great breakfast afternoon tea, canapes and cocktails in the evening. We have stayed in many hotels over many years, we wouldn't stay anywhere else. The atmosphere is warm and friendly we feel right at home. Just to mention a few stand out staff members who make our stay just that extra bit special. Georgina bissenden a true professional and a wonderful lady BENN HAY, The best doorman in London we actually wanted to take him home with us. Nothings to much trouble and he has the most wonderful personality. As the first face of Hilton…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic stay, great location","We stayed for three days and thoroughly enjoyed it.  We had a standard room booked and reception gave us the opportunity to upgrade to an executive room for a fee.  When weighing it up, we took it.  This meant we had breakfast, afternoon tea and evening nibbles/drinks in the Executive room. All food was really nice and tasty.  It was well worth it.  The staff there were very efficient and professional.  Also kudos to the concierge staff who always greeted us when leaving and returning.  As it rained one day we were happy that umbrellas were available.  We will stay again if in London, however we will ensure we get the same room or one just is as good, after reading some other comments.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't recommend it,"Nice location, good gym, terrible service and dirty rooms which ought to be renovated. There are definitely better hotels around the corner in London.Would not recommend it, given the comparably high price.                                                                                   ",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Kudos to Ben,"My wife and I have recently returned home from our annual European vacation, this time visiting London, UK. Did we enjoy our stay? Hell yeah!! After a long delayed flight, we eventually arrived at the bright lights of The Waldorf, where we were greeted by Ben. He quickly took care of our luggage and without a moments hesitation kindly insisted his only concern was us checking in and he'll arrange our luggage to be delivered to our room. True to his word, a porter arrived within minutes of us entering our room. Throughout our stay, he evidently went out his way to greet us and ask our plans for the day! He recommended places to visit and diners to eat, even as far as having a highlighted map preplanned for us. We have travelled across Americas, Asia and Europe but I can honestly…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Afternoon Tea,"We had a groupon voucher so we were not sure how this would go down. We did not need to worry, the staff were fantastic, they just could not do enough for us, they were friendly and explained how it all worked. We did not want alcohol which was included so we were given the menu for mocktails. OMG they were heavenly, I have never tasted something so good. Afternoon tea was explained and brought over, when we were ready, nothing is rushed at all which really was lovely. The choice was fabulous and the scones still warm. The clotted cream was awesome. The whole experience was fantastic. I would go here again and again, even without a groupon voucher.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"We had afternoon tea here for my best friend’s birthday and I cannot fault it. The food was amazing, not only that they gave her a free slice of an amazing cake to say happy birthday! We had free flowing prosecco and the genteman was always ready to fill up our glass. The service overall was absolutely faultless. We had a fabulous time, would highly recommend it and will definitely be going again.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"In the middle of the Theatre district and in the evenings very busy. Great location Hotel requires an upgrade, but it is still a classic and nice place. The suites are partly located at E-level (in between ground and 1st floor). Very noisy! Breakfast is good. Bar is classic, but great service.  The one person who made it worth to come back was the luggage porter (Mr Gill). He knows how you deal with customers. He could give a lesson to people working in hospitality! Please hire him permanently, great addition to your staff.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth it !,"We chose this hotel because of its proximity to the theatre . Perfect in that respect . The room will not be ready before 3pm. Like many other guests we chose to wait in the bar while I room was prepared . As other reviewers have mentioned the drinks are stupidly expensive even by London standards . Go out , plenty of good places to eat and drink . Our room was cold and the duvet was smaller than the duvet cover ! We told reception that we were disappointed and we  were offered free breakfast. As breakfast was already included in our deal and therefore already pre paid they said they could do nothing more !  Really not good enough from a Worldwide Hotel Group such as Hilton . There are many other very nice hotels in the locale . I suggest you try them , we will next time",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Charged me for a stay that never happened,"You charged me for a $418.75 stay last week which never happened. When both I and my travel agent reached out to you you denied charging me and told us to get lost, and yet you just emailed me a survey about my stay, proving what I’ve been saying. I’m a Hilton Honors Gold member and have never been treated so disrespectfully in all my years staying with Hilton. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Touch of luxury,"Went here for one night on Sunday 25th november with a friend on an organised coach trip, the room was fantastic, big bouncy beds, very spacious. Breakfast was excellent, a very wide choice , and good quality. Drinks in the bar ridiculous prices , but it is London. The only grunt i have is the lifts, waiting a long time at busy times, and frustrating when you get in, to go up or down and it takes you the wrong way first. Drinks from the mini bar in the room a bit pricy too, £9 for a miniture !!! take your own.Area close to Covent garden, theatres, and lots of good restaurants all in easy walking distance. I must say a special thank you to conciage Gill, he was lovely, and really went above and beyond to help with our bags, and helped my 92 year old friend to the coach yesterday…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treated like a friend not a guest,We stayed for an evening at the hotel and only in the short time we were overwhelmed from the hospitality and service we got. Special thanks to the doorman Ben who guided us through the hotel and gave very helpful tips for our stay in London. Ben you are the best!,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great service","Rooms - ""family"" room had 2 double beds and was really tight, though I suspect this is the norm for London. The room was clean and well maintained, but temperature was a little stuffy - we had difficulty controlling the themostat. We arrived really late and were tired so we opted not to report the situation. We moved to a king room with a sofabed. The sofabed was more of a twin size and too small for even 2 kids.  Location - outstanding, just a few blocks from Covent Garden.   Amentities - Wifi was very tempramental. I tried to work a little and my connection would keep dropping every 30 minutes or so.  Service - standard, efficient, courteous service",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea -Disappointed,"We booked afternoon tea but did not realize that we had booked the Mama Mia until too late. The seating for this is literally inside the front door & on the left. As a consequence, you get a draft every time someone comes in or out and it feels like you are stuffed in the hallway. The sandwiches and cakes had obviously been sitting for sometime as bread was not soft and fresh and the cream for the scones had crusted over. Certainly not what we expected from the Waldorf Hotel or a price tag of £32 per head. Rather disappointing to say the least.    ",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mamma Mia - no idea - afternoon tea -ah!,"Booked a groupon Mamma Mia prosecco afternoon tea for myself and two friends. Attended today, lovely surroundings - afternoon tea ok and prosecco . Service poor, the waitress introduced herself and after some time brought our prosecco, tea was served (yes we drank that too , you have to stay hydrated!!) but no milk was forthcoming, caught the attention of a Manager ? after waiting about ten minutes who said he would get someone to get the milk and spoons for our dessert. Meanwhile the other table had not been served. A male waiter returned with the spoons and milk, and another bottle of prosecco for us when requested. He switched on the screen which then played Mammia Mia - the stage production to accompany the sound track that had been playing in the background since our…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Three nights in London so priority was given to location but I was very impressed with the friendly staff, the good sized room - by London standards- and the good breakfast included. Location is outstanding. You are right in the middle of outstanding shows and on the bus route - hop on hop off buses stop very close by. It is an easy walk to Westminster, Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Home from Home,"I just spent a wonderful weekend at The Waldorf Hilton located on the Strand.  The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful.  Staying here was a lovely experience and I will definitely go back again.  I recommend that you stay here, you will not regret it. The hotel is immaculate, our room was spotless, I was very impressed with how clean everything was and can honestly say that this is one of best hotels I have ever stayed at, they offer free reliable wifi, the food and service is EXCEPTIONAL, seriously, nothing was too much trouble at this hotel from the doorman to the maids.  Janet in the Executive lounge was welcoming, friendly and helpful at breakfast time, breakfast was superb and if, want you wanted to eat something other than that laid out, Janet was more than…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely!!,"Everything was perfect! Very quiet hotel and still good location. The concierge stuff very helpfulness. We had a lovely, modern and very functional room. Breakfast one of the best in London. AND The cutting edge was the afternoon tea.....such an excellent experience!!!!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely experience ,Booked for 2.30pm. Arrived half hour early and was seated straight away.  Mary was our waitress and looked after us very well.  The afternoon tea was tasty and fresh. The choice of tea was very good.  We were not rushed and was able to enjoy the experience.  ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to the expectations ,"Good hotel with small room, nothing special. However experience wise, bad. Upon check in I found one used towel in the toilet and a lady hair on the toilet floor. We booked around 7 rooms and stayed during the period of WTM, few chocolates were kept in room as amenities, appreciated. Room was cleaned everyday. Breakfast was normal. Check out experience was the worst. While settling the final bill, the Receptionist kept me waiting for around 10 minutes to give the cash balance. She was not able to find GBP  7 on early morning of 07 Nov. Then they asked me to come back after breakfast to give me the money. Also the view from room was not at all good. Placed order in room service, the service was not at all pleasant. Totally nothing special here. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Had the pleasure of visiting this grand hotel for an amazing afternoon tea experience. A beautiful venue, full of character and history set in a great location. All the staff were so helpful and friendly but most notably Ben. Cheeky, charming and charismatic, who evidently takes his job with pride, thus deservedly the first face you meet. Thank you all for everything!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disgraceful,"We booked afternoon tea through wowcher.  We got there a little earlier than what we were meant to but they were fine with that. We walked into the room where we were going to have our tea, and what a disappointment that was. All of London and stores were decorated for the Christmas season but I think the Waldorf didn't get the memo. It was a plane white room with dirty mirrors and vases with flowers that look like the water wasn't changed for a while. We sat down first thing we noticed was the cutlery wasn't clean. They came and asked about dietary requirements and my friend had emailed them prior that she didn't want beef or fish but was ok with chicken and ham so we repeated this to him but at brought out vegetarian sandwiches so we had to repeat ourselves again till he…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"History, Address, Access.","My wife and I recently visited The Waldorf for a few days this past weekend,  We were delighted to find a such prestigious name hotel at such an affordable price.  The rooms were spacious, the bathrooms seemed to have minimum six towels per person, and the food was a surprising treat.  The Homage restaurant has an excellent atmosphere in the evening- transforming into an extremely comfortable breakfast hideaway come morning.  All in all, the staff is warm, the neighborhood is super desirable, and you do have a 5 five star feeling, even if it only has four.  I'll go back on my next trip 100%.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldorf Hotel, London","Not what I was expecting at all! Returned home today after a weekend expecting ultimate luxury - just a bog standard room, nothing special. Breakfast was cold after five minutes of eating. Worst of all luggage was being stored until our departure time and we had trouble retrieving same from staff. My friend has said NEVER AGAIN",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay - way below expected standards,"We booked for a special birthday treat and while most of the staff were lovely (a common theme on the reviews) the amenities and service were below par. You expect to get a decent service when paying Waldorf prices, but it feels like the hotel is trading on its past reputation. Room service took an hour to arrive (with no warning of the delay) and then the order was wrong (this was later refunded). We faced a 30 minute queue for breakfast, the wifi stopped working, the room had no bottle opener, the mini-bar locked itself and we never had 2 keycards that worked despite reception re-setting them twice. The room and bathroom were clean and tidy but we had a bizarre tiny quilt which was in a king-sized cover. The gym was fine, but limited hours at the weekend. The pool was dirty,…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely afternoon tea,"Visited for afternoon tea with a bottle of prosecco as a birthday present on a very wet Wednesday afternoon. Our table was booked for 14.35 and when we arrived it was full. Most people left within the next hour and no one came in. Would have preferred a table at a later time but was not offered. This was the only criticism as the venue was stunning, the tea very tasty and the service impeccable. When the waitress came with our drink the bottle was only half full and as I raised an eyebrow she was quic to point out that we had unlimited drink and we were topped up every time our glasses became low. A pleasant experience.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The queue for breakfast let this hotel down ,"Stayed here for the England /all Black rugby match on Saturday night. This is an old grand hotel and in a fantastic location, being a couple of minutes walk from Covent Garden. The hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming and the hotel itself has a lot of style and charm. The real let down is having to wait in a long queue for over 20 minutes for breakfast on Sunday morning. Never have I had to do that before in any hotel I’ve stayed in the world. When I checked with reception staff after queuing for 10 minutes, they indicated that a 20 minute wait for breakfast is fairly normal on a weekend. When we eventually got in the breakfast dining area, we were disappointed to see 14 empty tables albeit with some that needed clearing. This is simply a management /staffing issue and…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never have I ever....,"Received a card under my door letting me know if I choose to deny maid service in for more than 24 hours management will need to come in to check the room for my well being and for the condition of the room. I don’t know what shenanigans the guests of this hotel are getting up to but I found this to be ridiculous given the price point and the brand. I’ve stayed in so many hotels (over 10 hotels this year alone) and I’ve never seen or heard of this policy before.  As for the property it is in a great location, guest room was very clean and well maintained.  ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"A most enjoyable afternoon with my daughter!  Ahmed, our waiter was attentive and kept the bubbly topped up - we were not rushed to vacate our table. The rosy fig tea complimented the sandwiches, scones and cakes. And thank you to Ben on the door - we got to stand in Palm Court where they filmed scenes from the Titanic film 'A Night to Remember'.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impeccable service from the staff but small room,"I stood here for 7 nights using Hilton Honors points. As a gold member I usually get an upgraded room and executive lounge access, I got nothing of the sort on this visit. Room was extremely small, small to the point that we could not lay luggage on the floor and walk around at the same time. Since there were no dressers to place clothing and the closet was small, we literally lived out of our suitcases on the floor for the entire week.  Breakfast was very good and servers were extremely friendly. They graciously welcomed us every morning and made us feel welcomed. I didn’t get one of the concierges name as I only seemed to see him when we arrived and when we departed, but he was extremely helpful and answered any questions we had. Doormen were always extremely friendly and…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and staff,"This is a great hotel located within walking distance to pretty much everything along the River Thames. The hotel has a lot of old world charm while having modern conveniences, and the employees are extremely helpful for any question or need you might have. Taxis and Ubers are easy to get right outside of the front door. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,“Afternoon tea”,Booked up an afternoon tea visit with my wife. Plenty of sandwiches and a bottle of plonk later we had a great time.  Service was amiable and decent. Food was nice for snacks. Nothing wow but what you pay for the experience is worth it. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the name,"An interesting proposition.  I’ve been booking accommodation in London for more than 30 years now and like to think I am getting fairly skilled at it and getting the best value I can.  Pay under £100 and there’s a risk of somewhere really terrible then over £200 you ought to be able to get something half decent.  Usually I’m on self-financed work trips so I try to get under £100, often staying at Imperial College during student holidays as really nice rooms, great wifi and set up for £70-£80 or a Travelodge in term time when those rooms aren’t available as they’re rarely terrible and comfy beds with working plumbing.    Travelling around the rest of the world I often stay in Hiltons and have moved up their HHonors loyalty programme. But this was a special ‘big celebration’…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb Stay with Great Service,"I stayed with at the Waldorf when I visited to attend a concert. My stay, from start to finish, was lovely. I was greeted graciously and made to feel comfortable and at home straight away. My HH Gold membership was recognized and rewarded immediately. My room was superb, spacious and clean with a good view. The hotel is steeped in history and tradition and the staff in all areas make you feel special. The bar, boasting live piano music, is wonderful and calming; the bar staff and waiters patient and attentive. All in all this place is a historical beauty and the aged architecture should be viewed with both a sympathetic and nostalgic eye. A wonderful stay backed-up by excellent service. I will be back!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shopping/ sightseeing trip,"Overall we didn’t feel ‘loved’, ‘special ‘ - and at these prices you should  Booked 2 rooms (junior suite & queen, both with lounge access) Suite a bit disappointing. Small - space divided to give 2 spaces but smaller than king room we had on previous stay. No teabags in room initially- or biscuits. Coffee machine didn’t work and not changed despite reporting. V small wardrobe (whereas my son in the queen room had huge wardrobe) Our bathroom good. Shower over but good power. Son’s bathroom had problems with power / heat to shower. Random selection of products in bathroom each day. Nice stuff (temple spa) but not 2 of each each day. Odd.  Executive lounge was great. Good breakfast (although avoid scrambled eggs). Canapés & Nice booze 6:30-8:30pm. Not too busy so seats etc. We…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"The staff was very friendly - from the doormen to the reception, restaurants, lounge. Good gym with underground access from the hotel. Rooms are nice and fresh colors. Location perfect with bus stop just in front. Good breaktfast-buffet and the room is very nice. Executive lounge also good and not too big. They serve breakfast, Afternoon Tea and free drinks from some hours in the evening. I only can recommend this hotel. Especially I would like to mention the receptionist Chris - very professional and friendly. Thank you!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand hotel,"Beautiful hotel, very grand and luxurious and the staff were wonderful.  The rooms are lovely just had bit of trouble adjusting the air con, good en-suite.  Breakfast was very very good with friendly & attentive staff.  The location is perfect for shopping or going to a west end show.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,small rooms but perfect location,"I had a room with a king bed, the room was about the size of the bed. The staff was amazing and helpful and the location is PERFECT. You can get anything or anywhere you need in minutes, walking, taking the tube etc. Would definitely stay again but probably would pay for a larger room.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay!,"Just visited here for my anniversary and had a great stay! The hotel is grand and has a real elegant feel throughout. We had a junior suite (great size with stunning bathroom) and they provided a bottle of bubbly on the house to help us celebrate - nice touch! The staff were friendly throughout and the executive lounge was enjoyable. The breakfast was 10/10 in a very grand dining hall - with champagne also included! Certainly an expensive option but the location cannot be beaten. Thanks again, we hope to be back in the future. 5 stars, no double about it!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable afternoon tea experience in lovely setting,"I booked afternoon tea for 3 people for a Saturday afternoon combining both a Wowcher and Groupon deal as none of the deals catered for 3 people. Service was a little slow, although it was a beautiful room, with live harp music, and we were in no hurry so it was ok, but we were probably waiting over 30mins before we were served the food and tea. They allowed us to share the bottle of prosecco between the 3 of us even though only the voucher for 2 included prosecco. We were also given a bonus starter of lemon posset with raspberry coulis which was delicious. There was a good selection of teas to choose from, and they were happy to provide a vegetarian selection of sandwiches as I had requested in advance. Very nice selection of sandwiches - tuna, coronation chicken, egg mayo and…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location," Hotel was clean, good amenities and staff were courteous and helpful. It was in a great location for tourist. In the No 15 bus line, 5m walk to Underground, 20m walk to Buckingham and Churchhill’s War Room, every theater possible within minutes, and of course pubs, we really like the Salisbury in Covent Gardens. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend,"Pro's  - Made us feel special for our anniversary (got a lovely slice of chocolate cake) THANK YOU - lovely decor, clean hotel, lovely room (we had a superior room) - Central location right near the Novello theatre - 2 bottles of complementary water - great facilities  Cons - nothing at all",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of the Waldorf Astoria name,"This was not my first visit to this hotel. It was the third. On previous visits I have been with company and have had the time to absorb lapses in service. On this occasion however, I was travelling alone, for one night only, as I was attending a very special event. Under these circumstances I need to know that I will get what I have ordered - an Executive room, immediately on my arrival in the afternoon, and with all the conveniences of a luxury hotel. My experience was that, service is dependent upon individual members of staff, where there ought to be a consistently high standard across the board. On this day, worldwide check in services were down (or so they said, but my husband was checking in at the Caledonian in Edinburgh the same day, without problems). Although I was…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Stayed of one night we arrived early and we were offered a choice of rooms by the check in staff and all immediately available, we had a room on the first floor with a queen size bed, everything was spot on. After our theatre show which was next door we returned for a drink in the bar the service was very quick even though the hotel was busy. The room was very quiet not disturbed at all, very good choice for breakfast, we left our case for a few hours at the hotel not a problem and on our return the front door staff could not be more helpful. We had a great stay at the Waldorf and would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service,"I'm not normally one to write reviews however I was particularly underwhelmed at the service and stay at The Waldorf Hilton.  I stayed there as a complimentary stay with the Hilton Honours annual membership and my partner and I planned a special night in London to celebrate her birthday.  On the journey down we planned to arrive in good time, have afternoon tea at 2pm, explore London a little then go to a show at night.    Unfortunately, on the way from Nottingham to London, we were delayed by multiple accidents on the M1 & M25 so our arrival time was much later than planned.  So to start off, we tried to call the Hilton just to let them know that we wouldn't make the 2pm arranged afternoon tea.  My partner was ringing continuously for over an hour with not one answer. She…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,best Hilton in London!,"lovely quiet room on the ""inside"",could keep the windows open for a good sleep.no noise! beautiful fresh decor,very comfy beds,large space and exellent bathroom also with window that could open ,top products,hot towels. the breakfast was out of the ordinary and i must admit we are quite spoilt already ...,one are well taken care of as a gold member with free upgrade and breakfast ,really appreciate not having to ""beg"" for the upgrade ! the only thing i missed was another armchair in the room,there is enough space for it so no reason it is not provided.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Dinner,"Very helpful and attentive staff, the food quality was excellent and served in an efficient and timely manner. Whilst the portion sizes were adequate rather than ample the quality and flavour was superb.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor Afternoon Tea ,"Visited this so called “posh” hotel for afternoon tea expecting high levels of service and food, as you would do. Arrived to a wobbly table, a chipped glass and dirty cutlery. The service was non-existent, had to get up and ask for service. We went around 5pm when they were changing from afternoon tea to dinner service, so they dimmed the lights so much we couldn’t see anymore, when we mentioned this to the waiter, we were just fobbed off. The only plus side is that the food is very nice but not worth it without a better service, would not recommend for the prices they charge.   Tips. Don’t give any and use phone torch for more light ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a good experience and awful value for money,"I had wanted to be writing a positive review but this was Hilton at there worst we tried to check in at 2.55 ( check in is stated as 3.00) we were fobbed off with “ it will be ready in 20 minutes’ 3 times and when at 4.00 we got into the room the cleaner was just finishing. So for a room that was costing more than £400 a night I do not expect excuses like we are nearly full and very busy! I have given the hotel 2 stars in recognition of the doorman who were both professional and very friendly, frankly most of the rest of the staff were verging on incompetent. In summary I would not stay at this hotel again and would recommend others to avoid.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, HORRIBLE IN HOUSE RESERVATIONS TEAM","Recently stayed at this historic hotel for a work conference, our entire company booked the hotel as we were a short walk away at the IET near the Savoy. The amenities are beautiful, the staff was friendly. This was 1 October to 3 October 2018.   My issue came when I checked out. They had charged me for a night I didn't stay, despite giving them advanced warning. When I inquired about it with the check in desk, she said that is something I would be able to discuss with in house reservations. I asked to talk to someone at that time, she said they were not available.  I called a week later, spoke with Kate, who indicated the reservation showed the day I arrived was Sept 30th. I asked her if she had my check in logged and she said she did, it was October 1st, but that wasn't their…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good quality hotel, good breakfast.","Good quality hotel, good breakfast, clean recently refurbished twin room, on the small side and windows facing an air conditioning fan but had a quiet undisturbed night with comfortable beds.  There is a lot of options for breakfast and a great range of food available.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Charming hotel,"I loved the feel of this hotel, it felt ‘old school’ but still high end. The decor was lavish and luxurious and the location was without fault.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was spotless. Would 100% recommend.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So much better than some reviews suggest,"We stayed in an Executive room, 2 adults two children.  It was spacious, spotless and we like the fresh blue /grey and white decor.  We even had an extra cloakroom.  It was amazingly quiet given the location, which was just fantastic.  A 2 minute walk to the Theatre Royal Drury Lane, and much the same to numerous other theatres.  The atmosphere in the bar areas was buzzing when we returned, service prompt and friendly.  The executive lounge was a real bonus, we enjoyed complimentary afternoon tea there, and pre dinner canopes and drinks, which was far more like a buffet really and none of us needed a full pre-theatre dinner afterwards. Breakfast was okay, but no tea cups, just thick mugs, which was a shame in such a smart environment.  Overall we would definitely recommend and…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Looking forward to next visit,"This was our first visit to the Waldorf but our 16th/17th visit to London (lost track some time ago). I must say that the visit was excellent! Check-in was efficient and genuinely friendly by Elena. My wife and I were made to feel welcome. Our room was bright and very clean; no hidden areas of dust nor uncleanliness showing lack of care. The heated towel rack kept our bath linens warm and comfy. Bathroom of generous size and the white tiles added to light. It was a room you looked forward to your next return.  Breakfast was quite substantial...just far too many items to mention and all appeared to be ""refreshed"" in a timely fashion. Location is perfect: near Covent Garden with its theaters, ballet and opera.Short walks to Trafalgar Square, National Gallery and National Portrait…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional,"One of the greatest hotels ever! Lovely old building, great welcome, friendly professional staff, easy check in, sumptuous rooms, great dining and lounge. Great location. Good price for London and what you get. Will be back soon.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in a great location,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would definitely recommend it. We had breakfast in the most beautiful ballroom, drinks in the bar and dinner by the piano. The location was perfect for exploring! The room was spacious and luxurious, very comfortable bed.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful,"An opulent hotel with comfortable, well appointed and modern rooms, and an extremely helpful and friendly reception and bell staff. Located on Aldwych the hotel is in a magnificent spot - West End theatres are just outside the door and it’s an easy walk down to the Victoria Embankment and Westminster. I was recognised as a Hilton Honors Gold Member and it was easy to pay with points.   I would recommend highly. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location, friendly and helpful staff. I was celebrating my daughters birthday and they left a birthday surprise in our room. Very thoughtful. I would stay here again especially if going to Covent Gardens or the Theater district. The Hop on and off buses stop right out front. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding hotel ,"Visited this hotel for a night stay, the service , room, and staff were superb. We upgraded to an executive room which meant we could use the executive lounge which was wonderful to have on arrival, lovely sandwiches, cream tea and scones, and pastries. I would totally recommend upgrading, before we went out to our show in the evening we had a quick beverage and canopies in the lounge again, everything was 5 star as expected.   There was a very glam wedding on when we arrived but we didn’t hear anything from our room at all and slept great, the bed was really comfortable. Sunday morning breakfast was at your leisure between 7-11am and had everything that you could want.   This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and will definitely be returning again, hopefully very…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"We stayed here in October 2014 for the Autumn Holiday. The hotel was excellent, nice rooms, great lounge and services. Also the location suited us well when going to the theaters and has Covent Garden close by. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel for beginning of trip ,"The Waldorf Astoria London is a luxurious hotel with a classic style. We arrived from Boston on a red eye.  We took the underground off peak for £3.10  from heathrow to Covent Garden  and it was a five minute walk to the hotel.  Tip:  We used Apple Pay for the underground just make sure each person has a separate credit card and use the same one when entering and exiting the underground. We arrived around 1:00pm and we got a king on the 1st floor (really the 3rd). I do not normally like lower floors but the lifts are small and one of them was being worked on. Next to the lifts their is a beautiful old stair case that we used to walk up two flights of stairs. Our bathroom had a heated towel rack, and the towels were so thick that and warm we reused  them most days. The hotel is…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but.......,"Great location but services, foods, room are very average to poor rating.  Nothing like other Waldorf hotels.  They neglected to upgrade/fixing room.  Certain areas are being damaged and very small closet for 6 nights stay.  Smallest closet I have seen any of Hilton properties in worldwide.  No room upgrade for diamond member which was very disappointed.  TV remote did not work from laying a bed, only worked by close to TV after shaking the remote.  Next visit to  London I will stay other hotel.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,"Was really excited to stay in one of London's most prestigious hotels, perhaps expectations were too high. It was nice, the staff very helpful, no street noise in the room we stayed in, but no view. Expected to be wowed for the price but just as good as some other London hotels I have stayed in, main selling point for us - it was a good location for our purposes.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quite nice,"We stayed here 3 times over the summer. Love the location, bathroom and breakfast. Staff were friendly too. Rooms are quite smaller than I expected for a Waldorf. The gin and tonic is the best bar none.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cosy Historical Hotel,"I stayed for 3 nights. Room was so small and some part (unfortunately) was dusty. First day there was no soap in the bathroom. I didn't find any amenities in the room / bathroom. First morning I woke up with omelet smell! This cannot be acceptable in such type of luxury hotel. Executive Lounge was ok. Breakfast in the main restaurant was almost ok, it can be extended. Bar was ok. Location is really good, concierge was very helpful. Sheets was not changed during my entire stay. I paid a lot although it was not function well.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room for improvement,"Lovely property in an excellent location. On check in there was no Hilton Honors desk. We were early to check in and the staff did their best to facilitate us. We only had a very short wait despite been early. In fact all the staff here are excellent. Room was comforable, well appointed and clean and as usual the Hilton bed was REALLY comfortable. WiFi - as with a lot of European Hiltons WiFi access is tedious and in the case of this hotel you are forced to reconnect every 24 hours. This requires you having to have your device “forget” the network and then retry. Come on guys there has to be an easier way.  We had dinner in both the main restaurant and the bar. Food was really good in both but service was very slow.  Overall we will probably be back",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So disappointed ,"We visited in August but we did not have a good experience. We booked the pre theatre dinner offer through Groupon. Even though our booking allowed for 1.5 hours and the restaurant was less than a quarter full when we arrived, our food was so late that we had to cancel the third course otherwise we would have missed the show we had booked.   Then as I was eating my main course the air conditioning above us leaked over our food and on our clothes. Main course over!  It was a bit of a faulty towers experience really and whilst they refunded the extras we ordered, they said they couldn’t do anything else as it was through Groupon and my last email to them was never responded to. Whilst I understand I booked through a third party this is done at the hotels request and payments will…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hospitality, The very first moment we walked into the hotel everyone was so polite and welcoming .This was a surprise gateway for my fiancé and my 2 years old daughter. Upon check in I’ve explained to the receptionist that this is a very special stay as I’m going to propose to my fiancé . I needed to decorate the room in advance and arrange for little things but thanks to Denise(Doniese) and Elena the situation was handled with the highest level of professionalism so I think they definitely deserve a recognition from the management . We will definitely return. Thanks to all staff in Waldorf Hilton.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand Hotel,We really enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf and please ignore the people who are unwilling to overlook some minor inconveniences because of the age of this historic building  BTW we had no issues with the three (3 )lifts  I am a HH Diamond and my wife and I had the pleasure to enjoy the fine amenities of the executive lounge which was fantastic  Both AM and PM had  First Class offerings and overall service level there was fantastic. The lounge privilege is a very special perk and contributed to our overall enjoyment of the property   Its a great location in Theater District and we were lucky to catch a list minute show and saw Tina the musical about Tina Turner which is next door It was fantastic .Check with the box office in the AM We walked to many other attractions in London…,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average return visit.,"We returned from the hotel after a 2 night stay yesterday and I was slightly disappointed. We are a family of 2 adults and 2 children and we like the location of the hotel as its right in the heart of the West End and within easy distance to the theaters. On getting into our room we found that the tea pot still had used tea bags and half full with tea, not what I would have expected from such an expensive hotel. The lifts are very slow and one wasn't working when we got there which was a bit of a pain. Also I'm not sure that I feel comfortable with anyone being able to come in and and be able to use the lifts and go upstairs as no room key is in operation to activate them.    The hotel lounge area was is quite small and the first time we went to sit down to get a drink we were…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Review of Corporate Event only,"I'm just reviewing a Corporate Event held at the hotel which was very poorly managed and had an appalling dinner. My husband attended this event and I quote, ' It’s probably the worst corporate meal I have ever had. When we were called to the tables they were serving bread but stopped when we sat down. When they served the starter 30 minutes later I twice asked for bread. When they eventually brought it they served it to the wrong side causing confusion.  We had one vegetarian on our table; they brought her food 10 minutes before the rest of us.  The menu was beef with a ravioli, my beef was leather, my neighbours was fine but the ravioli was impossible to eat.  Watching the staff was like a farce; I saw the waiter give food to one person and then he was told to take it back, he…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand and centrally located ,"Have always loved the exterior of this hotel - was really excited to stay here. Efficient (and early!) check in, very clean and well designed room, just a little on the small size for the cost, but that’s London I guess! Surprisingly quiet overnight - got a great night’s sleep! The bar is stylish and staff friendly but not ‘too much’. We skipped breakfast here and walked to the Ivy Covent Garden instead. Really liked this hotel but it is pricey. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Think twice...,"A ""5 star"" hotel that feels like 2 star .High rates,small rooms,very long waits for two tiny lifts,crowded and not well maintained.Narrow pool,limited amenities-not even a pencil...in short :quite a disappointment.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Very disappointing, terrible checkin experience, £300+ for a small bed small bedroom with a view overlooking an atrium roof. Entrance not very welcoming small reception and bar.... nice bathroom though",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Decided to have a couple of Coffees outside Hotel. What a disaster, no staff,we were completely ignored by the Doorman & finally went inside to order.  Eventually Coffees appeared in odd cups a hailstone shaped biscuit to boot.  I’m afraid Waldorf you got it badly wrong.  No quality to what should have been a great experience. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mr R Woliter,"We were very impressed with this hotel, having stayed in the New York one. It only looses one star.  Dinner excellent and also breakfast. Staff very friendly and helpful. Room very good.some photos below , birthday celebration even got a complimentary cake 😀",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extreme comfort,The rooms here are extremely comfortable and this theatreland hotel is ideal for a short stop.  The check in process is very slick and after checking in on-line their digital key facility really takes the hassle away.  Still my favourite central London hotel given its proximity to Waterloo station.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"This hotel is amazing , really nice staff with very friendly smiles. The rooms spacious and clean and the food really good. Location wise it’s brilliant, right in the heart of London and near Covent Garden. It really is brilliant . Only negative is the lifts , they are so slow. But who cares it’s a great hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect....Everything!,"My daughter and I stayed here for five nights in September 2018. Perfect location, perfect room, perfect bed, perfect lounge (except drinks were extremely high). Check in service was very nice and quick.  Concierge was extremely helpful. An extra kudos goes to Sonny.  Location was perfect for everything we wanted to do.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and incredibly friendly and helpful staff,"This was a short business trip and I decided to stay at a different hotel this time, which prompted me to choose the Waldorf Hilton.   The Waldorf Hilton is extremely well positioned near Covent Garden, the theater district and good shopping.   The hotel itself is beautiful but what stood out was the friendliness, professionalism and helpfulness of the staff - it can make all the difference",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant but not Exceptional,"I stayed at the Waldorf for 10 days in September. I was traveling on business. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I had to ask for a upgrade since I am a Hilton Gold member. They did not offer one when I checked in.  They were able to get me a room that faced the inside of the hotel, so no view. However of the room was clean and nicely appointed. I found the concierge‘s to be less than helpful on recommendations for tours and securing tickets to shows and the Harry Potter experience. Myself and my colleagues were mostly left up to our own discretion on what to see and how to get there. The lobby is much smaller than most of the other Hiltons I have been in however the dining room, ball room, and bar are very elegant.  I may try a different hotel next time I’m…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Location for a Phenomenal Trip,"We couldn't have asked for a better location than the Waldorf. It's convenient to everything visitors would like to see and it's so easy to get to the tube, to catch a cab, or to ride Uber.   The staff is very professional and welcoming, and we loved how friendly and upbeat they are. The only hiccup was when we first arrived -- early afternoon, jetlagged, and starving -- and no one could direct us to the restaurant. One of the front desk staff very kindly walked through the lobby with us, but she was also stymied as to its location... which was really odd, but we wondered if she was new? Anyway, we wound up eating in the lounge, then collapsing for a much-needed nap before heading to Covent Garden, a short walk away.  The room was lovely and clean, and it overlooked the street…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Hotel is in a perfect spot - theater district and Covent Garden!  Easy walk to the Underground, Thymes River, Shopping, Restaurants, Etc.  Don't miss a visit to the Tower of London, London Eye, Buckingham Palace - I could go on and on!  ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea - pretty nice,I took my wife here for afternoon tea to celebrate her birthday. We had a pleasant experience. The service was good. Food was good and tea was fine too. My only negative is that for the finger sandwiches there was not a variety of vegetarian options which I have found in other places. We enjoy doing afternoon tea and have frequented many different hotels in London. This one was good. There was nothing wrong with it but noting really wowed me! The harpist was a good touch.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Hotel let someone break into our room,"We organized our wedding at the hotel. At night, as we had gone out, the hotel staff let one of our guests into our hotel room, who lied to them about having forgotten something, in order to steal some of drinks we had in our room. This is a huge invasion of privacy. Having only discovered this from one of the guilty culprits, the Hotel denies having done so, and conveniently says that because it has been 3 months, there is no way of proving it. Even though there is someone who has admitted of doing it.   Furthermore, the hotel did not even any offer some kind of compensation for this. I would strongly advise travellers to stay away from this hotel, as this is just unacceptable and unprofessional.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing tea-dance,"These tea dances get booked up well in advance so I was looking forward to attending the September dance with my husband having booked it months ago. The overall organisation on the day was poor with no proper welcome or direction on arrival at the hotel. In fact, one of the staff didn’t even know what a tea dance was or that the hotel was hosting one that day. That’s poor management. The palm court ballroom is bright but bland, and does not have a sprung floor, so you dance on marble all afternoon, which is hard on the knees! The musicians are experienced (that’s polite for ‘old’) and there was no singer or MC, so the dances were not announced and people who were celebrating birthdays or anniversaries did not get a name-check. This made the atmosphere a little bland and rather…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First time but sure will be back ,"The hotel is nice and clean , in a very central area so easy to access and easy to move. All the staff simply nice and smiling in each moment. Special thanks to the guest relation manager and to all the from of house. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Below Budget Standard Hotel, Stay Away, Save Your Money","What a disgusting and disrespectful hotel Waldorf Hilton and staff are. I paid 4904.75 pounds for an executive suite. I booked an executive suite as I years earlier I was placed in a spacious executive suite for 3 adults and enjoyed it. This time, I was placed in a standard room that would best be described as a budget room with one Queen bed and no sign of a pull out sofa double bed I experienced years earlier. I returned to reception telling Aleesa that I was in a standard room and she rudely argued it was an executive room. After I said I wasn't in an executive room during an embarrassing discussion with her in front of waiting people in the foyer, Aleesa placed me in a room on the executive floor for my parents and I. This room was again very small with a larger bathroom but…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great room,I was on a recent business trip to London and reserved a room on the top floor and used electronic check in prior to my arrival. I was relocated to a room on the third floor from the 8th floor prior to my check in. I am a light sleeper so top floors away from the noise are always my preferred choice. I was pleasantly surprised by the upgrade I received from a queen superior room to a King executive room.  The room was awesome. It had a separate living room and a huge shower and separate bath tub area. The room was very well appointed and everything was extremely clean. Housekeeping came twice a day and replaced towels and cleaned up any mess I had made. The expresso machine with illy expresso was a nice touch. The hotel is in the Theatre district in London and close to a lot of…,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,My Mother and I recently treated ourselves to a stay at The Waldorf Hilton London and it was amazing. We got all the luxuries you would expect when we arrived from door way service to warm towels and bath robes. The buffet breakfast was very good! ,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a Waldorf,"I'm surprised this hotel had so many 4/5 star reviews, feels like I've stayed at a different hotel altogether! Was here in the second half of August on a work trip. First time I've booked a hotel purely by name and location without looking at reviews. It was a convenient walk to work, had the Waldorf name so I figured it had to be good. When I checked in I was assigned a tiny room with a desk with no drawers, a tiny window, a closet with no drawers, tv menu not working (that's how you look up the room service menu here). The one American socket in the room didn't work either. Service was sloowww to bring me the paper room service menu so it was quite late by the time I was done with dinner. The next day I asked to be moved to a different room. I was willing to re pack just to…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"We recently stayed here on a weekend visit to London to see a show , a lovely grand hotel , gorgeous spacious room the only downside we had was we was opposite a staff room and people were coming in and out all through the night and letting the door close with a loud bang which was inconsiderate, I did pop my head out to see who was doing the noise at 3.30 am the staff were carrying a table and apologised but then it continued into the morning ,it  did spoil it a little as the beds are so comfy I thought I was in for a great nights sleep, this was on floor e . Other than that I would return but probably not on the same floor .",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good all round hotel","Stayed 1 night and experienced a good time. Room was good, clean, although mini bar drinks were not cheap and  selection of tea and coffee in room could have been a little better. Service in the reception and bar area was a little slow, maybe because it was a busy Saturday. Rooms were comfortable, bathrooms good, breakfast we skipped as a little pricey at £25 each, but even so a good quality big brand good location hotel",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatres,We stayed so that we could be moments from the Aldwych Theatre.  We went to Tina which was an epic performance and can thoroughly recommend it to anyone.  Pre theatre supper at the Delaunay just a couple of paces away was great and meant that our entire evening was within a tiny walk and made for a great fun experience all round.  You will notice that I say little about the hotel.  This is because whilst it was a perfect location we did have issues with their housekeeping service which rather let down the rest of their staff.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Mumma Mia Location ,"We stayed here for the night for a big birthday treat ( maybe our fault but we didn’t mention it was a big birthday so were given no extra special treatment)  We were satisfied with the room, the staff were polite and helpful and the hotel was a fabulous location for the theatre- right next door.  We were slightly disappointed with the executive suite. It smelt a bit damp, the cups have seen better days and could do with an upgrade. The food however was sufficient. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff and central location,"Located in Covent Garden, the Waldorf Hilton was centrally located for theater and museums alike. Local eateries offered a wide range of options. But the best part was the staff. From Reception to Bell Desk to Housekeeping, the staff was AMAZINGLY generous with information, assistance, and humour.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Service,"My first visit to The Waldorf Hotel and I was not disappointed This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance from most of the major tourist attractions and theatres. The room was tastefully furnished, generously sized and clean. Rooms had all the amenities you would expect from Hilton; dressing gowns, slippers, complimentary tea/coffee, large tv, iron etc. The bathroom was spacious and simply decorated. All of the staff I encountered were very attentive and helpful - really happy with the level of service I received. I had a lovely stay at this hotel and would highly recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mr. John,"Absolutely my favorite place to stay in London.  Check in and bell service great, concierge as well.   Breakfast was great every day.   Ask for Mega she is a great hostess.  Rooms great bathrooms updated nicely and tastefully.   Executive room nice diverse food and drink.  In the theatre district too.  Look no further stay here.  Great value.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Super value - super location,This location is excellent for a weekend in London. Close to Covent Garden and all theaters and plenty of good restaurants. The executive room incl breakfast is good value. Rooms are large and clean. Nice staff.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average,"we stayed here this weekend for my birthday and went to stk and the west end to see mama Mia - this hotel is the perfect location for this ... down sides I found the staff quite awkward, the hotel room was freezing when we first arrived the carpet is very dated other than that the room was okay the bed was comfy! Wouldn’t stay again however.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea- not too bad,"i bought a voucher (£39 for two) for afternoon tea and took my son. The sandwiches were little finger ones with very little filling and dry on the outside (probably been bulk made and left ) the scones were small and flaky, but tasted nice; the cakes looked lovely -the macaroons and battenburg were nice but the chocolate one tasted earthy. . i wasn't expecting 5* but thought the sandwiches might have been a bit better. the waiter was lovely, a good selection of teas and the bottle of prossecco made up for the food. it was good value for £39 ( which was probably the cost of the prossecco!!).",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Take refuge in the bar,On a very hot Friday in July where better to take refuge with a gin and tonic. Bar staff attentive and friendly. Much better than the hurley burley of a bar near Covent Garden. The toilets were clean and airy to.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Lovely hotel in the heart of exciting London. Great service. The excutive lounge is a beautiful oasis to relax after a busy day in town. The rooms are well appointed and the amenities are great quality. Will stay here again upon a return trip to the city.,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friends,Had a lovely High Tea afternoon with my good friend. Waiter attentive and we started with prosecco ... well it would be rude not to.  Finger sandwiches had a variety of delicious fillings although the outside of the bread told me it had been made some time before... a little hard. The cake offering were really good and on top TWO scones each really was too much. Really enjoyed the macaroon and deep  chocolate   Sponge cakes. Beautiful room chandeliers and a harpist to boot!!! Very enjoyable and would come again.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room with no window,"I stayed here for one night and was given a tiny room with no more than a small porthole for a window (see photo). There was a skylight that provided some light, but it also lit up the room at sunrise so forget about trying to sleep in. The room was on the 7th floor and also had sloped ceilings making the bathroom very tight. I asked for a different room but was told the hotel was fully booked. I found this hard to believe. The staff was not helpful whatsoever. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,"We stayed here recently hotel is a beautiful building the only thing we found disappointing was the size of the rooms and beds they were quite small, lovely decor though,all staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful, Breakfast was excellent we didn’t get to use any of the facilities as we just stayed the night and arrived very late but will definitely be staying here again",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality,"The restaurant appeared a little austere even sterile with its imposing columns and high ceilings. However the professionalism and friendliness of the staff immediately warmed is to the evening ahead. The food was outstanding, totally faultless and brilliantly presented. The rest of the night was spent in the wonderful and relaxing atmosphere of the lounge bar where once again received the most fantastic service . A wonderful experience all round ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend,"Lovely two night stay. Efficient check in. Well furnished room,everything we could wish for, bath, shower , comfortable bed, well operating air con. Teas coffees and a full bar available in the room.  Delightful stay would repeat for a central location in future.  Negatives the bar staff were busy but need to work on their customer care. The Swimming pool - drains smell but other than that a good stay.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a surprising delight ,"My partner and I chose the Waldorf collection as much as possible when we travel. The brand is always surprising us. You never know what you can expect and every property is always unique in its own way. It’s not for everyone but it’s also not the four seasons... Chicago for instance had turn down service but a freezing cold pool and a dull breakfast, the staff also doesn’t care to acknowledge the guests. Orlando happens to be filled with too many families but is in the Disney magic. Boca Raton caters to you as if everyone is royalty, And Versailles is in a castle!!! And with the best chocolate on the world.. What could be better! London was in the best location, within all the areas to walk to the shows, grab some wonderful food or just relax back in the hotel. The hotel lifts…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb breakfast,Very good service. Tea and coffee plentiful. Good range of breakfast. Omelettes made to order. Local to theatre and Trafalgar Square. Very clean and felt luxurious. Not sure how much it cost so difficult to say whether good value.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central location in London,The Waldorf is very centrally located and the check-in process is fantastic with the app.  You can choose your room and receive a key on your phone!  Breakfast is included with your stay and was delicious.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Poor,"Can’t begin to describe how disappointed we were with the Waldorf. Check in took forever and service was generally average. The maid also walked straight in our room on a couple of occasions, one of which was very early and could’ve been quite embarrassing. Just an all round, disappointing stay at a hotel of such stature.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over night stay in London ,The Waldorf Hilton London is perfect for a central London stop over.  From check in through to check out the hotel service was impeccable. I only have an issue with one area.  The Bar. Good Godfrey's at The Waldorf Hilton is a classic Cocktail bar and is very busy with weddings and other functions.  They ran out of spirits for specific cocktails that were listed as signature in the bar list/menu. Not good stock management especially on a Saturday in London with a couple of wedding receptions. The bar area Is smart but the staff simply don’t manage this area well. It is very small behind the bar with a door through to a service area. Up to 8 members of staff congregate behind the bar chatting and discussing hotel issues within full earshot of the paying guests. Kitchen porters…,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A less than perfect stay,"Check in was Ok and the room was very nice.   However, I was totally shocked when I found that the bathroom bin had not been cleared from the last occupants. This is extremely poor and not what I would expect from the Waldorf.  I had pre-booked the Afternoon Tea for my wife and I and duly arrived at the correct time. Whilst we were shown to our table promptly, it was 25 minutes before anyone attended our needs. No menu or anything for close to half an hour. They clearly forgot us, as other guests arriving after us, were served before we were. Once our waitress did arrive, she was friendly and attentive and also offered us a complimentary drink by way of an apology.   Later that evening, we ran out of milk for our in room tea and coffee. I thought it would be quicker to go down…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We were very impressed with the Waldorf Hilton,"We were impressed as soon as we arrived by the gentleman who carried our suitcases up the stairs to the staff on the reception desk all of whom made us feel welcome. We strayed in room 118 which I would highly recommend for its quietness and the lack of light in the bedroom while we slept. We had free bottled water which was a plus and the usual assortment of teas, coffees etc and biscuits. The storage space was more than adequate for our stay. The bed was one of the most comfortable we have slept in. We had breakfast for three days and each day the staff were all very kind,and friendly and helpful. One waitress especially brought me my gluten free toast and the butter and even undid the tops of the small bottles of marmalade. This hotel has theaters nearby one was showing Tina…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A badly managed Hilton! ,"Location is excellent. Rooms are good. Gym is fanta-fabulous! So why is it rated so low? I suppose if u r spoilt like us by traveling in Asia, u would probably agree with my rating for this hotel. The room sizes are absolutely fine but it’s not the property that’s the problem, it’s the management. I am extremely upset about it and at times have gone on rants below sometimes addressing the hotel , sometimes just venting out frustration!  Reasons:  1) try calling reception, front desk, house keeping, any service no. : NO RESPONSE. If per chance , at any point of calling zenith times, someone did pick up , whatever was needed would have to wait till at least 30 min before getting to us.  2)Left the housekeeping sign on and went out only upon return to see the room not done. Don’t…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,theatre trip,"This hotel was within walking distance to the theatre.  The staffand bellman were very helpful.  everything was clean.  the food was good and good variety.  I did not use the gym or pool.  I think you have to pay, anyway.  But I would reccomend  for convenience",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,1st trip to London,"We traveled to London first time this year and I spend considerable time researching hotels, points of interest and tours around the city. London is very friendly to travelers.  People are polite, courteous and eager to help. Tube = subway is easily accessible, fast and clean Our hotel was perfectly located.  Everything was at our finger tips, 10-15 minutes walk the most. Waldorf Hilton staff is trying really hard to make your stay pleasant. Here is just one example.   Our room wasn't ready at 3pm.  At 7pm when we returned from our first tour it still wasn't available.  It happened that AC wasn't functioning properly.  Problem was soon fixed and for our inconvenience we were offered a free breakfast the all 8 nights of our stay.  That something I never experienced before. …",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short visit for a cuppa,"First impression fantastic, fairly opulent. Room rate per night varies from 300-500 pounds. Given the location we thought it was not bad especially being near the west end theatres. At first We were welcomed by a very nice staff in the palm room near the grand piano. As it happens wedding preparation was on the way and we were allowed to look around and he was very engaging. Then we made our way to the bar as he suggested for tea and a bite to eat. Admittedly once seated, we were accosted by a waitress who offered a glass of cold water which was refreshing. Then we thought we would order some canapés as we were not very hungry. We conferred with another waitress for the selection on the menu. She was pleasant and we placed our order. After 10mins the pot of tea arrived which we…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location for the theatre,"We called in for a bite to eat before going to the theatre.  We were politely welcomed and shown where we could sit, we chose the lobby area as it was quite bright and airy. Eventually we decided that we would all order the Mamma Mia Meze afternoon tea set menu.  It is from here that our experience went very rapidly downhill.  It took an age to place our order which was a simple order of three Meze's, one coffee, one Earl Grey tea, a breakfast tea and a cocktail.  They forgot my tea, then it took over 40 minutes for our food to arrive and we are still waiting for our teaspoons to arrive to enjoy our mini yogurt! Adding insult to injury was the bill arriving with a £9.50 service charge that I promptly asked them to remove which they did without question thankfully. We won't be…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another memorable stay,"Our expanding family visited for the 11th time. This classic hotel is in a great location, steps from Covent Garden. The central location is excellent for the theatre district on the West End. It is 5 minutes’ walk from the river. The surroundings are safe. There are numerous buzzing pubs and restaurants. We treasure historic memories in this hotel. The rooms vary, but all have rich décor. Storage space is inadequate in some rooms, but we found this a minor issue. There were many new faces with rapid staff turnover. Some lacked experience. This caused some hitches at the beginning of the visit but was soon forgotten. The superb unique Executive Lounge which offered breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks. The Hilton breakfast experience in a huge Victorian style room is…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay here whenever in London!,"Classic hotel in a great location; steps to Covent Garden and most of the theatres on the West End. Always stay here when we are in London! If you are only a couple, skip the additional breakfast they provide as there are loads of places to have a better breakfast within steps of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"If this is truly a Waldorf, then I must be Queen Elizabeth","Very friendly doorman but it ends there.  Rude staff.  Couldn't understand one word they spoke.  Maybe a training hotel?  Run-down room with broken locks on the door.  Do not know how to prepare room service food even after correcting them endlessly.  This may once have been a fine hotel, but Hilton should apologize for call this a Waldorf.  I know Waldorf and baby, this ain't it!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nothing like the Waldorf in Chicago,Nothing like the Waldorf in Chicago.  Check in staff rude and inexperienced.  Somehow Hilton canceled our reservation which was prepared and not cancelable and the hotel staff at check-in insisted I had canceled it. No one issued an apology after they realized they were at  Fault. The breakfast was excellent but the front desk did not remind us it was included in our rate. The location is exceptional.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A class above the rest,From staff to hotel room to food i couldn't find fault with this hotel. Its location is also prime for a trip to the capital.   Not a single disappointment with this hotel. We enjoyed the meals served by the hotel. will be staying there again very soon,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Solid property - great West End location,"One night's stay to see Swan Lake at the Royal Opera House, for which the hotel was ideally located. No issue checking in around midday following arrival from LHR. Good afternoon tea provided in the executive lounge (and other high quality refreshments available) - although space is quite limited, had no issues finding a table. Dinner in the Homage restaurant was efficient, and food of a reasonable standard. Took breakfast the following morning in the lounge where, again, a good variety of choices were on offer.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Grand looking, centrally and conveniently located. ","A posh looking building so conveniently located to public transportation and must sites. Also right at the heart of London’s entertainments for theatres, cinemas and Convent garden. Five minutes walking distance to the river Thames. One minute walk to the Strand. The staff of the Hotel were friendly and welcoming. Rooms were clean and good size. Beddings and pillows were high quality. Had very fluffy towels. Nice bath robes and slippers. Nice size bath and shower. It’s so busy outside the hotel but was quiet inside rooms. We didn’t eat or drink at the hotel’s outlets hence cannot comment. The reason was there were so many restaurants, cafe and bars/pubs in the immediate area we wanted to explore and tried. Would love to stay there again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, great location","This hotel is in an awesome location, right in covent gardens, my favorite area in London! We had 2 rooms, which were annoyingly on completely different floors, but it happens. Both were great sizes, bathrooms nice, mini fridge etc. It is not a cheap hotel at all. So we were kinda disappointed when our room didn't get cold at all even with the a/c full blast. It was hot. the other room some of our family was staying in however got nice a cold. Really the only downside.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely experience,"Four of us went to tea at the Hilton Waldorf. The tea was excellent. Great sandwiches, scones and caked. The offer we went on included a bottle of prosseco. The staff were very polite and courteous. A lovely afternoon.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quick coffee,"We stopped for a quick coffee in the front bar at lunchtime. Lovely atmosphere, quiet, a pianist and very attentive staff. Good service and lovely coffee. Would have liked to stay for lunch if we had more time",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always good,Since its revamo a few years ago this hotel retains a modern  style with old fashioned flavour. Impressive. Coctail bar wonderful but not huge. Recommend you book if you intend to stay in the bar sometime or have more tban a few people.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Celebration break away.,"First class hotel.  Excellent service from all the staff.  We went to the theatre, boat trip and open top bus.  Always nice at the end of the day to return to the hotel with its warm welcome and a little livener at the bar.  Nice to see old faces from a previous visit.  We can’t wait to go back.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb room with plenty of extras,"Was allocated a quiet room as requested but amazed so large for London so clean and a little cake for birthday treat , first class hotel and service was far beter than expected 100% recommend it and so central",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A must!,"We went here for one night and had a show booked at the theatre. It was a gamble but I just booked it quickly and thought no more of it. On arrival the hotel is strikingly beautiful.  I opted for valet parking because it's just so much easier (£55 I think!)  Check in was simple and the woman on reception was so polite I genuinely felt like she meant every word she said!  Upon opening our door we were shell shocked, our room was absolutely enormous! A beautiful marble bathroom with beautiful smelling toiletries and big fluffy white towels, within seconds we had forgotten we were in the middle of London!  The hotel have a hand held guide and it's actually really helpful if you're not used to being in the city! They even offer pre theatre dinners!  We went out to dinner and the…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Reasonable stay,"Took my sister to see a show as a treat with an overnight stay. We checked in early as were due to the matinee performance.  We were allocated a twin deluxe on the eight floor.  When we returned from the show were given another room on the first floor as the receptionist said the lift only goes to the 7th and it would be better for us.  We arrived at room 119 opened the door and it was occupied.  We did laugh but had go all the way back down to the reception.  The receptionist was very apologetic she gave us a drink voucher.  Were given another room which was ok, comfy beds nice bathroom although was disappointed with view looked onto a dingy building and air con units.  We thought perhaps our original room on the eight floor would have been better.  The hotel was very busy with…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice room.  Disappointing outcome post stay.,"Two friends and I stayed one night on 17th August.  It was a treat from one of the friends and we all went to see a show that evening.  We arrived separately, none of our rooms were ready until well after the 3.00pm check in time, however we were offered and took free drinks vouchers as an apology pending our rooms being made up.  The main issue for us was the fact that the following day, in error, I left two pairs trousers behind in the wardrobe.  I realised later that day and because I could not do it myself as I was travelling on, my friend who had originally booked the room made contact with the hotel.  We knew there would be a clear gap between us leaving our room and any new residents coming in and anticipated them being located and stored.  Her experience has been…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel ,"We stayed 2 nights in the Waldorf Hilton before heading to Dover . Upon check in our room was not ready ( which is understandable ) , couldn’t  give me smaller denominations of British Pounds as they were out of cash - huh ? And then we’re told we could not have breakfast upon check in as the current guests had to eat first - aren’t  we guests  as soon as you take my credit card ?   Anyway it worked out for the best - although exhausted we headed out for a day in London and did many of the sites . When we went back to the hotel to see if our room was ready - it was .   The Room was fantastic - we had a junior suite . The Executive Lounge was wonderful  The staff and people were super friendly and helpful . The Location is great .   Except for the Initial first impression as…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location hotel is good without being excellent,"Rooms are typically smaller in UK,  Hotel was good without being brilliant.  Water bottles only supplied on arrival  wifi speed was good but for traveller to London the location was very good with a lot to see in vicinity and close to the river Thames",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mamma Mia Afternoon Tea Underwhelming,"Very disappointing how little effort appears to have been made for the themed Mamma Mia Afternoon tea. The food and drinks were good, but we could have had that at any London hotel, rather than pay the premium for the Abba theme. Also surprised that not all the teas listed on the menu were available.  On a positive note, we were served by a charming young French intern, who is a credit to the hotel, and will go far. Marcus & Tracy",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Old Style Hotel, well run","This is a very solid four stars and could be a five star... The staff is caring, and competent.  Takes a few steps to get up to the room... and if you have a lot of luggage you depend on doormen... and they do a wonderful job.  However, late at night we noticed a couple had to fend for themselves getting bags up to the top.  The hotel itself is very clean (water pressure in ample tub and shower wonderful... as was the case in the past) but my wife thought the club room was not as clean as it should be.  Food in club room is generous, and staff there kind and greeting, but they don't have concierge in club room, only out front.  Breakfast with all the customary foods, and a custom omelet station... above average.  This hotel shines with its marvelous location, no one is as well…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great home base in Covent Garden,Great location near Covent Garden. Short walk to see Harry Potter at Palace Theater. Surrounded by many high quality restaurants. Fantastic breakfast and very helpful concierge. Will definitely stay again. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Afternoon Tea with first class service,"Served in a beautiful room, the prosecco afternoon tea was lovely. Nicely presented on a traditional 3 tier stand with sandwiches, scones, clotted cream and assorted cakes. The Waldorf Blend tea was also very good. All the staff were nice and friendly and regularly topped up our glasses and refreshed the tea. A super afternoon and we were not hurried despite chatting for hours! Thank you to all the excellent staff as well as the chefs.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Had afternoon tea for a birthday treat. Hotel,food,staff were all very good! I have an allergy and was catered for without any problems. We had drinks in the bar first then went through for our afternoon tea.  Sandwiches and cakes to die for! Bottle of prosecco went down very well 🥂 Highly recommend this venue for afternoon tea. Lovely afternoon.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""Great Bathrooms""","My August stay is my 4th visit this year and once again the staff pulled out all the stops to look after me and other guests.  The Reception staff took time to engage with customers, even when they were busy.  So check in was busy but you felt that you were being treated individually when it was your turn. One of the great features about the elegance of The Waldorf is the very spacious Bathrooms with large bath, separate shower and his and hers vanitory units.  All in classic black and while tiles and marble. What a great example of providing a facility far beyond what most people have a home!  Can't remember when they placed some tables and chairs on the pavement outside the lobby lounge but even with the hustle and bustle and the traffic noise, having a glass of wine after a…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good location!,"We stayed here for a weekend break recently. As Diamond members,  we received a warm welcome. We were unable to obtain an upgraded room as the hotel was very busy. The room we were allocated was small, but pleasant. We went to the executive lounge for drinks one evening, but left after one drink, as the lounge was clearly unable to cope with the numbers using it. We then visited the bar in the lobby and enjoyed a more pleasant (and expensive) experience. We decided to use the restaurant for breakfast, as opposed to the executive lounge, just to avoid the crush. Breakfast offered a good selection, but the service was inconsistent. On the first day, we went down at around 9:30am and it was busy. I asked for breakfast tea with two teabags, since I prefer strong tea. It took a…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mamma Mia Afternoon Tea ,What a great venue for an excellent Afternoon Tea.  It was actually more High Tea (6pm) Finger sandwiched were perfect and an excellent choice of cakes. Definitely recommend a visit although its not cheap at £32 per person. ,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,So my daughter booked a weekend in the Waldorf hotel  we had a suite it was really a beautiful room.  We also had access to the executive suite.  We're there was afternoon tea.   And in the evenings there was nibbles free of charge.  The stAff were very helpful  the only small complaint I had was the breakfast. It was a little cold and they had run out of a lot of stuff other than that it was a wonderful experience and I wud love to visit again.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theater trip,Great hotel and excellent staff and location also would go back again as the hotel is so close to most of all the theaters and for shopping . Some good pubs to and great for site seeing and good transportation around,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Great hotel in a great London location, close to Covent Garden and theatres. High standard of service and accommodation. Superb high tea served in the executive lounge. We stayed 4 nights and could have easily extended our stay apart from scheduled flight ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury experience,Lovely night at Waldorf Astoria very helpful & friendly staff. A 51# wedding anniversary experience to remember. Enjoyed a cocktail in the bar before going to the theatre. Everything about this hotel is total luxury from the concierge service to the bedrooms.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel;  Excellent staff and service,I have stayed at the Waldorf several times.  This is an excellent choice for a hotel for a long London stay.  The hotel staff is very friendly.  The rooms are clean.  The exercise facility is fabulous.  And the breakfast buffet is consistently good and offers some of the best classic AMERICAN-style coffee in London.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"My friend and I had tea yesterday afternoon at your lovely hotel. We were early and chose to sit outside to watch the world go by. The serving staff were warm and welcoming,especially Jessica, our waitress. She was so very welcoming and professional that we speculated that she might be on a career pathway! I hope so as she is what the hospitality industry needs! The tea was fine and nicely served, accompanied by a beautiful and subtle harpist. Thank you for a delightful afternoon .",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Located steps from Covent Garden. Walking distance to all central London attractions and all theaters. Busy location with lots happening and lots of pubs and eating places within walking distance. Rooms and bathrooms and good size and well appointed. Air conditioning in the room was a problem. Some nights it worked fine and other nights it just wasn't working very well and it got very uncomfortable as it was very hot in London this July. Staff/service is ok. Nothing to write home about.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as amazing as I expected,"I was quite excited about staying at the Waldorf Astoria building in London. I am a huge fan of history and architecture so decided to stay there for our final night of our trip. I was in England on business and we turned it into a family vacation. Anyway, let’s get to it. The good.The hotel is stunning visually from outside. I love the area, close to theatres and Trafalgar Square and the tube. If you’re touristing about you really can’t do much better location wise. It’s a short walk to all the basics like London Eye and Big Ben and even the palace. The room was spacious and very clean. Something I love. Housekeeping is a huge point for me. The check in was smooth, I had asked for early check in and they were not able to accommodate but I understand it’s not always able to be…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our favorite regular London base!,"My mother and I have been staying at the gorgeous and timeless Waldorf Astoria in London during the spring and at Christmas for years now. We always book an Executive Lounge room since the lounge is the most appealing amenity that the hotel offers. It is beautiful with a professional atmosphere, and the service is consistently phenomenal. The valets and concierges downstairs in the lobby are always very kind and helpful as well. The location and city views from the hotel, especially from the lower floor rooms and the Astor Suite, are very hard to beat. A highly recommended base from which you may experience London at its finest!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel w disabled access,Good efficient hotel with excellent staff. On arrival the steps too reception look daunting to a person with mobility problems. However guided to a small lift to the left which raised me up to the level of reception. Be aware it can be a bit temperamental or that’s how we found it.  The drinks and food in the Good Godfrey bar are excellent but be prepared to wait as service can be a bit slow. Will stay again as it’s in a great location. ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,Had a really lovely time having afternoon tea at the Waldorf the setting reminds of days gone by the service was impeccable and the food very well presented and very tasty The little cakes on the top tier was lovely although I only ate one because I was to full up The scones were light and fluffy and very tasty if you have a couple of hours pre book a date and experience afternoon tea at the Waldorf,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel and Great Location,"We had a wonderful time at the Waldorf Hilton London. It's a central location and located right near great restaurants, shopping the tube and theaters. I loved the feel of the hotel and area. We LOVED the Executive Lounge, which offered an amazing full breakfast, afternoon tea, and canapes at dinner time. We would love to come back here again!",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay but double charged us on credit card,"It was a lovely hotel in a great location. We are a family of 4 and stayed in a room with 2 double beds. The room was large enough and the bathroom was nice and clean. We had a room facing in so it was quiet. My only complaint is when we called for extra towels and help with a non functioning lamp, no one came. Also, check your credit card statement, they charged us 2 times for our stay!!!",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a favorite ,"I have stayed here many times, and it is always a favorite. The location is excellent and beautiful. This Covent Garden spot is great for walking the city and taking in the sights. It is quiet with many lovely choices within a few blocks.  The inside of the hotel is beautiful and full of history.  I have had all types of rooms here, from Suites to standard rooms. All have been clean, well appointed and thoughtfully designed. The bathrooms have beautiful tile and marble, heated towel racks and good showers.   The executive lounge is one of the best, and the concierges there are wonderful. The food is amazing, and the happy hour is excellent with many beer choices as well as upscale spirits and wine. It is the perfect place to have a breakfast before meetings or sightseeing, and a…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality is slipping,"We've stayed here several times over many years and this time were really disappointed - even the restaurant was closed for lunch with only counter lunches available from the bar. It is really central to everything, but sad to see it slipping.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor Hotel,Rooms were not ready until 430pm.  Room type was wrong. Phone and furnishing covered with dust.  Bathroom tiles cracked and leaks water to the floor.  Used shampoo left from previous guest.  You better tip the concierge staff or you won't get much service from them.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel - Good location,First time I have stayed but will go back.  Very central especially for the theatres. Staff very polite and helpful.  Cleanliness was excellent and a good nights sleep in comfortable beds.  Breakfast had lots of choice and served in a very grand room.  The hotel was overall beautiful.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A huge disappointment ,"Booked for a birthday treat. At check in, no dedicated staff member dealing with Honors members. Had to queue behind 2 separate parties, both of which were making complaints- bad omen !! Junior suite was lovely. Spacious with generous bathroom. However it was roasting hot. The built in air conditioning was hopeless but 2 separate units had been placed either side of the bed . The larger one did blow out welcome cool air however it was incredibly noisy & as there was no way we could survive a night without it we had 2 sleepless nights due to the noise. We had Executive Lounge access. First evening the drinks were fine & the nibbles ok. Second evening was chaos as the number of people turning up at 6pm far exceeded the number of chairs in the lounge. I would not be happy having…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Total Class!!,"After knowing the illustrious history behind this place, it did not disappoint! Every single person, from the doorman to concierge, to the restaurant workers made us feel effortlessly at home. The modern touches on our room blended seamlessly with the Victorian style splendor! My only complaint would be that the tub surrounds allowed water to collect in the corner of the bathroom floor. Mildly annoying at most I assure you! You won’t regret staying here and I can’t wait to come back!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary,"Back to the Waldorf for our anniversary which we have done for a number of years. Two night stay, upgraded (very nice, thank you), delicious steak meal in the Homage restaurant, breakfast was comprehensive and delicious too! Staff very friendly and attentive as usual making us feel very well looked after. First time to use the executive lounge here and I must say first class!! Great staff, selection of foods and lovely atmosphere. Will look forward to coming again!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay.,"This is the second time we have stayed here and it will not be our last,still has that good feeling when you arrive. Stayed in a junior suit as there was three of us and was just the right space.If you book one with executive lounge access you will not be disappointed at all, afternoon tea,and free coffee and soft drinks are available, and on the evening you get hot and cold snacks with free bar.  Rooms are very clean and have most things needed to complement your stay or break. The hotel is very near theaters, and covent garden is just round the corner. A gym and pool are also included in the room price.Breakfast is as the hotel, great the staff are very friendly and helpful we will be back again next year.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We came here for afternoon tea with a Woucher Deal before seeing a show.  The service and staff were lovely, friendly and attentive., especially Jessica. We had a whole bottle of prosecco, two pots of tea, fruit and plain scones, a selection of sandwiches and some mini cakes. All very lovely and great value for money.  My only observation was that the sandwiches could have been a little more inspired.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location - room for improvement ,Very well located hotel and one of the best hotel gyms I have seen.  This is a great place to be based for west end shows and other central London attractions.  Although the check-in experience left a lot to be desired it was a clean and professionally run hotel.    The room was on the small side but had a good bathroom with a large shower.  The pressure on the shower could have been better.,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely place central and convenient ,"After several visits to this lovely old hotel, we used the pool and sauna for the first time today both lovely and clean and easy to access via the lift. Last night we are in the hotel restaurant as always the food was fabulous, this time there was one little extra special difference a lovely new waitress called Jessica, an absolute pleasure to meet and be served by such a welcoming polite young lady she made our evening meal just a little more relaxed and offered a level of service beyond the normal very high standards which we always receive.   A great place to stay very central an convenient to explore the lovely London city experience.   ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always nice,"I have stayed multiple times for business and the London Waldorf never disappoints. Conveniently located to the theater district and good restaurants, you can't go wrong here. Friendly staff and well-apointed rooms are what make me come back. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome Family Vacation ,We stayed at the Waldorf London for a week long family vacation with our three kids age 12-15. As Hilton Gold guests we received one free room upgrade to a Jr Executive Suite. Since we had executive rooms we had free breakfast at either the full buffet or the restaurant. Also afternoon tea and evening cocktails and canapés in the executive lounge. What a wonderful perk that gave us a much needed break from long days sightseeing in the London heatwave. All the staff from the front desk to the lounge were fantastic and seemed to really enjoy their jobs. We highly recommend this hotel and can’t wait to stay at the Waldorf in Rome on our next vacation. Hope it lives up to this great property!! Thanks to all!,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful as always,"We have stayed 8n this hotel many times. Does need a bit of a renovation however excellent staff, exceptional breakfast and optimum location. We love this hotel and will continue to recommend and stay here!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quite a deception,"We came in with high expectations, and they weren't met. In a cold winter in London, we began our stay with a malfunction in our heating system and even an intervention by the maintenance guy wouldn't suffice and we changed rooms, not once, but twice, this time because they hadn't an extra bed (only to have an employee at our door an hour later with both an additionnal electric heater and an extra single bed, the precise reasons why we had to change rooms twice and could've avoided with a better staff...)",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Deluxe Location and Exemplary Staff!,"We could not have selected a more perfect hotel location than this Waldorf. It is smack in the heart of the theatre district of Covent Garden with at least 10 theatres within a stone's throw. Currently, Mama Mia, Hamilton, The Lion King, Les Miserable, Aladdin, 42nd Street, and the Tina Turner review are playing. Many top Broaway plays actually stage in London first.  There are numerous good restaurants, pubs and shops within a mile from the front doors, as are the busses (some lines stop right in front) and several underground stations.  The staff are exemplary here. From the doormen to concierge to wait staff, all were incredibly accommodating, helpful, and extremely polite. The crew at the Executive floor were over-the-top delightful.  At this floor, if you are a diamond…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but","The big plus of this hotel is the location, which is right next to Covent Garden, one of the more pedestrian friendly areas of central London.  If you have theatre tickets, this is also a great location.  This is however, a very old yet historic hotel.  I was disappointed that Hilton management chose not to renovate the property to even slightly modernize the interior and overall physical plant.  This became an issue when the A/C in our room failed.  After observing the mantainence  personnel finally repair the unit, it was apparent that the rooms have old equipment.  This wouldn’t have been an issue if it were not for the historic heatwave in London this summer.    ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sumptuous treat, Called into bar for pre-theatre dinner on recommendation of Novello Theatre.   Wonderful experience!   Sophisticated.   Staff very helpful and friendly.   My son and I chose the Greek Mezzi  which was served on a three tier cake stand.   Very novel .   Delicious .  Very good value for money.    Lots of small dishes .   Couldn’t possibly eat it all .   My husband had King prawn Caesar salad which  he thoroughly enjoyed.   ,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An upmarket special Sunday,We decided to take a group for an overnight Sunday with 4* afternoon tea well all I can say is fabbbb u lasssss we had a great room over looking the entrance and then after checking in went for afternoon tea witch was out of this world..we even meet Warwick Davis and his wife who were having afternoon tea as well. Breakfast was as you would expect very good,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,After show meal,"Went to see Tina  the musical and booked here for their set menu after the show. Staff were friendly and very professional, food was beautiful as well as extremely tasty. Excellent pianist and singer too, Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location but everything else is very average,"I stayed for one night at the Waldorf as I was going to the Novello theatre (right next door), and in terms of location it was great for this. Other than that, the hotel was underwhelmingly average. The rooms (I had a deluxe queen room) are tiny with barely enough space to move around the bed. If I had needed to work, the desk would have been insufficient size-wise to do so. The staff are friendly, and the bar is fine, but nothing special and if you are paying upwards of £240 per night there are much better options around the area.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The only good thing about this hotel is the location.,"I stayed here nearly every week from November 2017 until February 2018 on business and have since stayed occasionally.  The rooms are standard. Clean but nothing special about them.  The food is terrible.  The options are limited and post meal you feel as if you would have been better going to the fish and chip shop.  If you want to eat healthy, eat somewhere else.  In my most recent stay I was put in a room on the top floor where there was a machine from the roof of the hotel constantly making noise throughout the night.  I complained and was told they couldn't do anything about it and couldn't change my room as the hotel was fully booked.  The staff never even offered me a pair of ear plugs.  It was one of the worst nights in a hotel I've had.  They did offer me 10,000 Hilton…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Style and Class,"This is a hotel with style, class and a bit of history about it. The afternoon tea dances are legendary here. Perfectly located for everything, first time or returning visitor. Fancy a west end show? There are about six theatres within a few yards of the front door! Friendly staff, knowledgeable and helpful. Bar area is a little cramped, and be prepared to queue for breakfast at busy times. A visit will not disappoint.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely iconic hotel in theater district,"1. This is the best neighborhood to stay in while travelling. 2. The Waldorf may be old (celebrating 100 yrs) but they have exceptional service, renovated rooms, GREAT gym, very well appointed executive lounge and a concierge that goes out of their way to assist you...even before you get there if you request help.  Ask for Ahmed!  We will be back!",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab price for prime location,"We stayed here back in September for my birthday. Having stAyed recently at 5 star hotels including the savoy, the Mayfair etc I thought I should leave a review  Couldn’t fault the hotel such a good price, clean spacious room with period features. Great customer service from check in to check out   Prime location   Would recommend",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We Love the Waldorf- GREAT LOCATION,"This hotel is fantatsic. in the prime Theatre district. Next to every Pub, shopping, cafes, restaurants and about a 20 minute walk to Big Ben. The staff is Wonderful and attention to detail is never overlooked. Great time as always and we will return",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hit and miss!,I might be the odd one out... but I really don't understand the outstanding reviews for this hotel.  The name Waldorf is a nod to faded glory... the hotel is just a Hilton... and a pretty poor one at that.  Before I continue can I just say that my critique is more aimed at the management... they train their staff well... all of the staff that I came into contact with were fabulous... truly excellent... HOWEVER  I was here as part if a group and the experience was very mixed.  We were all booked on the same basis... some of the rooms were ready early... some were not ready until early evening!  Some were fabulous... some were poor  The bedroom corridors had a distinct dirty water smell  The upstairs decor is tired... actually scrub that... use the word SHABBY!!!  The rooms were…,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just what we needed,"If you are looking for clean and bright modern rooms, friendly staff and a hotel in the bustling theater district of London... stay here! We ended up at this hotel by chance after another we reserved in town fell far short of our expectations. The front desk staff worked diligently to accommodate our requests of having nearby rooms since we were traveling with children. They were kind and gracious and so genuine.  We arrived so stressed and upset and they set our worries at ease. The day manager should be recognized for her graciousness. The hotel itself had a wonderful breakfast buffet with helpful staff and delicious food and a great bar to hang out at night once the children fell asleep. The decor is sleek but not ostentatious. The rooms are of a nice size for London. And the…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lifesaver,"We'd been staying in much cheaper accommodation nearby during the London heatwave when we decided we just couldn't stand an un-airconditioned room any longer. We booked a night at the Waldorf Hilton at 11pm and at 10am the next day rolled in with our bags saying, 'we know we're early so can we store our bags while we go and be tourists?' The lovely receptionist said if no one had stayed in our room last night it would be ready and we could have it! And so it was!! Such luck. Everything about the Waldorf was lovely, from the doormen to the concierges to the other guests who were all so friendly. The bed was comfortable, there was a full-size bath and the room was cool. Perfect.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab weekend stay,"Visited this hotel after being given a two night stay there as an anniversary gift. Not been to London for many years so were pleased to find the location was within a short walk of Westminster & there were many theatres on the doorstep. The Hotel is traditional with old world charm & staff who are in tune to your every need without being intrusive. If you like being waited on this is great. The bar area was charming, food cooked & presented to a very high standard and the room was generous in size and very clean and comfortable. The only problem we had was getting breakfast on Sunday morning. There was a large queue waiting to go into the dining room & we don't queue so we ate elsewhere, albeit breakfast had already been paid for. We would be happy to stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding ,The hotel staff is incredibly helpful and friendly!!  We loved that the doorman wears a bowler hat. The rooms were clean but we were glad that we booked 2 rooms for our family of 4 because they are small by US standards. The beds were very comfortable and everything in the room functioned well for us. They do also have USB ports which was very nice!!  You can find a Starbucks and Pret A Manger within a block walking distance plus the Duke of Wellington Pub is across the corner and has delicious British food. We would definitely stay at the Waldorf Hilton again!,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Afternoon tea, slow start but improved with time","Ok ,like most people here we were on a voucher deal for tea with a bottle of prosecco ,so wasn't expecting anything spectacular.  We got there early and had a drink in the bar before the restaurant opened. Small bottle of coke and a cranberry juice for just under £10.  Once the restaurant opened we were shown to our table in quite an ornate dinning room. Service started a little slow but we were offered our drinks to get us going. Unfortunately the prosecco wasn't chilled but as the afternoon went on the ice bucket got it to the right temperature.   A good selection of teas was offered and the sandwiches, cakes and scones were all fresh. Our waiter kept a keen eye on our glasses and topped us up appropriately.  We spent almost two hours on the tea in the end and were entertained…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location and efficient, well run hotel in central London","Location was great and overall decor of hotel good.  Room quiet at the back - no view but we could sleep peacefully in central London - linen was of good quality and pillows great.  Concierge service good.    Outstanding customer service from Carmen in the Executive Lounge, although the food there was a bit hit and miss - some items they did well but others like the bacon were dried out from being kept warm a long time.  Only disappointing element in our trip was to discover that the prepaid price for the [not inexpensive] room did not include VAT so finding an additional £50 on the bill at the end was a bit of a shock - next time when we compare hotel prices we will make sure we read all the small print to ensure we are judging like with like.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stunning,Attended my friend's wedding and this place certainly did not disappoint what a stunning place door staff were very welcome the waitresses were amazing always smiling would have loved to have spent the night here but unfortunately was unable to however I will make sure I do at some point.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Hotel in the theatre district,"My wife and I were in London to attend a wedding and no visit to the British capital,  is complete without a visit to the theatre. The location could not have been better. The church on Fleet Street, took hardly a few minutes by taxi and the Drury theatre was just around the corner with the eating places at Covent Gardens, a short stroll away. Breakfasts were good, the staff polite and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is great,"It’s a well run hotel in a great location. Within a few blocks of the theatre district, Covent Garden, the Thames and much more. Lots of pubs. Lots of inexpensive food places. In Covent Garden there is Le Pain Quotidien for breakfast. Also on King Street, Clos Maggiore, a 5 star restaurant voted Most Romantic. Bar at hotel is very good. Old world charm. Very friendly staff. The concierge will book Eagles Chauffeur Service for you at 75 pounds to or from Heathrow. Very decadent.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good theatreland classic but breakfast gets too busy,"we stayed here, as many people do, to relax after a show at the nearby Opera House. it truly is in the heart of theatreland and is a perfect location with most places including Covent Garden within a 5 minute walk  our room was nicely decorated with a stylish bathroom. As often in this hotel, no views beyond a brick wall but then you're not going to get acres of green fields outside in WC1 ! The executive lounge is fabulous, as ever.  our only worry was that since our last visit, the breakfast room had gotten smaller!  this caused long queues on a not particularly busy day as there were far too few tables. I guess they use the Palm Court for overspill sometimes when it's not booked for a function, but it was when we attended so we had to wait.  Top marks to the staff though who…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Can't beat the location,"The number one thing about this hotel is the location. It simply cannot be topped and we will stay here many more times, for that reason. We saw 5 shows in 10 days - it was wonderful. It's in a safe area with easy access to Covent Garden, The Strand, and the City - so centrally located.  The most important thing to know is that this is not a Waldorf Astoria. It is a ""normal"" Hilton - and it is nicer than most. We upgraded rooms once we arrived (which we paid for) in order to get to a comfortable room size, which is absolutely to be expected with that sort of location (we do travel a lot and to Europe a lot, so I don't have unreasonable expectations). So, make sure to get a big enough room. However, don't expect a Waldorf Astoria experience. The hotel is nice and clean, etc., but…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb!,"We haven't stayed at the Waldrof for a number of years, so didn't know what to expect. We were NOT disappointed. We had a King executive room, which was outstanding and that was only th beginning. The hotel is in th perfect location for Covent Ganrden area but more that that, it is a stunning classic! The staff were stunning, attentive and could not be nicer or more helpful. We would have no hesitation in recommending this to anyone. Highly recommended, thank you so much Waldorf staff.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"For a nicer London hotel, above average - rooms were fairly spacious & modern","(if you find this review useful, please click the 'thanks' below - it helps me know people read these and its worth the time to write them)  Located near LSE, the courts, Covent Garden and the Theatre district, with good bus links (though no super close tube), this hotel is in a convenient location for many people.  The room I was in - double/twin beds - 5th floor, away from elevator, was quite, spacious by London standards and will a good bathroom.  TV was very large wall mounted, wifi was fast / free, and linens were above average.  View was typical - other buildings.  Breakfast was included, and a well stocked buffet, but definitely had one of those auras that many large London hotels do where its packed with American and European tourists & lots of children, overeating…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the spend,"I was surprised at how poorly renovated this facility was. Slow elevators, confusing floor plan layouts, and overall bad facility ( at least breakfast was good). Truly disappointed. The beds were on rollers so God forbid you sat on the edge (as I did) and go FLYING off onto the floor. Bathrooms were “odd” at best and the wardrobe closet was hilarious. Has drawers that couldn’t open because they were blocked by a permanently sealed door (which also made getting the iron and robes out a bit of a challenge). If you’re going to spend $400+ per night, stay at the Indigo.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Luxurious Hotel.,"Th Waldorf Hilton, a very luxurious hotel with amazing rooms and amenities. Excellent business lounge for guests, the swimming pool and the spa are very nice. Breakfast in the mornings are amazing and they have an array of options to choose from. The staff are always on point and they tend to go above and beyond. If you want a luxurious place to stay and fell good at the same time, this is the place to go!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Back after almost a year.....still a quiet sanctuary in the theatre district,"We had not been back to the Waldorf in some time....so was great to be back.  Generally the location is excellent and the rooms though small deliver on the basics.  On the negative side this time the service seemed to be inconsistent......sometimes had to call to have the room cleaned, service in the bar was stretched, etc.  Will try a few other places to compare and hope that this hotel continues to improve.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theater-lovers,Great location if you love the theater. Very friendly and helpful staff. Comfortable though room is not too spacious given the price (though not really surprised as this is London). Breakfast not as satisfying as what we’re used to (again not too surprised because this is London.:-)),Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family Get Away,Great location!  Covent Gardens nearby. Tour bus pickup also close. Executive room offers access to lounge. Wonderful breakfast along with evening spirits and appetizers. We were able to walk to many landmarks with ease.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"If you love overpowering perfume, this is your hotel.","Although not up to the standards expected from a Waldorf this hotel isn't bad. It's in a very Central location and convenient to theaters, restaurants and public transport. They have a machine that constantly pumps out an overwhelming perfume in the lobby by the lifts. It's so strong that one would think they are trying to cover up the smell of a dead body, honestly, I'd rather smell the dead body! The rooms are tiny so be prepared for that, it's basically for sleeping only. Housekeeping doesn't arrive until late in the day which is inconvenient if you happen to come back for an afternoon rest.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, well situated to theatres and attractions","We booked the Astor Suite, it was really a treat, and had its own champagne fridge and selection in the lounge and the suite was really well decorated for the theme. Service great, could not fault the room except for the inside of the cupboards, which were bright blue and in some areas the wood chipped and safe very small, could not fit a small notebook pc. Other than these small observations it was exceptional. Breakfasts were busy and there were queues and unfortunately few times the buffet ran out of food in the containers. But a really great hotel, nice Wimbledon theme at entrance and exceptionally busy. The reception allowed early check which I found very professional and attractive and that alone is worth the visit. We had booked 2 suites, but the travel agent had double…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stayed 3 nights in july 2018,The hotel had a great location.  The staff was really nice and helped us with everthing we needed.  Only problem was it was really hot while we were there and I would not call what they have air conditioning.  It was more like a fan that recirculated cool not cold air.  Also the bathrooms were stifling hot the recirculated air didn't quite make it in there.  Had we visited another time of year I would have given it 4 stars.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Birthday,Two nights in London at the Waldorf Hilton in the perfect location for a trip to the ROH. Great room with very effective air con that did not sound like a jet engine. Will be back again next year to see Tosca at the ROH.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Couple stay,One night stay in London to celebrate with my wife.  Walking distance from theatres and Covent Garden As HH members we were treated really well. The breakfast is still to be worked a bit more for this brand.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Business stopover...,"Great experience as usual. Greeted as a long lost Friend who hasn't been around for a while.  Checked in late around 5 and room wasn't quite ready. No worries please have some drinks on the house whilst you wait... perfect.   Room was fine, functional although small but the bed and shower were perfect.  Will definitely be back... soon I hope.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,I stayed here with my husband for my 50th birthday treat. I definitely do not think it was worth £275 that my hubby paid. The room was small and our view was a brick wall. We stayed at a premier inn in Kent on the Saturday night and it was so much better,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional hotel in the Theater District,"Excellent hotel in the theater district and within minutes of the underground station which was convenient to move around and outskirts of London.  Also, within walking distance to King's College and several fine restaurants.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but teeny tiny room,"I stayed here one night with my partner. This hotel is situated on the Strand, in the heart of theatreland and easy walking distance from the river, Covent Garden and many other tourist sights. The ground floor is very grand, but (as is often the case in older London hotels) our room was tiny, including a very small double bed. There was not enough floor space for luggage, wardrobe not big enough for luggage either so we continually tripped over it. There was barely enough space to get around the small bed. The window had a spectacularly ugly view of rooftop air conditioning units. A scruffy vacuum cleaner sat outside our room for the whole time we were there. Noisy air conditioning and I only discovered after washing my hair that there was no hairdryer in the room (though they…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,UGH!!!,So disappointing.  Stayed here twice before but the hotel had gone DOWN HILL!! In service and cleanliness they need a loot of work.  They also need to upgrade their staff.  Don't waste your time or money.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,Stayed here on Saturday night 30th June. Chose hotel because it was close to Aldwych Theatre where we were going to see Tina the Musical (which by the way was fantastic). It was literally next door.Arrived early but were allowed to leave cases with congiere-as our room was not ready. All the staff were attentive and nothing was too much trouble. Room was spotless and very quiet considering location. Breakfast was  as good as any hotel I have visited. One trivial thing-came from show around 10 and fancied something to eat and very limited choice but no hardship as many places to eat around. However this doesn't stop me from recommending this hotel to anyone wishing to sray in London. ,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!,"This experience would have been very satisfactory had the air conditioning in the room been working.  Despite me reporting this four times, I wasn't even offered a fan until the last night of my week-long stay.  And I am a frequent guest at this hotel, so it was very disappointing to see the lack of concern by the front desk and guest services manager. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Poor, Poor, Poor!","I booked a night at the hotel prior to a foreign holiday, and to meet with my nephew.  When we arrived our room was not ready.  We booked in and were told that we would be called when the room was ready and that our luggage would be in the room waiting for us.  We went into Good Godfrey - the bar - and ordered cocktails and food.  The drinks arrived but we waited 40 minutes for the food to arrive - and were told that the delay was due to the lack of staff.  3 hours after booking in  we had not heard anything.  We returned to the hotel - and told that the room was now ready.  We were given our key and advised that the luggage would be taken up immediately.  We waited half an hour for the luggage - it did not arrive.  We called reception and asked when we could expect our luggage.…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely lunch,My son took me here for a meal for my birthday.  We had wonderful service and the food was incredible. A real treat. I'd love to come again! There was no wait for service and our glasses were filled for us constantly,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meal Deal,"As usual the ladies were leaving their bread and butter late but I managed to leave my work place on time. Headed for the cocktail bar since my work load was extremely stressful and asked for a simple Cosmopolitan. Nothing simple about it. The best Cosmopolitan I've ever had in life. I couldn't contain myself and opted for another, but it did not taste the same second time around. Long and short of it is that the right bar staff with the right skill set can only make the sublime cocktail. I summoned that staff member in the best possible manner and experienced my exquisite , first time around, Cosmopolitan once more. Savouring every complexity of accurately measured flavours. HEAVEN!  Ladies finally arrived and we were placed in a big hall that felt cold and lacking atmosphere.…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fur coat, no knickers","Receptionists hide behind a smile and in reality dont really care. We complained about room 108 which was very noisy from the function room below, we were told that the function would finish around 1am so it was ok, Really?? We requested a room change and we were put into room 716 (stinks of a smokers room) which we were not informed of. We were informed that we had to vacate 108 immediately as they had to re-sell the room now that they were re-locating us! They clearly hadn't sold 716 (wonder why?), so why the rush to move us out. This ruined our anniversary trip. The Tina Turner show was brilliant!, the weather was fab! and local cafe's and pubs halved the cost of otherwise breakfasting/drinking at the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little tired looking now!,We’ve stayed at this hotel a few times and I must say that it is definitely in need of a refurb or tidy up now!! Took a while to be seated for brekkie on Saturday morning but the breakfast itself was lovely! We would stay again but there are much nicer hotels within that price bracket which we’d probably stay in next time. ,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great choice for a London weekend break,"We stayed here a Saturday night in July for a weekend sightseeing trip to London (2 adults & 5 year old).  First of all, you cannot beat the location of this hotel.  You are in walking distance to everything here, you really don’t even need to use the tube!  The service was excellent, even had a call from reception at around 730pm to see if everything was ok with the room.    The room itself was nice, bed super comfy.  Yes it was small, but it is central London so was by no means a strike against it.  It faced a courtyard which was good because we didn’t notice any noise at night.    The pool was good - it seems to be part of a gym that is also for non-guests but was nice to cool down with a swim after a hot day walking around central London!  Overall, would we choose this hotel…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location - not reflective of the brand,"The theater district is all around you - so fantastic to stay there. This building is old - and feels it. They try hard, the staff are very friendly and attentive. Breakfast is good but sub-par to the brand name.  Expect delays with the lifts - they are very slow and busy. Around the corner are Convent Garden and Holborn stations, and actually Embankment is also not far - so very accessible from a business point of view.  Very easy to get excellent food in this area, simply walk to Convent Garden, or Leicester Square, with Piccadilly Circus about 20 minutes away walking.  Such a shame - as the hotel was very full - but simply does not live up to the Waldorf brand name.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what you expect from a Waldorf.,"Nice room, but it was tiny! Two twin beds pushed so close together that my nephew and I ended up stuff the blankets down the crack for a little separation. Chaos in the check-in and out. I'd asked for some particular accoutrements and they had no clue about the pre-check-in request. Never did get the item. Well situated, but middling quality. Not a luxury experience. As a Diamond member they should have automatically upgraded us...didn't happen. Had a great view of a central utility well.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not quite prestigious,"This was a special two day theatre break to celebrate my wife’s birthday and mine. After travelling from Newcastle to Kings cross on a freezing LNER coach we eventually arrived in London, and taxi to the Waldorf. Heard about Les Mis, but really looking forward to it. An unprepossessing entrance and after checking in, we made our way to the lift to be greeted by a notice which said the lifts  were out of order. They weren’t, and we travelled to our rooms on the seventh floor. The signs were there three days later, and the lifts were still working fine. I did so enjoy good housekeeping. The rooms were a surprise because this was the Waldorf. The room was tidy, clean and well presented, but nothing special. This is because the hotel is transitory in nature, and my guess is that…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what you expect from Waldorf......,"We arrived and the doorman just watched us struggle to get everything out of the cab. He then half heartedly offered to help. Our room was not ready, which is fine as we where early so we went to the lounge. I had to ask for the table to be wiped, and it was very dirty and small. However the lady did take our bags and confirm they would be sent to our suite. The room was OK, but the bed had not been made up. We went for breakfast, and there was a queue so we had to wait about 5 minutes. Bacon was under cooked. When we left at 9:30am there must have been 30 people waiting. When you Pay 5 Star $$$$ You expect a 5 star experience - This was not. I have complained Via feedback form and directly.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Stay,"My family and I travelled overseas for the first time and booked an AirBnB with the goal of ""living like the locals do"".  Let's just say our flat didn't work out.  So, we needed another place to stay at the last minute.  Surprisingly, the Waldorf had room available and their rates were more than reasonable considering the area and what we asked for (spacious room with sleeping arrangements for 3 persons).  The room was impeccably clean and had plenty of space.  Beds were so comfortable, we had our most restful sleep there: almost 12 hours on one night (vs our usual 5-6 hours)!  We were charged up and ready to hit the sights every morning for the rest of our trip.  Staff was very helpful and answered all questions knowledgeably.  The location is perfect as is the hotel.  Thank…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Walking distance to almost everything,"The location of this hotel is excellent. If you like to walk, you are close to many shops, restaurants, the West End theater district, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Bloomsbury, Piccadilly, the British Museum, the Tate Modern, the South Bank, etc. Nearby tube stations include Embankment and Charing Cross.  We used the Hilton app to check in early the day before, and we also had requested an early check-in (around 1 pm) but still had to wait until mid-afternoon to gain access to our room.  Our 6th floor room was quite large with windows overlooking an inner courtyard; there was no view, but there was no noise from the streets either.  The king bed was comfortable, the sofa bed was better than most, and the AC worked well. The bathroom was huge with double…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea @ The Waldorf Hilton - London,"On the 6th July, myself and my friend decided to celebrate some great news in London, so we started at the Waldorf Hilton London with Afternoon Tea. These where the chain of events which honestly you would never think associated the experience with the Waldorf Hilton in London: 1- Upon being seated (I acknowledge we were early) but from our original appointment time until a waiter initially came to our table it took nearly 45 mins, yep, sat there from appointment to initial service for 45 mins!  In the meantime, we were sat where their wine/drinks cellar was and you honestly got no peace to have a conversation, it was like elephants trampling up and down the side of you. 2- Started with tea service, the first pot of tea was delicious but the service well .... tea was spilt on to…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor afternoon tea for the price,"We went to the Waldorf for afternoon tea.  People be aware that this is not a Waldorf Astoria, it is a very ordinary 4* Hilton.  The room where we had afternoon tea was not air conditioned, it was hotter in there than outside (during the heatwave) and by the end of the tea we were dripping!  We were only there for 45 minutes, we were served very quickly then our waiter disappeared, never to be seen again.  At the end, we literally just got up and walked out (we were on a voucher), nobody was around to say goodbye or anything.  The food wasn't good.  The sandwiches were dried up, the scones were tiny and the cakes also tiny.  When you see that the macaroon is the biggest cake, you know you're in trouble.  There were no offers of refills and our tea was not poured for us, the…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"I expected far better of The Waldorf!!  We arrived early and were seated by the walk way to the wine cold storage. A very busy path for the staff collecting bottles of wine. Very disruptive and very much not relaxing atmosphere.  We waited over and hour with a pot of tea, had to ask twice for our food and bottle of prosecco.  When it eventually arrived consisted of a few stale sandwiches, scones and chocolate type thing.  Can't say any of it was tasty. The cheap prosecco was so bad gave me terrible indigestion and I suffered feeling unwell for the remainder of the day.  I must admit have had far better food and drink at my local cafe. To add insult we were asked to pay a service charge, as you imagine we refused.  Very disappointing!!  ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,AMAZING EXPERIENCE,"The hotel is in the most wonderful neighborhood.  Easy to walk, take tube or taxi to anywhere.  Front Desk manager, Emily was the sweetest person I have ever met and she went above and beyond to make our stay wonderful.  She is an asset to this hotel and other hotels should learn from her.  Highly recommend this hotel and service.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,trip to visit son at LSE,we are diamond club members so always enjoy the perks that come with the status.  We originally selected this particular hotel due to proximity to where our son was studying this summer.  The hotel location was perfect for that but so much more.  easy to get to everything.  We particularly appreciated the great service at the Executive lounge and from the morning doorman.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,"Breakfast has just taken an hour because we ordered.  Suggest you go for the buffet. Love staying here. Well located. Lots of restaurants and theatres within walking distance. Friendly staff. Only four stars because of long wait at restaurant, otherwise wonderful.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice rooms.,"The rooms are nicely designed and have great bathrooms. I found that the hotel has a nice design throughout. I did get an upgrade due to being a regular customer of the brand.   The staff a little cold and uncaring, the executive lounge was not up to the job. The buffet had flies all over it and the drinks were not replenished fast enough.   If you want to stay in a good location, not too far from the top attractions and theatre land then this is a great hotel. I would advise again paying the extra for an executive room. I had a superior room and it was very nice.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good place,Nice place with very friendly and polite staff.   I wish the size of the room would be bigger.   Also got a room with wall view :)   But overall for 1 night stay everything was good .   Cocktails list at the bar is very impressive and very delicious. ,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"We stayed for one night to celebrate our wedding anniversary & thought it would be a nice treat. Unfortunately our money could have been far better spent in any one of many other previously visited hotels in London.   The good:  The food, dinner & breakfast, was lovely. The bar is great. The staff were very pleasant & professional as you would expect.   The bad:    1. Whilst getting ready for dinner the electric in our room cut out. The maintenance guy came within 5 mins & switched it back on - no big deal?  When we returned back from the theatre the electric was off again. We sat in the dark & had to lend our phone to The manager so he could use the torch. He climbed on a chair & switched it back on - frustrating.  The manager says it does happen but not twice to the same…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"NIce hotel, but wrong room","Beautiful hotel, so close to everything, but we booked on a website, hotel.com, for a family room, weekender two nights, bed with a another single in the room  and paid upfront, but upon check in which was a bit messy, no such room was available, or a standard one bed room, which did not work us.  We paid the extra for the family room and got something smaller, with no refund offered by the hotel.  So check before you arrive if you booked a family room.  Not sure who is telling the truth, but they seem to think we were upgraded, even though we videoed the room, still no joy..Ruined our London stay.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Girls off shopping, boys off to the Rugby.","Great Central location,for the girls to go off shopping, room price a bit expensive and would have expected breakfast to have been included when paying £367 per night. Rooms clean with good facilities, staff were nice and friendly, especially Monty on reception, he made us feel very welcome on arrival. Dining room scene from 1958 titanic film was filmed there and it still has the original features from three film. Worth a photo for film geeks.  Nice weekend had by all ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great breakfast, great room, great service and super location","Check in was great - greeted by Antoinette, assistance from door staff and nice welcome note from Guy Hilton, General Manager.  Throughout stay the door/lobby team always mentioned my name...it was appreciated.  Overall great experience.  Thank you!!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Terrific Location","the top three assets for this historic property remain location, location, location.   it’s perfect for business in the city or a theatre holiday.   we spent six nights there recently on the latter. the location can’t be beat… you can walk to most theatres in “theatreland,” and even some top tourist attractions, such as st. pauls, trafalgar square, the national gallery and the south bank. they are all walkable for those of able body and strong sprit. some good and even some great restaurants are nearby, as well as many small city supermarkets and convenience stores… including tesco metro, just a block or two away.  we’ve stayed seven or eight times at this property over the last ten or twelve years and have watched as the property has evolved… for better and for worse.  it has…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Booked here for a Theatre trip to watch School of rock and the hotel is situated in a fantastic area for may Theatres. Mama Mia, Tina (Tina Turner story), The Lion King and the play that goes wrong are so close you literally step out of the hotel into them! We stayed in a Queen room and it was very airy with good facilities that you would expect. All the staff were very friendly and helpful as you would expect with the Waldforf brand. The breakfast we enjoyed and they even had gluten free bread for my wife, which does make visits easier. The only 2 negatives were that the pool was out of order, which during the mini heatwave in the UK at the time would have been nice and on the Saturday night after our theatre visit there was no where to sit and enjoy a few drinks. The bar…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impossible bureaucracy for just a meal!,"I can hardly believe this is happening! It sounds more like a satire, like Faulty Towers! For two days I was trying hard to get through to Homage restaurant in Waldorf Hilton London to ask if in this hot weather gentlemen must wear jackets for the afternoon tea. Nobody bothers to pick up the phone for two days!!! I called 6-7 times each day, waiting for 7-10 min on each call. No avail. Then I wrote an email to Waldorf Hilton with the same question. So far I have received 7 (seven!) emails from different ppl, including their HQ, but no answer to this simple and plain question: jacket or no jacket??? Several persons are actually receiving salaries in different parts of the world to push my email around, but not to give me straight answer: jacket or not? We’d better spend our money…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea wasn’t the best,"We came here as a hen party for afternoon tea, the staff are ok nothing out of the ordinary but I guess this may be due to lack of motivation and passion from management. The food wasn’t great and we had to wait ages for drinks even a glass of water! If you want to really be blown away and experience what an afternoon tea should be like I would suggest the Dorchester! ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,My fiance treated me to a lovely birthday surprise weekend starting off with a stay at the Waldorf Hilton hotel.  It's a beautiful hotel and I was very excited. Imagine my surprise when we went down for breakfast the next morning at 9.30am and had to queue for 35 minutes. Was then placed in front of a pillar so I couldn't see the rest of the room. Also had to wait over 5 minutes for our tea and coffee. Appreciate the hotel was fully booked but they should have laid on the appropriate amount of staff to cater for all the guests. Believe me when I say we weren't the only ones complaining. Think we'll pick another hotel next time!,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and great location,"The hotel is upscale--though not necessarily as fancy as other Waldorfs.  The location is fantastic, and the staff was very nice.  The rooms are lovely, and as a Hilton Diamond member, we received the usual benefits--which were very nice.    One night, the people in the adjacent room had a loud fight, and we couldn't sleep.  Fortunately, the hotel security kindly put a stop to the noise, and all was well.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Just spent a few very enjoyable days in the Waldorf. Apart from a small hiccup with the air conditioning  we would award the Hotel five stars. We had a very comfortable and spacious room on the first floor which suited all our needs. Our stay was made all the more enjoyable by the first class service that we received from all the staff. They could have not been more helpful from the time we signed in to when we left. Now looking forward to our next visit.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Our ""London hotel""","We chose the Waldorf because of it's location.  We'll choose it again because of the service.  The staff was wonderful. Especially Scott and the concierge , who dealt with my craziness about getting from Heathrow to the Waldorf in about one hundred(exaggerated, though not by much) emails. The executive lounge is quite frankly the best Hilton lounge we've experienced. The staff of the lounge is the absolute best. The room(my fault, I didn't choose the room they chose for me) was small.  It was still nothing to complain about. The Aldwych Theatre was next door for Tina(which was fantastic) On the other side, Mama Mia was playing and I had seen it 4 times in the states, so we didn't see it.  Restaurants in Covent Gardens were very close as well as 3 Underground stops: Temple,…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Went to Tina Turner musical,"Nice hotel ..  went here for afternoon tea on my 40 th Birthday.  Don’t do it like they used to anymore. Palm treed dining space all gone . No grandeur now. Shame  Room nice .. good size . Staff nice n readily there and helpful.. all been trained well ! ( I did Hotel & Catering training, understand from the bottom up ) Bar small , nice cocktails, nice price £20 a go .breakfast ok , not exceptional.. warm at its best .  Would have liked to stay longer but bit expensive for me , £285... a night . Just a treat as theatre right nxt door and very easy to walk to Arts , Trafalgar square , St James palace , Buckingham palace , Covent Garden . Regent st , Oxford st , soho , the Thames and much more , good spot  all in 39 minutes radius  also tube , bus or taxi outside the door .",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay - Now Our Forever Go-To Hotel in London,"We're a family of 3 adults - father, mother, daughter - visiting London for 4 nights after a 12-day cruise of the British Isles celebrating our 45th Anniversary.  We stayed in a King Executive suite on the 1st floor facing tree-lined Aldwych street with Executive Lounge access.  We never heard any street noise in the room even though there was a constant flow of traffic outside.  The Executive Lounge was one floor below our room easily accessible by one flight of stairs or elevator.   The very comfortable King Bed was located in a separate room divided by the main bathroom and hallway.  The living area was furnished with a quite comfortable sleep sofa for our daughter and there is a separate powder room in the living area which added luxury and convenience. The main bathroom has…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Refurbished and still with old charm and perfect for theatre and Covent Garden,"Refurbished rooms in this hotel are excellently done.  One of the few hotels outside of Asia that I know of that has a built in night light with switch at the bed side.  Main corridor on the Executive level rooms is a bit warn but the hotel itself and service is top notch.  Did not dine here but this is my second visit in about 2 years and although not as modern as One Aldwych, a few steps away, it is still a gem, especially if you like character.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Avoid; outdated and needs a serious refurbishment,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 2 nights (Diamond status - no upgrades) in room 508. A rather small room with antiquated furniture and few amenities. I was expecting better from the Waldorf. When waking up this morning at 05:30 I realised the small coffee jar had not been replenished so no coffee. When checking out at 06:25 I enquired about a cup of coffee and was told ""sorry it's finished"" (???) and the bar was not yet open. The lady at reception did not really seem to care. Shame because the location is superb !",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,Stayed here several nights.  Staff was fantastic!  Always courteous and ready to help.  Valet parking made it easy after stressful London driving.  Rooms were great.  Breakfast was great.  Executive lounge was super!  Great location in the theatre district!  Thoroughly enjoyed the stay and highly recommend!,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"I walked in one direction to the Tower of London, and in the other the Palace and Westminster Abbey, and in yet another to Covent Garden.  Great theater literally next door and around the corner.  But some on the staff were a bit snooty.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel and trip,This was our second time to stay at the hotel and we had an excellent time again. The staff always makes sure we have what we need and helps steer us in the direction we need to go. The men at the front door were always so helpful kind. ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rich for a day!,"We loved jumping in a cab and instructing the driver “The Waldorf please”. We felt we’d made it in life.  Upon arrival. Check in was very very slow! It tarnished our mood somewhat. Our surroundings however faught to restore our demeanour.  The room was very nice. Very nice indeed. A nice touch was that the TV, upon switching it on, welcomed me by name.  We stayed 3 nights. Breakfast was lovely - if expensive. Well it was bound to be. It’s The Waldorf!  Location wise The Waldorf is perfect if Covent Garden is your destination. You’re literally there!  To sum up we felt somewhat posher and richer for a few days. We enjoyed our surroundings. Check out was slow, but not quite as slow as check in. Pity that. We’d stay again. If we fancied an expensive treat.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay for the Royal Garden Party!,"Having been invited to the Royal Garden Party, our son treated us to an executive night with lounge at the Waldorf. We added a second night - and we weren’t disappointed! Staff lovely, service great and the room was excellent. Nothing too much trouble and the staff really seemed to be excited for us. The two nitpghts at the Waldorf made the experience really special. Great breakfast and the executive lounge was lovely. Nothing negative to say.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding prep and Wedding Night ruined,"When we turned up after having had my card details taken and told payment for our booking of the suite had gone through over the telephone, it turned out that it hadn't. Me and my mother and my son were staying in the suite but originally had more guests staying with us. As the payment had not gone through we asked to have a queen or kings room, we were told there was one room but it was really horrible and we would not want it as it faced a brick wall, we said that was fine and it would have been £200 approx, I was happy to go with that but then was told there were matience issues that could be resolved if we waited half hour, we said we would but then all of a sudden it was not available. It was night before my wedding and we were exhausted so just had to pay full price for…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good in London,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in April 2018 and the location is extremely convenient for central London.  Staff were attentive and accommodating, included breakfast was very good with great selections.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"First off, this is a Hilton hotel, not a Waldorf Astoria. Compared to other Hilton’s around the world, this hotel was better then typical. The staff are all extremely polite and professional, rooms clean, location great. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf escape,"This hotel is like great, tucked away on a quieter street, very close to covent garden, theaters , interesting food spots and did I mention theaters? The walking distance to all the important sites is easy walking. Westminster Abbey is fifteen minutes, Regent street is hustle and bustle ! The hotel was like our home for the four days ! ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience,This hotel delivers exactly what is promises and the well trained staff raises the experience a lot. Attention to detail is good in the rooms and breakfast room. Service in the front lounge was a little slow. Concierge staff rocks my socks - awesome stuff guys!,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatre ,If you’re going to shows this is a nice hotel. The staff are friendly. The breakfast and afternoon tea in the lounge were nice. I loved being able to walk outside to where I needed to go quite easily. ,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stuffy and not worth the money ,I think they stuck us in a room that no one has stayed in for months hence the dust. It was so dusty that my allergies was out of control. This place is old and run down. All the staff are really nice except for the front desk who are sort of stuffy.  The executive lounge is old and has the same breakfast every day... we loved London but we did not enjoy our stay here.  We got the American Express cArd for he Hilton honors just to see how the Hilton would be and this was our first stay with a Hilton establishment.   We are Marriott Platinum members. This place does not care if you’re a Hilton diamond member which we got from getting their credit card. We missed the Marriott and we found one about a mile away that we wished we would have stayed in instead. Our view was of some…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"My sister took me to the Waldorf Hilton for Afternoon Tea for her birthday, it was a fabulous experience. The tea selection was amazing, I had Redbush Caramel Velvet and my sister had an amazing Chocolate & Hazelnut Tea which smelt and tasted divine. The sandwich & cake selection was delicious, and Alison was a star. The service was exceptional. Will dey ok this again",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,first class hotel in best location,"from the moment we arrived to the time we left we were very well taken care of. My partner was in a wheel chair( provided by the hotel) and the concierge staff were always available to help. The staff in all areas were excellent, Two to mention were Theresa and Abraham in the breakfast room, They just went that little extra  for us. The room was great, superb disabled wet room. Could not want for more.our room was at the front of the hotel and to our surprise was so very quiet. Comfortable beds and very clean room, couldn't want for kore! This could easily become our return to hotel for London. The hole atmosphere of the hotel is one of calm and peace!! It lives up to its name !!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff,I have stayed here once before.  This time with family.  The hotel is older but well staffed with folks to help you figure out the city.   The family spoke with god concierge daily about activities and things to do.  Breakfast staff was also very polite and welcoming.  The rooms were a but small but clean.  The best part was location to a lot of unique shopping areas and the theater district,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is excellent,Its the Hilton Waldorf it is above average but really not very good( I rate it as just good unfortunately this site doesn't give you good as an option) but for what you pay might expect better. The greeting on arrival consisted of 'name' 'you are here for 2 nights that's £674.50 can I have your credit card' 'Room 410' that was it no smile no welcome no nothing. After that I must say all the staff were friendly and smiling and made us feel welcome. Our package included use of the executive lounge. First night ok second night they let a small group in for a birthday party with balloons and all. Standing room only bottles being taken from the counters by the group we arrived 6.30 and left at 7 for a show and (Tina Turner musical in theatre next door excellent) but we were crammed…,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel,"The hotel was beautiful and the staffs were friendly and helpful. We had a problem with our AC and the staff bent over to help and to make it right. They tried to reset the unit and when that didn't work they moved us to a large room because of the inconvenience. The hotel is really central to market, restaurants, and theatres. Great location, central area and a lot to see around. All walking distance. Also very close to the hop on hop off bus line. This hotel has a beautiful dining area. We were told that this design was used on the movie Titanic.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, underwhelmed","For 345 GBP a night I expect to have a room that is comfortable and quiet. To be fair it was reasonably comfortable, but I could hear everything from the rooms on either side. I had a great view of a brick wall as well. The staff were polite enough, but really at this price ( which didn’t even include breakfast) I expect better than OK. Convenient no doubt, but next time I will stay somewhere further out and enjoy the walk rather than spend the night listening to my neighbors.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We love the Waldorf,"The staff at the Waldorf are impeccable, personal and display hospitality in every action. The beds and pillows are inviting. The Executive Lounge has a great staff, offers breakfast, high tea and evening canapes and drinks. Didn't want to go out.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel in the middle of the action,"This was our first stay here but will definitely return. It is an older property that has been wonderfully restored to keep the history intact. If you are in London to see plays, opera, or any of its other fine attractions, then I would heartily recommend staying at the Waldorf Hilton",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dreadful disappointment,I’ve had many good experiences at many different establishments.  This was the worst by far!  Our booking was for 1:30 and as we arrived early we took drinks in the bar.  We asked for these to be brought into the afternoon tea but they were not forthcoming.  We then queued in the afternoon tea area and were taken to a central table with dirty seating.  We were moved upon request.  Service was not good.  We asked about additional savoury selection and were told it was £8 more.  No additional tea offered or water.  Nobody saw us out or thanked us for our custom.  This is advertised as usually £128 inc prosecco .  Definitely not worth a return visit.,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mums 80th,"Superb,we had three rooms for 3 nights On the first night we had a Birthday dinner in the main restaurant for 15 people Great wine and food  Staff were excellent from doorman to reception Excellent breakfast  Prices are what you expect for for this type of establishment. So nice to be able to walk to a show or walk around Covent Garden  I would reccomend upgrading to the executive lounge  3 nights for a couple you can get for around 1k in the bigger rooms Well worth it for a special occasion.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Bar & Friendly Service,"We (4) popped into this hotel after an evening show as we wanted o have a drink.   We were made most welcome by Lucas the waiter in Good Godfrey’s, bar, whose service was 5*. Whilst there we chatted to Warwick the supervisor & Felipe the Assistant Night Manager of the Hotel, both of whom were friendly, polite & most hospitable, after all we were not staying at the hotel.   Thank you to the three of you & when we are back in “theatre land” we will visit again. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in the middle of The Theater District,My husband and I recently went to London and stayed at the Waldorf Hilton. It is a beautiful hotel smack dab in the heart of the theater district. Beautiful hotel throughout including the door men. Excellent service and very helpful staff.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"2nd time, 1st time was better","All in all, this hotel is in a historic building in the heart of everything. I stayed here years ago and was impressed with my room and bath. This time around, we had a very small room with a hole for a window. The electrical outlets were not all working and we had 2 days without any maid service. Pretty unacceptable and when I called, they would apologize but I still needed my room cleaned (which didn't happen). The staff other than the maid service were great and very helpful with information and booking a tour to Stonehenge for the day. Breakfast was good and they made you feel at home. I don't think I will stay here again since with the kind of money I paid, I don't think the room or the maid service was up to par. There are many other options in London and on our last night…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel is situated near the thearer district ,The staff is very welcoming and polite.  The rooms are comfotable and quite.  Our room rate included breakfast which had an egg and pancakes preperation station along with the usual buffet breakfast items.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel and Fantastic Staff,"This is a beautiful hotel and takes your breath away as you walk in. The staff are professional but friendly, taking the time to remember your name and greet you with a friendly smile everytime you walk in or leave the hotel. Any enquiry we had was always dealt with and their service exceeded my expectations. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London ,"I’ve stayed at this hotel before and it never fails to impress.  We arrived in our suite to find complementary champagne and cute little cakes, with a welcome card. The room was spotless.  We sampled the afternoon tea in the executive lounge more for the pot of tea as we were ready for a drink. There was lots of sandwiches and cakes to choose from. You always get constantly good service in the lounge, always greeted with a smile. We went out in the evening and on return we had a drink in the bar, again great service and a lovely place to sit and people watch. For breakfast we headed to the executive lounge not lots of hot choices sausage, egg, bacon pastries etc but not bad. If you wanted you could go downstairs for breakfast, which we did the second day but there was a massive…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location in aldwiych near the covent garden station, theatres,  bar anda pubs anda trafalgar( you can walk in 8mins)  rooms are extremely clean and quite big,   breakfast was the best in london, i like their  tea so much. Workers are so nice.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location & excellent porters and doormen,"We stayed at the Waldorf for three nights on a long weekend to London and would highly recommend it.  The hotel is in a great location, right on the doorstep of Covent Garden and the West End theatre district, about a ten minute walk to Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, close to tube and bus services, couldn't be better for a first timer to London who wants hassle free access to the main sights and attractions.  We found all the staff to be very courteous but the porters and doormen in particular were really excellent, they had that very hard to get mix of friendliness with a high level of professionalism and competance that they should be comended for. Small things like remembering by seven year old sons name, arranging taxis, getting us information on bus routes, helping us…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and great service!,"This hotel is located in the theatre district.  Convenient walking distance to most theatres including theatres on each side of the hotel.  Walking distance to many central London attractions.  We were able to vacation for a week and walk to everything we visited.  Comfortable rooms and beds.  Great service all around.  High tea was expensive, but worth doing for the experience.  The kids enjoyed the pool and we all enjoyed the great service!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Friendly Staff and comfortable rooms,I had two rooms. One was a Junior Suite and the other a twin for my daughter and grandkids.   The room was comfortable and spacious for London standards.   The location is outstanding with lots of 🎭 around the hotel and good restaurants. It was easy to get around London from the hotel.   The staff were very friendly and helpful.   I liked the Executive Lounge but there was no creativity in the food served. I think they had samosas almost every night. Basically the same things every day. I also thought they closed to early or should I say stopped serving drinks too early.  The housekeeping often forgot to replenish the bathroom supplies and one day did not make up the room. I had to call down.   I stayed here for the pool for my grandkids. The water was a little chilly and it…,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great room in a centrally located hotel,"This stay exceeded my expectation. My hotel room was spacious, looked nice and was very quiet (which is rare in this part of London). Check in was fast and efficient. Staff in the large breakfast restaurant and at the reception desk are friendly and efficient. I have a had some sub-optimal stays in this area of the city, but this is a hotel I will return to.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and close to the theatres,"Mostly I have nothing but praise for this hotel.  Service at the front desk, the bar, housekeeping and the executive lounge was calm, friendly and efficient.  Our room was unusually spacious for a London hotel, although the view onto roofs and the hotel ventilators was not such a plus.  The room was very clean, bed comfortable, and the aircon was just right.  There are a couple for things you might want to be aware of when staying: 1)  we booked ""Early Check-In""  - which, when you book, says ""subject to availabilty"" but I assumed, if you booked in advance, they would check for empty rooms the night before and tell you if there was no availability.  This is not the case however,and, in fact, the lady at the front desk had no record of me booking this at all!  She was very…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location in London!,"Stayed there last April 2018. Easy to get to by tube (Embankment Station) or British Rail (Charing Cross Station). Greeted by friendly and efficient Front Desk personnel. My room was on the 4th floor, very quite, well equipped and even had a cordless phone where you can make unlimited local calls for free! Next day, breakfast was great with lots of choices.  I would stay there again! Thank you!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great hotel","Pros--great location (near Covent Garden, the Strand, theaters), clean and quiet rooms, comfortable beds, good service, decent high tea, GREAT fitness center  Cons--the fitness center opens late on the weekend, this hotel charged multiple foreign transaction fees that I did not incur at other hotels, room was a little on the small side.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,Great location with lots to do around. King executive rooms nice an spacious. Old tub style shower difficult to step up in so ask for more accessible showers. Executive hospitality room excellent for breakfasts. Access to first class health club in basement one of the best I’ve seen. Great help from the staff and as always the Hilton quality of service!,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels in London,"We loved this hotel. Great location and perfect for cocktails in the bar pre - theatre. Came here for a special occasion made all the more special by friendly, attentive staff who went above and beyond. Thank you!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel offering the traditional hotel experience,"The Waldorf is perfect if you enjoy the traditional hotel experience, a door man greeting, a luxurious lounge, piano in the bar etc. The common areas, including the restaurant were beautiful and the staff were all very helpful - they even went the extra mile and had a birthday cake in our room on arrival as they knew it was a birthday trip. The only thing that let the property down for us was the pool. It is advertised as a hotel pool but it is part of a gym which is beneath the hotel which means rather than a relaxing walk in your robe down for a quick dip, you have to walk through a busy gym and fill in a health & safety form before your swim.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent position and kind staff in a traditional Edwardian Hotel that needs to be refurbished...,"When you enter an hotel and you ar warmly welcomed, you already are set into a propensity to see in a positive light also some minor deficiencies that were to detect along your stay. That is what happened to me once I got into the Waldorf Hilton. The very traditional atmosphere and forniture were somehow coherent to the expectations you have once you book an hotel near the Strand and Covent Garden. The great location at a walking distance to Trafalgar Square or Soho or, in case you like to walk, to the Tate Gallery and the Docks, will make you feeling independent from the tube or taxis and let you choose between the very many restaurants, theatres and stores you'll find along your way. The hotel itself is interesting if you like this atmosphere but the comfortable and clean…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"What a lovely hotel. Very pleasant staff that makes you feel welcome and relaxed. Rooms always in order and a very nice breakfast. Minus for the way we we welcomed to the gym/pool area. Not pleasant at all. But all in all a great experience, and we will definately consider this hotel the next time we visit London",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding anniversary visit to London,"We have just returned home after a three day stay at The Waldorf, we have stayed in the hotel many times but on this occasion the hotel went to a lot of trouble to make our stay really special. We were upgraded to a junior suite which was superb, looking out over a quiet street we enjoyed peaceful nights in a very comfortable bed. We had a card, balloons and a delicious cake, a lovely surprise!  The executive lounge was good as usual in fact the breakfast was even better than our last stay.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,High Hilton expectations,"But I was a bit disappointed..  I stayed in a Queen Deluxe Room - sure the bed was queen and I had a bathtub, but I had the worst view from a narrow window and old furnitures placed all over the tiny room.   Wasn’t impressed by the staff or service either - except from the front desk clerk whom checked me in. What a smile and warm welcome! Thanks a lot. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good service, well equipped rolms",The room was clean and tidy with everything I needed contained within it. I found the service good but not excellent. The room was fairly small and so value for London was average. Drinks prices were ridiculous and slow service at the bar. ,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A weekend in london,Very pleasant and friendly staff on arrival. Checked in and was asked if we'd like to upgrade to a king room with access to the executive lounge which we did and was well worth the extra. Room very nice with all the amenities you would expect hotel very clean and tidy concierge staff very knowledgeable. Ideal location in London for shops a walk by the river Thames and theatre land .,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, great room","I stayed in an executive room. Check in was quick, suitcases taken to the room even before we were checked in. Room was spacious and clean. All staff very friendly and helpful. The location is excellent. Only thing I didn't like was the executive lounge, it was often crowded and more often than not you had to queue to actually get a drink, which we didn't. Breakfast in the lounge was disappointing also. It would have been nice if there would have been something to eat for people with a plant based diet. There was nothing, apart from the fruit. A vegan sausage, baked beans, mushrooms etc would have been nice or some soya yoghurt at least. There were only danish pastry, bacon, pork sausages, eggs, fruit, cereal, bread, jams.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great choice, Perfect Location","I had no idea where to stay when I started researching. Although I was trying to find a Hilton property in London. There are several to choose form. It turns out this could not have been a better location. ( I did see the locations of the others-Trafalgar Square would have been a bit too crazy, Park Lane too far to walk to everything). This property is located perfectly in the middle of everything. Beautiful area, restaurants, shopping, & sightseeing everywhere.The property itself has a great looking entrance and lobby. It's a grand, old building (like so many others in the area), maintained very well. (Similar hotel buildings in NYC, but this is much cleaner and better maintained than the NYC hotels) The room (305) was an executive king, very spacious, clean & orderly. However-…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,When is a Waldorf not a Waldorf? When it's the Waldorf Hilton London.,"The hotel is in a great location for the theatre district. As a Hilton Honors Diamond member I was upgraded to a suite on a high floor. We had a great view of the rooftops and could even see the top of Nelson's Column and the London Eye. Our suite was quiet, elegant and comfortably furnished. All members of staff we met, from front of house to waitstaff in the restaurant and lounge to housekeeping were exemplary, being both friendly and efficient. Afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes were generous and of a high standard. Pre- stay emails were answered promptly and all requests granted.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Close to Theatreland,"Extremely efficient staff and a comfortable stay. As with every West End hotel you will not get plenty of space in the bedroom but the rooms are clean and adequately equipped. Normal facilities you would expect including mini bar, safe etc. I would recommend this hotel but would also recommend going outside of the hotel for breakfast which was very disappointing.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Guest,The hotel is well located in a prominent area...overall was not impressed with the hotel...found it to be outdated and in need of a refurbishment...being a guest at a wedding it accommodated the guests with ease but I must say I have been to much better hotels and was expecting a little bit more from the Waldorf,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional Service, Excellent Value","Highly recommended! You enjoy more elegance than you pay for because the entire staff is eager to please. Plus, the hotel is perfectly situated off of Covent Garden, a short walk to the Thames. You will love it.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Delightful Afternoon,"My wife and I had a lovely, relaxed afternoon tea here. A smart but laid back atmosphere made the afternoon tea a most enjoyable experience, the scones were fantastic and extra sandwiches were not a problem. We have often wondered what happens to all those crusts from the bread and we were taken on a private tour behind the scenes where the chef has built a replica model of Big Ben in the kitchen with them! ;-)",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Excellent location for theatres and buckingham palace.  Very polite staff, couldn’t fault there professional manner.  Room was small but adequate, breakfast was ok, would have thought smoked salmon would not be a payable extra.  But in all would fully recommend for a stay in London.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rooms very small and too hot,We stayed for a night to celebrate our wedding anniversary I’d often walked past the hotel when I worked in London and thought one day I’d love to stay there. How disappointed we were you are literally paying for the name . The rooms are tiny the slippers ( that we didn’t use) are the cheapest make I have ever known in any hotel and the toiletries are sparse. There is air conditioning but it is not effective the room was boiling hot to the  point of unbearable . The bar area was nice and staff very friendly .  ,Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Back again..,We have stayed with Waldorf Hilton several times. Every time we are pleasantly surprised by the service level. It is all-round good experience. And it is so so close to the musicals & theatres!  Our choice for staying for a weekend in London.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service,"My stay at Waldorf was a pleasant experience. Staff members always willing to help, clean room, with a bad view though, variety of choices for breakfast and nice vibe in the hotel. Carmen was the one checking us in, very professional and empathetic. The short presentation about the hotel answered immediately my questions without having to ask them. The way she engaged in the conversation didn't seem scripted, which enhanced the overall experience.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Well located, average rooms, abhorrent views, lots of tacky Americans, good gym","I stayed here out of Hilton loyalty.   Hilton Gold just recently demoted from Diamond.  I checked in and was told I was given an ""upgraded"" room on the 1st floor - it was a tiny room on the very first floor, the window looked out onto a hideous spread of industrial HVAC tubes and pipes, and the bed when I sat down on it was rock hard, like painful, clearly a defective or aged mattress.   Awful.  So I appealed to the front desk and got moved up to the 4th floor, in hopes of a better view - they put me in a room with surely the worst view on the floor.   I looked out onto a brick wall that was about 3 feet away from the window.   Could not see a damn thing except brick.   Still a pretty small size.   I really can't fathom that such a room was ""upgraded""; this was clearly the…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location if you visit a show,"Great location if you visit a show. 25 steps to Tina Turner the musical. A must see! and 25 steps tha other way to MamaMia. Nice room and friendly staff. Looks typical Hilton, a bit boring. Friendly and helpfull doormen!",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Honor member but still got a room with absolutely no view!,"Waldorf Hilton London has a nice location but hotel is no special. I am a Hilton Honor Member, which means I am loyal to Hilton however this does not mean Hilton is loyal to me. Got a room with absolutely no view, it’s like a box with a blind window (See picture). Never again!",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Free - flowing afternoon tea,"Booked on book-a-table because of the free-flowing champagne offer.  Not far from Charing Cross station & opposite STK.   Lovely hotel on both the outside & inside.  A kind gentleman pointed us in the right direction as soon as we walked in.  The afternoon tea area was beautiful - tall ceilings, harp player, pristine white - had a real posh feel about the place.  Once seated we were given a small menu with different types of tea that were on offer for us - also a small glimpse at the afternoon tea menu.   Free-flowing champagne is only for 90 minutes so try and get your money worth. The waiters were keeping an eye on our drinks at all times and even offered to bring more scones or sandwiches over if we wanted.  The chap who seated us was even kind enough to take a nice photo of…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay and Executive Lounge,"We were warmly welcomed and check in was simple and fast. The room was clean with everything we needed. Very good quality towels, bedding and furnishings. Turn down service at night included.  The executive lounge is a must if you get it at a good price, we arrived at the hotel around 4pm, we headed straight to the lounge for coffee, sandwiches and cake (all included) We also used the lounge before our restaurant booking to meet friends we had canapés and alcoholic drinks, again all included. Breakfast was also included. The staff in the lounge are lovely and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Touring,"This hotel's outstanding feature is its location. It's in the heart of the restaurant and theatre district, the venerable #15 bus stops outside the front door, and you're a quick walk from four underground stations all served by different lines: Covent Garden (Piccadilly), Holborn (Central & Piccadilly), Charing Cross (Northern & Bakerloo), and Embankment (Circle & District).  The compact rooms are typical for London but there was space for a very comfortable bed, a small easy chair, and a desk and chair with room left over to walk around easily. Despite an inner courtyard view, my room was bright and welcoming. The closet was especially roomy and included an iron and ironing board. The room's heating and cooling controls were very responsive and easy to operate.  The standup…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall a good stay ,"Location The hotel is well located to most of London’s west end with easy walk to Covent Garden and Soho. It also very good for theatres.  Service The staff was very friendly and attentive so our stay was very pleasant.  Room We had booked an executive king room, which was good size. The room had a light 1920s theme mainly through the pictures on the wall and some other slight attempts. The bed was comfortable and good size. Bathroom was good quality and I enjoyed the double basins which is always useful when two people are getting ready at the same time. We had trouble with the air conditioning which meant that we were hot through the night. the A/C was old and if I had stayed longer I would have asked it to be fixed.  Facilities We used the onsite gym, which was well equipped…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay for theatre visit,"My wife and I stayed on the night of 5th May. We were going to see Tina the musical which is on at the theatre next door to the hotel so it is very convenient. The staff are excellent and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We had stayed before so we were expecting to have a good stay and we were not disappointed. One point to note, if you plan a pre theatre drink in the bar - get the staff to reserve a table. We didn’t and ended up propping up the bar!",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay.,"Another wonderful two night stay in this Hotel. Now we’ve stayed a few times we know which rooms are best and how to make the most of staying in this a Hotel. Fantastic location, very friendly and efficient Staff. Highly recommend a stay here.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Hotel, great location","This is a lovely hotel as expected. We stayed  here on the 20th April. We were greeted by pleasant door and reception staff. Our room was lovely and a great size, plenty of room to walk around the bed, large fitted wardrobes, dressing table and plenty of space, a nice size bathroom with bath/shower combination. There is space in the mini bar for you to use to chill some water etc. The rooms have a safe, iron & board, tea & coffee making facilities as well as robes & slippers. We had the buffet breakfast which was lovely, cereals, fresh fruit, cooked breakfast, omelette station, pastries everything you could want. And the service was very good. We left our luggage for the day so we could go sight seeing again the concierge was very friendly and helpful. There is a DW run gym &…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay in Theatre Land,Stayed here because it is right next door to the Aldwych Theatre where Tina The Musical is currently showing. The doorman and reception staff were very accommodating. Very chatty and happy to explain how things work. We had a lovely Queen deluxe room on the fifth floor. All the usual Hilton mod cons. Happily there are power sockets at the bedside. When I left to go out I asked if they could pop some extra milk in the room ( they do use those horrible milk pots like so many other chains ) and when we got back in they had indeed replenished the milk but had also re tidied the bed and bathroom for us. The bar is a bit pricey. The executive lounge is good for a couple of glasses before you go out if you have access in your stay. The only thing that disappoints nd I would say that…,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Should be 3 star at best,"My wife treated us to a night out to see Motown musical and booked the waldforf as an extra treat. As kids we grew up knowing that one day we would stay at this world famous hotel. We finally did book it and felt spoilt approaching the main entrance. The doorman took our suitcases and led us to reception. We had a very inviting reception lad with blond hair who engaged in conversation with us and made us feel welcome. We then went to our room which , was small! I know we didn't book a suite but somehow expected a room a little larger with perhaps a normal window and not a port hole window that we actually got. This made the room feel a little claustrophobic,  it was the same in the bathroom. We had a mini bar but none of the food items were available, ie crisps, nuts etc. I am…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome!,We stayed here for 4 days. The rooms were very nice. The pool was a bit too shallow. It was a salt water pool. The food wasn't that great but the margherita pizza was delicious! The staff were also polite. It was a nice experience.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful ,I love this hotel fantastic location great staff especially Mary in the restaurant she is always friendly always smiling from check-in to check out great it’s obviously an old hotel but classy the breakfast in the morning is one of the best I’ve ever had definitely will be back very soon ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very disappointing,"You expect a Waldorf experience, you get a bad Hilton stuff. Rooms are very clean but noisy.  Breakfast is not worth the money, tasteless, with some of the products which don't look fresh from the morning (bread, pastries, ...) otherwise frozen. Access to the swimming pool is a joke: you need to go through a public gymclub where team is zero. The pool itself was dirty (water and pool). A lot still needs to be done to get a waooo. I do not recommend.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not a typical Waldorf property,Cleaning crew left a full bag of trash in my room. The pool is shared with locals that have a gym membership. Doorman helped with bags after I was already loading them into a taxi. The pillows were bad,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Standard Accomodation ,We chose this hotel for its proximity to the West End but to be honest we should have stuck with our usual London choice of the Grosvenor House.  Room was clean and bed very comfortable along with convenience of the valet parking but to be honest it’s just a Hilton with the standard exec lounge. Location is not spectacular and our show was at the London Coliseum so taxi still required in the rain.    ,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Friendly Staff,"I have stayed at the Waldorf before, but not for many years. When I checked in and it was noted that I was a Gold Hilton Honors cardholder I was warmly welcomed back like a distant family member. It was done in such a way that it felt vey genuine and made me feel valued.  Throughout our stay, we continued to feel good about the hotel. We were always greeted by the chamber and maintaince staff and also the pool and restaurant staff were always very helpful. I appreciate some of you will be reading this thinking that it is only what one should expect. Well, sadly it is not always the case in some London hotels. If you want a nice place to stay that has a pool and is well located, you can’t do much better than the Waldorf.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location - needs to be updated!,"This was our first trip to London and loved the area where this Hilton is situated.  While very small, our room was comfortable.  As you walk in to the hotel we were happily surprised with the level of service - top notch!  We were disappointed though that the property does not look as beautiful as they do in the pictures... many of the doors of the rooms the paint was chipped and the carpet looked old.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb - just as one would expect.,"Visited for a Groupon Dinner with party of 8 girl friends and had a super evening.  Everything was as one would expect and all of a high sandard.  Staff were attentive, professional and very helpful and Cocktail Waiter was a hoot.  All in all a really lovely evening with friends and highly recommended.  The Groupon deal made this an exceptionally good value night out.  Will return as soon as another opportunity presents itself.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for Theatreland,"We stayed here when we were going to see Mamma Mia at the theatre next door.  Located on Aldwych which is perfect if you are going to see any nearly any musical as it is in the middle of Theatreland.  The hotel itself however is not that close to a tube or train station, so if you have luggage plan a taxi ride.  The hotel is an old famous hotel. As with most old hotels it is a bit of a rabbit warren inside. There were only three lifts, and we always seemed to have to wait quite a long time for the lift. The hotel could do with a lick of paint on the room floors, marks on doors etc, in my opinion. Fantastic ballroom and breakfast area.  We booked an executive room. Certainly not cheap, £431 for the night. This came with access to the executive lounge, a relatively small lounge…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"We were very excited to be staying at such a famous hotel. The name cunjures up images of good old-fashioned luxury. The buildings facade did not disappoint and with a piano being played in the lobby bar, expectations were high. Unfortunately the room didn't deliver. We booked a standard room. The room was small and the bed a king size. The bathroom was ok but long and narrow. We did have bath robes which we didn't expect, but other 'economy' hotel offer larger beds and similar features. The room was also bland with no period features. Unfortunately very disappointing.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Location,We spent 4 nights at the Waldorf and were very happy.  We had booked an Executive Room with lounge access.  It was definitely worth the extra money.  Nice afternoon tea and appies with wine and drinks at 6 every night.  The room was quite spacious but the bed was extremely uncomfortable and hard.  Too bad because that spoiled what was a great experience.  The new Tina Turner musical was literally 100 steps from door and many other theatres were close by.  Friendly helpful staff.  Buses stop right out the front door making using public transportation very easy.  Covent Garden was a 5 minute walk and a fun excursion.  The hotel is pricey but not out of site for London.  Good choice.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Disappointed really nothing like I expected. Stayed in much cheaper better hotels.  Tiny bedroom room. Really weird washroom, long and narrow almost like a small corridor.  On the up side bed comfortable and large TV and good central location.  Really don’t think it’s worth the money they charge for the night.  Breakfast is £17 each if you  book it on check in. We didn’t have breakfast there we felt it was a rip off at that price.  ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don’t let the “Waldorf” name fool upu,"Hotel was very basic and not a 4 star hotel at all. Best part of this hotel is it’s location - walking distance to most areas. Now onto the cons, toiletries are limited (don’t expect  q-tips or makeup pads), rooms need an upgrade (walls, bathroom, furniture looks a bit beat up), floors creak, sink didn’t drain, etc. They gave me the wrong room (single bed instead of two separate beds that I booked) and it took about 20+ minutes to get my new room even though I arrived after checkin time. Went to another Hilton and it looked way better!!",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The Waldorf Hilton London is great for those wanting to be in close proximity to everything London has to offer. I like staying here because it is a close walk to Soho, my work and Westminster. On average it is a 20 minute walk to any London hot spot or close to the tube.   I would say this is an average Hilton hotel. Similar amenities to any other Hilton. I was on the top floor and although it was quiet, I found it annoying that an elevator didn't reach that level and I had to keep walking my bags up and down the stairs from the floor below.  Overall though, I recommend this hotel or Hilton Bankside to my coworkers as it is clean, has a great location and offers reliable service.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous Hotel with a lovely warm atmosphere ,Staff are very attentive & friendly","Relaxing atmosphere, Staff are very attentive and friendly.  We stayed here for one night and had afternoon tea the next day Room was very clean and comfy bed and pillows  Afternoon tea was a wonderful experience, nothing was too much trouble for the staff, very relaxed atmosphere the Harp player added to the lovely experience  ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very classic Hilton hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights, I heard this hotel has been built for 100+ years, this is just exciting to stay at this strong history background hotel.   Due to being gold member, I was upgraded to a top floor suite, no executive lounge access are granted.   The suite is big, with living room and bed room, and dressing room separated. The windows is very small but classic, and you can open the roof window curtains for sunlight. Even it is a old classic hotel but the room are all new.  Breakfast didn’t offer much options but overall they are tasty.   Staff working here are all nice and friendly.   The location is very convenience with only 10 mins walk to Covent garden, and more walk to China town and soho. There is two underground station nearby and also take you 10 mins. And many…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Booked two family rooms for an over-night stay in the city.  Arrived early at the hotel but one room was ready for us which was great. Reception staff and lobby staff were all very pleasant, friendly and helpful. Rooms were a good size and well equipped with air good air conditioning. Bright, clean and fresh. Beds were extremely comfortable and no noise from exterior sources - perfect sleep! Whilst checking out, charges from the bar had been placed on one of our rooms which were not from our party, so worth double checking your final bill. This confusion was promptly sorted though.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,second visit,"We love the Waldorf Hilton brand and we have stayed twice in this hotel. The first time we stayed we were impressed by how beautiful it looked. The rooms are a bit small but the met our expectations and the staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant dinner was amazing and the service was great. I have a few food intolerances and the waitress who was attending me was taking care of them very efficiently.  However, we visited it again in February, and there was a big event going on...as a consequence of this we saw the lack of service, especially in the restaurant. We were waiting 40 minutes to have our food delivered, and just when we double checked it with the waiter, we found out that he forgot to send the order to the chef.... and on top of that, the fries were not cooked…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas visit to London,"I had to visit London for work and knew I would have some time off on the first day, so I booked a hotel close to my next day visit and close to the historic center of London to go out and explore the city.  In terms of location, the Walfdorf Hilton really deserves five stars. It’s a really vibrant part of the city, even at night because of the presence of Covent Garden on walking distance and the many theaters in the surroundings.  The hotel itself is nice.  Not as spacious and modern as the Hilton in Canary Wharf, but it’s obvious that the Hilton Group invests in keeping the hotel up-to-standards by renovating. As said, the rooms are not that spacious, but that’s normal for hotels in the city center. The beds was great. Good matress, selection of multiple pillows, nice bed…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing hotel Poor service and unprofessional sense of shame,"I arrived at the hotel because the location is suitable for a family holiday but I am very disappointed I am a member of the Hilton Diamond Club, which gives me a high status but unfortunately this hotel is not set up and it starts from the reception service  There was no representative of the club to ask me to get the room but unfortunately there was not a representative at the reception but a waitress who was the one who took care of me but she had no knowledge of the club and the treatment was bad so she summoned a woman who came under pressure and did not sit down to talk to me conducted the conversation Standing in front of me and the tone of her voice was stiff and nervous she gave me no answer and got the suite I had ordered  In the suite the air conditioner did not work…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Locked Out, Other People and a Used Sex Toy","We booked the Waldorf as we wanted a bit of luxury to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and my wife's 40th Birthday. We checked in and Ruben, who was on the check in suggested that we might want to take advantage of an upgrade from our standard room up to the Queens Luxury Room. After agreeing, we were told by Ruben that the room wasn't quite ready but a complimentary drink in the bar would be available to us and of course our luggage would be taken to our room by their concierge.  30 minutes later, Ruben appeared with our keys and off we went, up to the 6th floor along corridors until our room was found. We tried both keys, to find that none of them worked. So back I travelled down to reception to ask for a new set. Ruben apologised and said here are some new keys and they…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We liked it but,"Lovely iconic hotel in a great position, great service, but very slow in the bar, we stayed in a queen guest room, for the price it should be absolutely top notch, but unfortunately  its very average, frayed towels, marks on walls, shower tap broken, not great looking out of bedroom window and seeing by the fire escape stairs empty plastic bottles and sandwich boxes, and the windows were dirty",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Couple,My wife and I like this place and find the “Good Godfrey” bar really convenient for pre theatre lunch or supper. Today we went to the bar pre Tina at the nearby aldwych theatre. Had a good quality orange juice and my wife and I both had the croque monsieur. Very tasty and plenty of it. Would have been loads better if it were toasted and cut into quarters. Really good service. We shall return soon. ,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfort on a luxury scale,"Oh! it's nice.....it's very nice.....very, very nice! Everything you'd expect from a top end Hilton Hotel.  The staff are soooo polite. From the doormen who greet you, through the front-desk staff, right the way to the top...the people who make the difference - the staff who maintain the rooms to such an extremely high standard - Thank you all.  I love this place.  Warm , friendly welcome. FAST check-in. Professional staff. Large, beautifully appointed room with large bed, good TV (with great selection of channels)  - Great shower and bath. Complimentary ipod/electronic gadget beside bed. Safe.  Coffee was excellent every morning. Didn't avail of breakfast (didn't have time) 4 minute walk to Covent Garden Tube Station.  Very accessible Will I return?.....you betcha! it's a…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Night out in London with Friends,"Had  a wonderful nights stay in the Waldorf Hilton,  I only used the Bar this time, as I eat out in Convent garden. But the bar staff was really good and looked after me and several friends when we returned late that evening.  The room was a double, a little small, but that's normal for London, but well decorated and clean.  Its a great location for visiting the local sights.  I look forward to my next night out with the guys in London and will stay in the Hilton again.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Stay, Very special","A huge thank you to Denise De Luca for carefully looking after us pre-stay and ensuring we were well catered for during our visit.  There is a true acknowledgement of Diamond status and this is especially important when visiting a Waldorf Astoria property. Our room was immaculate with some very special touches.  We truly had a wonderful stay. Breakfast was delicious and the room is stunning.  The breakfast staff are welcoming and very friendly.   The front desk staff are equally helpful, found not fault and felt very speical from the beginning of our stay.  Thank you, John Pagani",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Return to Waldorf,"My wife and I just celebrated our 48th wedding anniversary at the Waldorf Hilton. This was our third stay there. The front desk personnel welcomed us back. The doormen, concierge and bellmen were friendly and answered any questions we had. We were upgraded to a large King Executive Room. The Executive Lounge manager, Alvaro Garcia Torres, was always asking if he could help with anything we might need.  The hotel is in an excellent location for theaters, restaurants and nightlife.  The Temple tube station is a short walk, and many buses stop right in front of the hotel.  Special thanks to the Guest Services Manager,  Argyro Apergi, for making our stay wonderful.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this place!,"Stayed overnight with my sister, seeing Phantom in evening.  The staff are so friendly, I have stayed once before, but they remembered me so well. I had chocolates and another memory of decorated carrot juice in my room.  Exec lounge is superb, best ever. Beautiful warm scones, jam and cream in pm.  Premium spirits in evening, with Prosecco, wine etc.  Can't wait until the next time. Thank you Xavier!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Must Read -  Mouldy Sandwiches / Curdled Milk / Disgusting Toilets / Lost Luggage / Falsely Charged for Parking,"I would certainly not consider myself an expert on hotel reviews but I can certainly distinguish between a good hotel and a poor hotel.  We booked  rooms for a special occasion under different names and upgraded them from the original ""standard room"".  Upon arrival, we further upgraded 2 of the rooms.    I will put our experiences into 4 sections -   1 - On entry into the room, first thing I noticed that the room, although upgraded 2 tiers was like a matchbox and we had the wrong luggage in the room so I politely called Reception and advised them.  A helpful lady offered us another room so we accepted and were moved.  This room was better but still nothing like the photos that are shown on their site so when i received another call, I said i was still disappointed so was again…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, fantastic location","A beautiful hotel, maintained to a high standard. Laurence at reception was so friendly and caring, a real credit to the team. The rooms are a little small and some have little/no daylight but very comfy beds, clean, and plenty of finishing touches. Service everywhere (esp. breakfast) was brilliant and attentive. Loved the gym but sadly didn't use the pool. Thank you for a lovely stay.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful service ,"2 night businesses stay at the Waldorf. I was very pleased to be able to select a quiet room on 8th floor, with a bathtub. Tasteful decor, that didn’t make this feel like the bland corporate room one sometimes finds with chain hotels.  Great fitness facilities, with access to a fitness first gym and a very nice pool plus sauna.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Walking distance to the Courtauld and Theater!,"If I had not been to the Waldorf Hilton in Rome this would have been impressive.  The rooms all have those elegant soaking tubs and heated towels.  The first floor staff are absolutely charming.  The folks in the executive lounge--not so much.  lounge food just frozen egg rolls and greasy fried bread stuff. A frisee salad with nothing but a bit of grated parm.  Coffee from machine- but machine not maintained.  Cheap selection of alcohol. No Pellegrino;  Staff was pretty rude in morning and evening there.  They stopped replenishing the ""service"" at 8 p on the mark even though the service was supposed to end at 8:30.  But who ends ALL service in an executive lounge at 8:30 pm?  Breakfast and service was much, much better in the restaurant.  Don't do the awful executive lounge…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We stayed at The Waldorf for one night on a Saturday and we couldn’t really fault it. Lovely welcome, really friendly staff, spacious & comfortable room and a great location for us seeing a show. A little expensive for what you get and breakfast was not included but still a lovely stay.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,QUALITY,"This was a social visit with my wife, the quality of the food was very good, the restraint needs some decorating. The hotel looks fantastic, the location is fantastic. This was a late booking on a Saturday night, not too busy so suited me. plenty of street parking available, so i took the car. parking after 6.30pm FREE street parking.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay as always,Great stay as always here  Beautiful big room Spotlessly clean Comfy beds  Lovely toiletries Exec lounge well stocked  Easy check in and check out  Delicious cocktails in Godfreys bar Can’t fault it - highly recommended  ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakfast Blues,"Lovely staff , good room , abysmal breakfast ! Cheap bacon , undercooked and oozing white substance , sausages cheap and nasty . Make your own toast at that price ! Two small glasses of wine in bar £30 ! In the morning persons stretched out full length asleep on sofas ,shoes on !",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Horrible breakfast,"We were so excited to be having breakfast at The Waldorf Hotel. Yes we were met at the entrance by a beautifully dressed door man who nodded politely, we past him to find ourselves with no one to direct us to the dining area. A guest who was leaving told us where to go. We were shown to our table by a receptionist and kind of left to it. Then Mary our waitress came to the table and introduced herself and explained that we were to help ourselves to everything, including cooked food from the buffet. We were surprised that the cooked food was pre-cooked and there would be no table service. Frankly it was awful, it doesn't matter how classy an establishment is supposed to be, pre-cooked fried and scrambled eggs are an absolute no to us. Everything was just second rate. I had a bread…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good location otherwise mediocre,"Stayed here with my grandson at the weekend. Very good location for Covent Garden and Theatres. Also lots of good places locally to eat.  Staff mostly polite and competent, room clean. This is one of London’s iconic hotels but it’s days of glory have long gone. Building and furnishings very jaded and tired, seating in the executive lounge faded and dirty.  The exec lounge had good selection of drinks in the evening but as the lounge is small gets full very quickly. Reception staff very pleasant but were battling with computer issues which made things very slow on check in and out.  I was a little surprised on checking in that the lighting above the reception was full of wires dangling not a good first impression.  I used the swimming pool which was a nice facility to have but…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, mediocre treatment/service","The hotel is lovely and is in a superb location. It's within a 5-minute walk to Covents Garden area, which is filled with eclectic shops, cafes, theaters (including the Royal Opera house). The Strand is a great street that is one block from the hotel and you can walk on the Strand (about 10 minutes) all the way to the National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery at Trafalgar Square. Take the Waterloo bridge and you'll be, in one direction, at the London Eye, Parliament, Westminster Abbey -- at the other direction, you'll encounter all the other great bridges, such as London Bridge, London Tower, the Tate Modern. You can't beat the location. I was here for two nights (interspersed in between was a trip to Cambridge). The rooms I had those two different nights were both fine. The…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Went up on a Saturday morning for lunch and a show, a matinee, so wanted to leave our over night case at the hotel as check in not until 1500 and the reception staff were great and checked us in early so we could freshen up and unpack, helpful and friendly reception staff and very easy check in.   Room was on 3rd floor, lovely clean and modern room, large shower.   Hotel door staff, porters nice, friendly and welcoming and looked very smart.   Breakfast good, husband thoroughly enjoyed his full English and I requested veggie sausages which they happily provided, a bit of a delay on them but the lady looking after us realised I still didn’t have and went and chased up so I didn’t have to ask her, all staff in restaurant friendly, smart and helpful.   This was less than a 24hr…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"This hotel is situated perfectly for my work place. The issue is that it is a little tired, service is less than it could be and there is no effort to improve the experience - I book in a colleagues name and I let her have the Hilton Points every time as I have not interest in coming back",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Vacation at the Waldorf,"My husband and I spent a week at the London Waldorf Hilton while visiting our son who is studying in London and had an excellent experience.  The room was a nice size and clean - housekeeping was very prompt if additional service was needed. The entire staff went out of their way to make our trip remarkable, particularly the concierge staff and the staff in the bar.  I would definitely recommend this hotel and Executive Lounge access is worth the additional cost of the room.  Also it's in a great central location if you are planning to see the sights of the city as we were.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family holiday,"Beautiful location with quick and safe walk to lovely theatre and restaurants.  Red bus stop just outside the door made for easy tourist endeavors. Staff are lovely and try to accommodate all needs. Highly recommend the Executive package which exclusively offers breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening canapés.  We enjoyed the offerings each day and the Executive Lounge staff members exceed expectations.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surprise cocktails for my daughter,"After having been to theatre this is a wonderful place to come and visit and watch the world go by. Their cocktails are simply heavenly and we tried a few, whilst they are not cheap they are excellent and you are sitting in comfort in the Waldorf hotel. We had extremely attentive staff looking after us and we had a fabulous time also enjoying some fresh olives and nuts. This is definitely worth a visit before or after the theatre. Highly recommend",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, Comfy Hotel Room in a Fabulous Location","We loved our 7 night stay at the Waldorf Hilton London.  The rooms were great, the executive lounge is worth the cost, and the location was perfect.  We would easily return to this hotel.   Reasons we loved it:  1. Location:  It is actually on a fairly quiet street.  I had considered Ambla Charring Cross & Le Meridien, but after our visit I see those are on VERY crowded, noisy, trafficky streets.  The Waldorf's street is much more peaceful.  Weather permitting, we could walk to nearly all of the sites we were interested in.  We walked to the Tower of London (40 min), Westminster Abbey (28 min), Harrod's (40 min), British Museum (12 min), the National Gallery (10 min).   We easily accessed Covent Garden tube station (5 min), Temple tube station (5 min), and Waterloo station (15…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location & beautiful hotel,"Situated minutes away from Covent Garden and similarly from the South Bank heading the other direction, this hotel could not have been in a more convenient place for my trip to London.  The hotel itself is impeccable (as one would expect from a Waldorf) and the staff was very helpful and courteous as well.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Afternoon Tea,"Came here for afternoon tea and was initially very happy with the friendly doorman who walked me right in and to the tea room. However this is where things started to go downhill.  We were seated at a table which was half used with cutlery and glasses missing.   We waited 20 minutes before someone came to take our order for tea.   Waiters were unable to understand me - the level of English really was poor and this caused frustration when I wanted to inform them that the sandwiches they served me were stale.   Quality of sandwiches really was very poor as were the scones and desserts. Nobody came at all to ask if everything was ok and to offer us fresh tea. When you are paying £49 each, surely this is the least you can do?  Waiters were setting up the room for the evening dinner…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My daughter felt like a princess the staff and hotel was incredible,We pre booked and had contact via email and phone as my daughter has allergies and medical needs. They catered to an incredible standard for her and worked one to one with us each day. She even had a gift and card by her bed feeling like a princess congratulating her on her dance. It was truly one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had. I even received an email when I arrived home to ensure we were happy and that she had success in her dance performance which was the reason behind our trip. You honestly wouldn’t be disappointed and the history of the hotel is truly magica. Thank you to all the staff at the Waldorf Hotel what a trip!!,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, historical building, excellent pool and gym","To be visited. Friendly staff. Ask for a room viewing Aldwich Circle to view India House special lighting at night. Few minutes by walk from theatres (we enjoyed Motown, to be recommended) and close to Covent garden. For joggers, great tracks close by Thames river.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"The entire staff in every area of the hotel was very pleasant , professional and always willing to provide assistance and recomendations. My family and me are lookikng to go back as soon as possible. An especial annd grateful thanks to Mary from the breakfast staff. She was the most amazing person from all staff!!! Thanks to everybody to make our trip so special!!!!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay!,"This hotel was amazing. Comfy beds. Great staff. I mistakenly booked the wrong room on a busy weekend. They changed my room, quickly and easily. Closed to everything including tube stations and bus stops. Breakfast was amazing, too.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Continues to be a favorite,"I am frequently in London, and often choose the Waldorf Hilton for its proximity to the West End and the London School of Economics, where I have business.  My recent stay at the Waldorf was as good as I expected.  Nice executive room (a little wear and tear, but still large, well-furnished, clean and pretty).  I am a fan of the executive lounge, which serves both breakfast and afternoon tea, although on this visit we used the Homage restaurant for breakfast.  All the care and service you expect from a lovely and capable big city hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sue,"Fab central hotel . Apart from small blip at reception who were unable to locate my booking everything else was perfect . The highlight of this hotel for me was The Concierge service which was first class . Cannot praise them highly enough . They were friendly, knowledgeable and totally on the ball - even supplying me with plasters for my sore feet . Great hotel . Room was lovely - bathroom and toiletries were very nice . When I visit Londpn next I will return to this hotel .",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sunday night at the Waldorf.,"Travelled on a trip with Galloways Coaches. The hotel is well located in theatreland and very near the embankment, Covent Garden and Oxford Street. The rooms are large as is the bathroom, and very well equipped.  Our check in was delayed, and without any complaint, we received a bottle of wine as an apology. The afternoon tea was very nice in a beautiful room, with harp playing as background music, all very pleasant. Breakfast was in the same room, and offered cereals, full english and a selection of pastries. Staff are very attentive, and I cannot really fault anything about our short stay at this lovely hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but disappointing hotel,"It’s an old London hotel with a great location. It looks beautiful from the outside. The hotel bar is lovely, the rooms are very small with no attention to details, not enough water in the room, very cheap flimsy slippers, the dressing gowns are in a terrible condition (very old looking and stained). The hotel breakfast was very disappointing with a small food selection and poor service (slow and unpleasant)! I’ve ordered porched eggs and waited 30 min for it. Also no water at hotel facilities (pool and gym)",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good service and quality people ,Majority of the people coming in this bar are people who stay in the hotel. Good service and decent priced drinks . If u want good time And not too many people around this place is good. Good customer service . ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Mess up our booking, POOR customer service. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!","We book a King double room with lounge access for a special occasion. On Arrival, the receptionist was very friendly and said because it is for special occasion they have upgrade our room. We later found out that the room we got was a queen room so we were confused about the booking and the upgrade. We spoke to the night manager and was told that our room has been upgrade already. We had to explain again that the room we book was King not Queen (King is more expensive). The response we got was 'well there is no other rooms, and it is only £40 difference' !!! I was close to asking an apologies since they have given us the wrong room. The night manager then said ""ok fine I will wave the charges for the breakfast for you' as if he was doing us a favour!!! We have paid the money so…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"First time staying at this hotel which is in the very heart of London’s theatre district, less than 5 minuets from Covent Garden, you can easily walk to most of the top tourist attractions. The hotel staff were really friendly throughout our stay. Had a couple of drinks in the cocktail bar, great atmosphere but expect to pay West End prices! We had an upgraded room which was nicely decorated and very quiet despite the size and location of the hotel. Breakfast was okay but nothing spectacular, bacon undercooked both mornings we were there. Overall though a really good experience, I’d definitely book again.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Screams Excellence!,"Everything about this hotel is absolutely fabulous!  The staff the ambience, the rooms, the “extras”, the location, the food and lounge, the entertainment, and the overall value.  Excellent!  We’ll be back!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing from start to finish, will definitely return","I visited last weekend with friends and had such a great time. From start to finish, the whole experience was amazing.   All staff we came across were so helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble.  Check in was quick, efficient and we were taken up to our junior suite promptly-the lady who took us was so lovely and asked us about our journey etc.   Our suite was amazing-so spacious and had everything you could need, a large walk in dressing room complete with hangers, iron, ironing board, dressing gowns, slippers and hair dryer. There was a separate dressing table area, large hallway, large bedroom with queen size bed, sofa bed and flat screen tv with various channels and a gorgeous bathroom with walk in shower, bath with tv screen and complimentary toiletries. As it…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Close to Covent Garden Area,"An old building from 1908. On a very convenient place which makes very easy to reach most of the locations. The gym is very nice with variety of equipments. The front desk service generally very good but depands the officer you are dealing with. My room was on 6th floor nicely furbished however very small. I don,t know why but in the hotels in UK do not expect to find slippers which I don't like. Internet is not that fast but OK.  Becareful when asking for taxi as the charge to airport is 70 pounds but if you pay via credit card 90 pounds?? Also I was thinking I will have normal taxi but a upper class car has picked me up.I guess standard taxis are cheaper but I have not been informed. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous London Hotel,"I cannot speak highly enough about The Waldorf Hilton. Great location, first class staff and superb executive lounge. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a central top class hotel .",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treated like royalty!,"We had a great experience at the Waldorf. Our family (two adults and two teen's) were greeted right away. Our room wasn't ready, so the general manager on duty gave us a little tour and showed us to the executive lounge for tea and appies until the room was ready.  The room was plenty big for the four of us, and the bathroom was very nice with many updates. We only ate in the  the restaurant for breakfast, but the spread was amazing - no reason to leave hungry!  They have a very nice bar, with a couple of crack mixologists working behind the bar.  The best part was probably the location - right in the heart of Convent Garden, which is where most of the play houses are located, as well as Neals Yard. We were walking distance to several attractions including Trafalgar Square,…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So customer friendly - digital key,"The ease of use of the Hilton’s digital key is a joy.  No need to queue at reception.  Walk straight in, get to the room and go in.  It’s a fantastic benefit and well worth using.  If you are a regular Hilton stayer it’s a must.  It’s good to find a use for the mobile phone that is a real bonus.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great room and location,"We stayed here for our honeymoon and found the Waldorf to be an amazing property.  The room was spacious and very comfortable.  It had a shower and a bathtub as well as a towel warmer.  The room had an ""iPhone"" like device that we could take with us for making local calls as well as Internet (it was great for walking / tube directions and getting around London). There was a pool and gym that we had access to, but did not use. The doorman were very helpful with dinning recommendations  and luggage assistance.  The concerige was knowledgable and very helpful was well. GREAT LOCATION as well Covent Garden is an amazing shopping and dinning area.  The location is amazing for taking in a show at the theater as well. Will stay here again. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay in central London ,We booked three rooms for ourselves sons and girlfriends for one night. The rooms were all very comfortable spotlessly  clean and quiet with good sized bathrooms  The hotel overall was lovely with very friendly and helpful staff. The bar was a pleasant place to spend time with a good choice of reasonably priced cocktails.  There was a spa area with a well equipped gym and pool. The latter was looking a little tired (ripped and stained pool beds) but the pool itself was well heated and a nice addition. We didn’t eat at the hotel so can’t comment on the restaurant but given the hotels location a five minute walk from Covent Garden would not hesitate to recommend ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply the best,"We visit this hotel several times a year. It is simply the best in terms of service with the whole team doing their upmost to make sure everything is just so and when it is not you just have to ask and it will be done. Great rooms great food and the best staff you could want. The executive lounge has to one of the best in London. Take the advice of someone who travels extensively this is the place to stay in London, our home from home. Thank you to all who make our stays so great.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Bad nights sleep, great breakfast","It's all about a comfy bed for me. So unfortunately the Waldorf gets the thumbs down.   Which is a shame because the location for Charing Cross train station and the many theatres is fantastic. The hotel is beautiful, the staff lovely and plentiful, the room, tv and shower great, and the breakfast delicious.  We stayed in room 223, unfortunately the sash window wouldn't close and it was -1°. So the uncomfy bed, cold draught and noise from outside was never going to be a recipe for a good night's sleep.  In fairness we didn't contact front desk to fix, because we were in our pj's and we knew they'd want us to pack our stuff up and move to another room.  But then again, not sure why housekeeping left the window open when it was -1°!  Our room was a 'Superior', which at the Waldorf…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"Hotel rooms showing signs of age and bed was uncomfortable, ask for at least three pillows as they are puffs of air. Breakfast wasn’t great and being buffet style it was only Luke warm. Staff were very good though out . The hotel was full of pretend posh people trying to live the dream.. I found this funny as this was the worst five star I’ve ever been in.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great stay,I love this well-situated hotel as standards are high and the staff are really friendly and helpful as well as being smart and professional. Our room on this re-visit was beautifully furnished and well equipped. I especially appreciated the iron and the magnifying mirror! Afternoon tea and breakfast were very good.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel ,"I stayed here for 8 nights while on Business. Hotel was very clean and quit. I stayed in a junior suite. It was spacious and the bathroom was huge. I also had executive lounge access- scrambled eggs were delicious. You can walk from hotel to any point and in the city. My favorite part was the hospitality from the concierge and the doorman. They were knowledgeable about the city, always provided a warm greeting and were lovely to chat with. Hands down I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay,"Great location, spacious and comfortable room, and impeccable service. Staff really went out of their way to help us.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  Oh and a perfect martini at the bar to finish off the trip.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Avoid - over priced under deliver stay somewhere else,"This hotel is WAY over priced and would be better spent staying at another hotel. Don't mean to be picky but for the price of the room everything should be great.   There were numerous issues with this hotel  - starting with check where they try to pressure you into upgrading your room. - our initial room the window frame fell out of the window. we were moved to another room and give a free drink voucher at the bar. - when the voucher did not show up at the bar after 2 hours the waiter literally chased us down , very embarrassing when this could have been resolved by contacting the front desk. - paper covering for the water glass was reused even after I had stepped on it and the cover was split. - the furniture in the dinning area was so worn that the fabric was worn away and…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,got engaged at the Waldorf!,Excellent hotel with many period features. Lovely staff and King Exec room was very spacious and comfortable. Bit of a wait for Breakfast on a Sunday morning at peak time- restaurant seemed abit small for number of people. Exec lounge afternoon tea seemed only to be soft drinks tea coffee and some olives/crisps we weren't offered anything else despite being in there for over an hour during afternoon tea period but my partner proposed to me there and the staff were super helpful with the arrangements. Loved the bowler hats on the doormen and the cocktail bar looked straight out of sherlock holmes. Would return.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegance and Charm in London’s West End,I just returned from a two week stay at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych in Central London. It was a wonderful experience. It is pure joy from the time the taxi pulls up at the door and the doorman helps me from the car. Check-in is swift and painless. My room was ready. I had the most delicious and elegant tea and was one happy camper. The room was immaculate and well appointed. The staff is so distinguished and polite and intent on the guest having a good time that it is like a throw back to the old elegant hotels in NYC. I loved every minute. The bar and restaurant are particularly fabulous with delicious food and drink and gracious staff attending. Look into the Premium Club which enhanced my experience. Checkout was a breeze although I was sad to leave! This hotel should be 5…,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel ,"This hotel makes you feel you have gone back in time, yet you have all your modern day amenities. From the moment you walk in, staff are there to help you with your bags, and all the staff are helpful and genuinely nice people. We managed to get an upgrade when we was there for a little cheaper than original price which was a nice surprise. The rooms are big and spacious with extra extra comfy beds! We had afternoon tea, canapés and breakfasting the executive lounge. Everything tasted absolutely amazing. My only criticism is that the finger sandwich’s should be covered up to save the bread from going dry, and on the breakfast, had to wait a while for sausages. Just a quick glance every now and then to see levels and that would be sorted.  Overall this is an excellent hotel close…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Solid value, great location in the heart of theatre district / Covent Gardens","We stayed 5 nights at the Waldorf. The location is perfect for travelers. We were close to everything (underground, shops, restaurants, theatre, bus, main attraction spots). Overall the value was solid even if this is an expensive hotel. We suggest you upgrade your room to get access to the executive lounge during your stay as they have breakfast in the morning, cocktails in the evening and coffee/tea/drinks at all time. The lounge is a great place to relax and read the papers/magazines that are provided each day for free.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This was my 3rd visit to the hotel in the last 6 months and the experience has been fairly consistent. The location is great. A skip and a hop away to half a dozen broad way shows. Bus stop right in front of the hotel door (shop at Oxford street, board a direct bus with all your shopping and get dropped right at the hotel doorsteps). Breakfast is good. They have a live omelette counter but all other dishes like an eggs Benedict are chargeable (not included in your breakfast plan). There is a peculiar design flaw on every floor. Half the rooms on each floor are not accessible without using a few steps so that can be a turn off for a lot of people. The 2 things that I do not like about the place are it’s executive lounge (too small for the volume of people it gets) and the fact…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf as a birthday treat and I was completely spoilt by both him and the staff at your wonderful hotel.  In our bedroom was a ""happy birthday"" cake with strawberries, we were treated to a complimentary drink and when we returned to the bar later the bar staff remembered our names and made us feel so so welcome.  Beds so comfy, shower brilliant and my husband said it was the best breakfast he had ever had!!  Well down Waldorf Staff!!!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location,"Hotel is perfectly located a few steps from Covent Garden and Sommerset House. Rooms can be a litlle bit bigger.  Breakfast is very good, with an Omelette station.  Staff is very friendly and will help you with everything you need.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surely one of the best hotels in London,"In a lovely Grade II listed building the Waldorf Astoria is as traditional as it gets. Premium location.It’s not the most picturesque of central London locations, but it is convenient. The Embankment is a few minutes’ walk away, though there are NO PANORAMA RIVER VIEWS. So don't expect this. Fantastic interior and lobby area. Marble everywhere. Great concierge service. Lovely lobby bar. We had fantastic time listening to the great piano. We visited The Waldorf for a wedding of a friend. It was well organized and the day flowed nicely. The halls were beautiful and you could see that the Events Team is really experienced. The one thing that surprised me was the level of service during dinner. The staff is only partially full time working for The Waldorf. Most of the waiters were…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but not value for money,"I booked three rooms for a family trip, my parents, sister and myself to enjoy a night out in town.  The location of the hotel is superb and the hotel itself is nice, staff are very good. However, the rooms are small, although it’s central London so not unexpected. However, it’s the speed of service and lack of space for guests to enjoy downstairs that bothers me the most.  Room service was slow, we ordered room service for lunch. It took almost an hour to arrive and only showed up after chasing the order. I appreciate I sound petty, but it was a very expensive room for what it is and charging so much for a sandwich and chips, it shouldn’t take an hour!  After an evening out myself and my sister stayed down to enjoy a drink at the bar. Firstly there’s a distinct lack of seating…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Attentive ,I love this place from the doorman to the head sommelier  All are very attentive to your needs. Lovely place great for lunch dinner or drinks. Have excellent rooms in a great central location  Food is excellent good selection to suit all requirements from vegan to kosher.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Evening at Waldorf Astoria,"My partner and I thought it would be nice to treat ourselves to a night in the Waldorf Hilton in London. This would be combined with a show and an evening meal in the hotel.  We arrived at the hotel  and were quickly processed. The room was fine, if a bit small.  However our major disappointment was the evening meal. We went to our show but had to miss the last 5 minutes in order to arrive back at the hotel for 9:30. The restaurant venue although grand, is very badly lit. Loads of potential to be a spectacular venue but the lighting is very dull and uninspiring. When we looked at the menu it was also very uninspiring unless you liked steak, chicken or fish. Nothing exotic or imaginative. When the meal arrived, my chicken was simply chicken with roast potatoes and hard asparagus.…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, minor quibbles","Stayed at the Waldorf last Saturday night (Theatre trip). The staff were attentive and friendly throughout our stay and could not be faulted. The room was clean and tidy, if a little on the small side. Slight frustration was the lack of tea-bags (lots of fruit teas - but not much black tea).   The bar was a pleasant setting for a night-cap, or would have been had there been any space (we joined a group of residents with nowhere to go - advised by embarrassed staff to maybe order a drink and take it back to our room).  Breakfast was faultless - a massive buffet selection, attentive waiters and anything ordered brought quickly to the table.  Overall a good experience which complimented our night out !",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business trip with my wife,"Meeting with business aquaintances. Stayed overnight after business dinner, delightful company and superb service from the staff of this super hotel. Had dinner here and my business aquaintances were all suitably impressed. My business aquaintances Munu Megan and Victor Okoh were superb hosts. Thank you both.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Little Details That Do Matter Failed,"I have always enjoyed my stays at the Hilton chain of hotels, and I’d say the same for my most recent stay at The Waldorf. So what went wrong for me to give them a lowly 2 stars?  Don’t get me wrong. The service provided by every staff at the hotel had been great. And that is something that I value a lot, which is why the rating stayed at 2 stars instead of going lower. But there is much to say about the housekeeping.   Everything about my room had been great, except for 2 items. First, my toilet seat was broken. Second, and this one is the killer for me - the kettle was disgustingly dirty. I really mean nauseatingly disgusting dirty, with slimy gung and deposits.  Typically I wouldn’t have minded any of these if they had just attended to them after I called housekeeping. Things…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Argus Metal Week in Theatre land,"Stayed during the excess of the ""Beast from the East"" which resulted in plummeting temperatures and heavy snow accumulations.  Unfortunately, the hotel struggled with warming and my room was freezing, with only single glazed windows which had been refurbished over old windows on the outside basically falling apart.   However, this Hotel is in prime theatre location land and many great restaurants and theatre's to visit in very close proximity with easy commute to the Airports with Covent gardens tube only 7 minutes away.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, best staff!","The Waldorf Hilton, conveniently located in the heart of the theatre district and a stone’s throw from Covent Garden, is worth the added expense. I have to admit I was a bit confused by the name: is the hotel a Waldorf Astoria or a Hilton? Still not sure, but quality wise, it’s more at the level of the latter. Not a 5-star hotel. That said, the staff—from the doorman to the cleaning staff to the front desk—couldn’t be more welcoming, friendly or accommodating. We stayed for a week, and the doorman greeted me every morning and evening as I was leaving or returning from the office.  Our room was a small suite, with a sofa bed, which wasn’t the most comfortable, but acceptable (apparently, the rooms recently were renovated). A huge bathroom, with a tub and separate rain shower, but…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3  night stay after Cruise to Antarctica,"At the end of a 26 night holiday, we were booked into The Waldorf for 3 nights.  We arrived early and had access to the Executive Lounge which was a relief after an overnight flight. Alvero, the Lounge manager remembered us from a stay in August last year and was most attentive.  The Executive Lounge is always busy but the staff keep a close eye and assist at all times. We had breakfast there twice as well and were very well looked after",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great mix of modern and traditional,"I didn’t expect to like this hotel particularly, as i thought it would be a strange mix of traditional and Hilton.  It was, but it was excellent. The building is iconic and the original features have been maintained in the public areas. The rooms, however, have been completely updated and are comfortable and modern without being out of sync with the rest of the property.  We didn’t use any of the facilities or restaurants, as London is right on the doorstep, but the public areas were busy and looked like they would be good fun.  Recommend this for location and rooms. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive - you pay for the location ,I stayed here for 3 nights whilst working for a client on a conference which was taking place. I felt a little disappointed given the cost was £800 the room didn’t have the wow factor I was expecting. Staff are great and very well trained and attentive and breakfast was lovely. We ate in the hotel for dinner one night which is reasonably priced and the food was nice. My only gripe was at 10pm we had to put up with a screaming baby in the restaurant and I think given this was so disruptive they should have been asked to leave especially at that time of night.  I think the price is so high as you are right in the heart of the west end but there are other hotels of a similar standard which are lower in price -I wanted an experience and didn’t feel I got that. The staff were great…,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"For such an iconic hotel it was disappointingly adequate & fell far below the standard of other Hilton branded hotels.  Breakfast was disappointing- buffet style, no hot plates & food not particularly warm. Service in the dining room was slow.  The window in the room had a large gap at the top so it was draughty. The room was on the 5th floor & a lot of work was being carried out so there were engineers tools, wires & ladders all over the corridor. An engineer walked into the room without warning - luckily I was in a bathrobe. The floor should have been closed while the work in the roof space was being carried out.  Did not expect to have to call out an engineer to unstick the plug in the bathroom sink either - the mechanism for releasing the plug was not attached so it was…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,Have stayed here on many occasions but this time was outstanding. Ruben at front desk could not have been more helpful on check in and explained about the wedding and potential noise and thus had changed my room and upgraded to try and alleviate the issue....and it did. Service throughout was superb and the afternoon tea in the exec lounge was superb All in all this was a 6 star experience....thank you,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The hotel is very good, I would say the location is what makes this hotel it is perfect for people wanting a great night out.   The hotel was comfy, clean and well presented. The main entrance is great really has a wow factor with a fantastic bar the good godfry. I would stay here again and certainly would recommend.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok stay- it’s the little things that matter ,"Stayed for weekend for concert trip. I have been in many Hilton’s and found this one, despite its iconic history, not quite as enjoyable. Nothing major but just little things you normally take for granted . Arriving at the room a workman was working on the locks, the key card then didn’t work, the heated indoor pool ( as advertised) was barely heated, the steam and sauna were not hot either and no water in the room. On the positive side, was very friendly , it was lovely atmosphere in the bar and the location is perfect for theatre land. The 4 stars this has from myself and others overall is about right. Good, but should be great...",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Stayed overnight for a theatre break. Went to hotel in the morning to drop off bags, room was ready! Fantastic! Lovely big room. We had a roll away bed for our granddaughter. Lovely bright bathroom. Shower excellent. View was of brick walls, but that wasn't what we were there for! Staff very friendly and attentive right through from booking, meals, drinks and check out. Used the pool. Could have had a few more Sun loungers or seats. Breakfast was lovely. Everything you could want including an omelette station. Mini bar expensive.....£6 for crisps.....but what do you expect? I was a little concerned that staff may be a little 'stuffy'........ but they were lovely. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Fantastically friendly staff in all areas of the hotel. Slight delay getting into my room was well compensated with free drink in the bar.  Room was bright, airy and modern. Room service efficient and not too long of a wait. Saturday afternoon lunch in Good Godfrey’s was very enjoyable and the El Presidente cocktail very good indeed!   Price and location were spot on! ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's the people who work there who make the hotel,"I've been coming back to The Waldorf Hilton every year since 2010 and I come back there because of the people who work there. The hotel is of course wonderful, but I haven't been treated this well in any other hotel I have ever stayed. Don't get me wrong – I stay at a regular room and there is nothing special about me, I'm your average ordinary everyday kid, to paraphrase Def Leppard. So that's not the reason.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Position great but hotel stadards falling.........,"We have spent the weekend (2/3 nights), with our 2 children (so 3 rooms) twice a year for about the last 10 years at the Waldorf. The hotel is in an undeniably great position and this is what keeps bringing us back. The hotel itself though is  disappointing. Everytime we go there seems to be yet another ""little thing"" that has changed for the worse. Put all the ""little things"" together and it does make for a really big deterioration of services offered over time. I think the Hilton chain is relying greatly on the position of the Waldorf to bring people in. I would have thought that it would have wanted to have done more than that to encourage people to stay in one of its London flagship hotels. Some examples of things that have changed are: turn down service. Very hit and miss…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fabuous staff, great location,","I arrived after midnight and was welcomed by Mr. Ziaul the night manager. I could not have received a warmer welcome ! After discovering that the lock on my door didn't work Mr. Ziaul himself moved me to a bigger room and made sure that everything was perfect. The hotel has many different pampering amenities like a free phone for local calls and internet, breakfast promotion, wall outlets for foreign plugs, excellent toiletries etc... The staff is gracious and warm and will do their utmost to help. Even dear Mehmet in the restaurant gave outstanding service and served me my second cappuccino with a smiley face made of foam and super quick friendly service (the food was delicious as well). A special thanks to Mr. Ziaul the night manager for taking such good care of me and making…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Weekend,"We had a wonderful weekend staying that the Waldorf Hilton.  The staff were brilliant and the food and hotel were excellent. The afternoon tea was to die for.  Evening meal and breakfast excellent to.  The room was clean and well equipped, very good.  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,As usual a very warm welcome.,"We have stayed at this hotel quite a few times and it never disappoints! The staff are friendly and excellent in their care of us during our stay. The restaurant staff are keen to say attention to every little detail I believe a change of menu would be good as we know what to expect but what there, is we find very good. If there is a problem (which there rarely is) then it is quickly and professionally dealt with. The Executive lounge deserves special mention and Alvero is particularly helpful in making sure our stay is a good one. We look forwards to our return in March.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel in Brilliant location,"The Waldorf Hilton is an Excellent Hotel, with a fantastic feel & facilities. Family room was terrific with everything my family needed. shame we did not have enough time to use the Pool & Gym as well.  superb location on Aldwych, perfect for Covent Garden & the Theatres. we all Loved it & would recommend it.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,We Stayed here Saturday just gone and was looking forward to a lovely stay in a classic hotel. We arrived and booked in at about 5pm. I went to make a cup of tea and there was only two tea bags to last us overnight and in the morning. I then opened a long life milk and it curdled. I called down to concierge and had too wait for about half an hour. My wife then run a bath and there was only one bath robe. I once again called downstairs and they said they would send one up. After half an hour I then called housekeeping and after a short period it eventually arrived. This may seem petty but I feel for the money I paid I expected better. Later on I called for an ice bucket once again I had too call again as it didn’t arrive. The attitude of the person on the phone was terrible as if…,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay!,"As a fan of the Waldorf’s, I wasn’t disappointed. Customer service off of everyone we interacted with was excellent.  Rooms were spacious, comfortable and very clean. Hotel is a little tired, but being 110 years old i find it difficult to complain. Everything you expect when visiting this chain, thank you!",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Abysmal stay,"If you are looking to stay in a London hotel of this ilk, do not choose this place. It is not worth the money and this is coming from a Hilton Diamond member. Unbelievable welcome from all staff across the front door and check in, then it goes down hill. The building is old and room average albeit, generous in size. Our stay included an unfriendly bar experience where, the waitress was more concerned about telling us it was ‘nearly last orders’ than taking our drinks. She was, however, quick to take our money. The real issue was in the morning. Signs were posted the evening before, stating that the restaurant was going to be busy for breakfast so, go early. We chose room service. A mistake. Upon ordering, we were told a 45 min wait. Not a problem. An hour goes by and we enquire.…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mini break ,"Beautiful old London hotel, made to feel welcome from the time the door man opens the door . Staff were great and our room was lovely ,would advise this place to anyone . Thank you to all the staff for making our trip a great one 👍👍👍",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Just next to Covent Garden. Elegant but not too fussy. Friendly and helpful staff. Quality food and rooms. Great little cocktail bar for a late evening drink where Danielli the ""mixologist""  wowed us with original cocktails based on our likes and dislikes.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good!,"Great location on Aldwych near theatre land / Covent Garden. Executive lounge facility offering drinks and snacks. Rooms are tired but a good size as are the bathrooms. Bath, separate shower, double sink,tea / coffee making facilities in room. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Close to LSE,"Quick check in, outstanding in room dining, good health conscious choices for breakfast. Close proximity to LSE and Kings College. Concierge phone is a nice touch. Everyone I interacted with during my time there were courteous and pleasant without being overbearing.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Cracking location, lovely staff, fab room",I mentioned it was a celebration for my wife's 50th and a choc cake arrived at the room with a lovely decoration. Staff helpful for everything even though the hotel was completely full they still made the visit feel tranquil despite being in the heart of theatre land. Pool lovely too but swap the pillows on the bed for the luxurious ones in the cupboard (not sure why?) We will definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,There on business for the week. Nice room and good sevice,"Room was on 3rd floor facing the Aldwych rd. Room was perfect and not too noisy facing the road. There is a button nr the door which I inadvertently switched down, not knowing this meant do not clean down the room. As soon as I questioned why my room had not be serviced I was advised of the said switch and all was good. Nr plenty of entertainments and restaurants and Covent Garden. Breakfast a little slow at busier times mostly due to a single meeter and greeter which probably needs some consideration especially at busy times. Will use again.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"Had an overnight stay, it was superb!!!  We stayed in a double room, which was clean and a good size. From check in to check out our stay was faultless. All staff were polite, helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast was delivered to our room and was delicious  Would highly recommend",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very clean hotel, room large for London. The best thing is the pool and sauna, which is rare for a London hotel. Would stay again. Did not have breakfast there as there is so much choice elsewhere. We had a deal, would not pay full price.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb customer service,"Stayed for one night, great location,  twin room, average size, very clean & well kept, the staff make this hotel,  they were all very professional, polite, nothing was to much trouble for them, when we arrived we were given double instead of a twin , changed my room  without any fuss & gave me a voucher for 2 free drinks, a nice touch was message left on the room phone with the name of staff if we needed anything to call, breakfast good selection & good quality, can order fresh omelettes from chef in dining room.  There was a party of very noisy & drunk people in the bar in the evevning who were bothering other guests, the waitress in the bar handled a very drunk customer very well & professional, the security came and removed the very drunk man who was bothering us.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best hotel in London ,"I often stay in London for business and find the hotels very hit and miss. I was so impressed with the staff during every part of my visit to the hotel, nothing was too much trouble. Would highly recommend. ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Last trip to London,This is a great old Hotel close to the theaters  We love the grabs hall where they serve the meals  Great front desk staff  Always helpful with the rooms and local attractions  Lovely pool as well  Recommend it for business and family All the Waldorf’s  have certain grandeur quality to them   ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrific Service and Location,Spent the past 5 days in London at the Waldorf. I am a Diamond member so I travel quite a bit. The staff at thos hotel is top notch from the front door to the kitchen. I am keen to return.  Great location as well..Covent Market is wonderful and the choice of restaurants and theatre is almost overwhelming.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Like the place!,"Now I have been there around 7 times. I moved from my usual place in London in Canary Wharf as my stakeholders are moving to Strand.  The location is really central which helps when using the Eurostar (St Pancras) and walking distance to the office… so nothing to complain about!  The place is classy, the service is high standards and the rooms are spacious for the London standards… The breakfast is good, there is a nice and quiet executive lounge and the room service offers a good variety of dishes when you keep working in your room!  The little bémol I would bring is the restaurant… even if it is ok, you would expect more… it respects all the criteria though but I am maybe being a bit difficult… I do definitely recommend if you are in centre of London.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Return Couple Visit,"I booked The Waldorf Hilton London as a surprise for my husbands birthday as i had also booked a show that was near by. I called the hotel directly to book and the lady managed to find me a dinner, bed and breakfast deal which was really good value. Our room was lovely and clean and one of the comfiest beds i have stayed in. We had pre drinks in Good Godfery's bar, the waiter found us a table and was really helpful with letting us try the wine before we purchased to make sure we liked it. They then took the rest of our drinks to our table for dinner in the homage restaurant. I would like to point out that i had to call and book the table for my booking separately, it did takes ages to get through but eventually i managed to get through and they were able to book my table for…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really good hotel,"Great room, great service and nice location right next to the theater district and cool little restaurants and pubs. Nice little breakfast place just two doors down if you do not feel like paying hotel prices dor breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent friendly service ,We had a night in a family room which was perfect for our needs on a family theatre trip.   The service and welcome was excellent as was the breakfast.   The only negative was the pool was rather cold!  We’ll definitely use the hotel again when having a night in town for the theatre ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night visit,"Had an executive room which gives access to executive lounge where you have complimentary beverages, breakfast, canapés and alcohol. Executive lounge was very nice not too busy either so plenty of room to sit down. The hotel itself looked a bit tired in places. Around the pool the plaster is chipped and mouldy. The floor by the pool is very slippery with the marble finish. The pool itself was nice. Sauna was nice steam room was not so great and quite cold other guests also commented on that. The room we had was one for a disabled guest with a walk in shower which when we used flooded the bathroom floor so we ended up using the towels to mop the floor. Drainage and shower curtain was insufficient. It wasn’t what we were expecting, had we spent more than one night there I think I…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed for a few days of business and was impressed not only with the quality of the rooms but also the friendliness of the staff who went above and beyond to accommodate.  The executive lounge access is worth upgrading for -- breakfast, afternoon and evening access to a great assortment of snacks, beverages and in the evening sparkling wine, beer, wines and soft drinks. Relaxing and professional atmosphere good for business or leisure travel.  Beds are extremely comfortable and while it is a ""Hilton"" it does not feel commercial and has a great atmosphere. Staff were very friendly and went out of the way to make recommendations and even helped see us in the right direction.  Wonderful location -- would absolutely stay again next time I come!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service,"We spent nine nights at the Hilton Waldorf beginning on January 23, 2018.  Rarely have we stayed at a hotel in which the service was outstanding from start to finish.  The Executive Lounge is well worth the price — great breakfast, tea throughout the day, snacks, and drinks at night.  The Waldorf is also a great location from which to see multiple plays.  From the Doormen to the Concierge, well done!!!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised,"The location of this hotel is perfect for theatre land. We received a warm welcome from very efficient doormen and reception staff. Our room was ready on time and was really lovely, clean, cosy and with a delightful port hole style window. We had excellent gin and tonics and cocktails made beautifully by such nice staff in the bar by reception before we went off to see our show. The staff really made us feel valued and obviously take pride in their hotel. I was not expecting this to be honest as I thought we would be ‘just another guest’ but this is not the case,",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Fantastic service, really fancy location and setting and lovely food. You can't ask for more. It was my gfs30th and they offered some free champagne and cake to celebrate which was a really nice touch.  Thanks Waldorf!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent. ,Went to the Waldorf Hilton on Monday 22nd January! After a mix up with trying to rearrange the booking we were very impressed with the professional and friendly service we received.  The ambience and friendliness of the staff was perfect.  Afternoon tea with champagne was superb and I would highly recommend it. From start to finish we were treated fantastically by the waiting staff! A superb way to end a lovely weekend in London! ,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Service, Killian was Great",We booked dinner here at the Waldorf for the Homage restaurant and the service was just amazing. Kilian the manger there was very attentive and gave great food recommendations. The staff was also very welcoming and the hotel itself has a lovely warming atmosphere.I will definitely be visiting there again. Thank you for such a delightful experience,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service!,"The staff is excellent, especially the bell staff and concierge staff. If you can, take advantage of the Executive Lounge where breakfast and tea are served. It's a nice quiet space. The bar is beautiful with a nice street view. The rooms are good sized for London. The location suited us well as we were seeing some shows and visiting some of the museums. Loved the historic building too. Overall, the hotel elevated our experience in London.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Musical Weekend,"We booked this hotel due to the fantastic positioning in the West End. We literally walked out of the door and were right in the hub of the nightlife, including some fantastic restaurants and bars. Our room was lovely and clean, and surprisingly quiet for London! The bed was super comfy, and so were the pillows, and I love my own bed. The staff made you feel welcome and couldn't be more helpful. We especially enjoyed a few drinks in the 'Good Godfrey' bar. Lovely cosy atmosphere. I would definitely stay again without any doubt.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It’s the little things..,"When deciding where to stay I always look for detailed and honest reviews here on trip advisor first. So let me help those of you in that exact position by giving my honest reflection after a night at the Waldorf.  Arrival -  From the moment you arrive at the Waldorf your experience begins. Myself and my wife we’re greeted at the door by extremely attentive staff who also carried out luggage the short distance from the door to reception. We were then greeted at check in by a very happy member of staff. As this was around 11am our room was not ready however the staff took our bags and assured me that a text would be sent to my number once the room was ready, allowing myself and my wife to explore London.  I also met the amazing Sarah at this point who, as it was my wife’s…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"​We like this hotel because ​it is within walking distance of all the West End's amenities.  ​Yes, some of the old school elegance is missing in parts ​and the rooms a bit small but this what you get in the capital.  The ​hotel ​staff were all pleasant and helpful throughout our stay.  ​We pick the Waldorf as it has a gym (huge and well equipped for a hotel) and pool, though it is sadly too small to swim lengths in.  The gym is part of a chain which means it is open to non-guests so got busy in the evening.  ​It has had a makeover since we were last there.  It is now very clean and well maintained.  One thing that spoiled our visit​,​ ​however, was the attitude of one of the reception staff, a big man with glasses; he was really rude and aggressive to my daughter and me. ​  Not…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely inside and out - in terms of staying and location,"We chose to stay here on a family vacation and were delighted from the time we arrived until check out. The location is brilliant, close to the underground but lots within walking distance (and it feels very very safe). The staff could not be more accommodating. The amenities were fantastic (and while we didn't use it, we did visit the gym -- wow, it's incredible, not a regular hotel gym at all!). And if you have access to the executive lounge, use it -- nice breakfasts and bites all day long really. Be sure to walk over to Covent Garden, lots of great shops and restaurants. Our whole family commented at various times throughout the trip how much we enjoyed this hotel and we will definitely stay here again the next time we decide to visit London.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Roaring 20's lives on,"A magnificent building with helpful, friendly, efficient staff. It feels like the set of a 1920's film set with opulent architecture, exquisite fixtures and fittings and a truly magnificent ballroom (Palm Court).   The accommodation is well appointed, comfortable and clean.   The bars and restaurants have excellent choice, of great quality and premium produce.  Clearly, it is prestige pricing to match it quality, but not exceptionally high for London.  Located within easy walking distance of most of the major sights of London and very much in the heart of Theatre Land (and Covent Garden).  A wonderful stay.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Disappointing and expensive - nothing of the ""Waldorf"" experience left","Parents and daughter excited to spend a weekend in London, going to the theatre and to the movies. The extra bed we asked for in the room was not there when we arrived. The tea making facilities were, strangely, in this small clothes cupboard. They did not tell us the swimming pool was closed and offerd us as compensation access to the Lounge, which my wife already had. They did not see ""in the system"" her membership tier. Cleaning staff made lots of noise in the corridor. Staff generally seemed to lack training and attentiveness, except for the lovely South American lady replenishing finger food in the lounge. Some dirt on the corridors (croissant crumbs) was there more than two days. On the day we left, they were lining up chairs, speakers and cables in the corridors and we…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but not special,I stayed for one night earlier this month. I was upgraded to a junior suite and also could use the executive lounge both of which were nice and pushed me towards the 4 star review. However the hotel shows its age and breakfast downstairs was not particularly special. There are better options in London and it is not a great example of the Waldorf Astoria brand,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Posh,"The service was the best I've ever received! As soon as we pulled up out front to the time our car arrived to take us to the airport. The hotel was fantastic and the service was even better. Pricey! Like beyond pricey, but use your points for a cheaper well worth it stay!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Really lovely staff - they couldn't do enough to make my stay special. Very attentive. The rooms are comfortable and quiet. Near to Covent Garden tube station - just a short walk. Delicious breakfast!,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor breakfast ,"We have stayed in this hotel on lots of occasions over the years and been very impressed with it, breakfast is always slow particularly on Sunday morning. This time it was much worse we had 25 minutes to wait in the corridor before we got a table. Part of the restaurant was closed for a wedding. There wasn't enough staff on I counted at least 6 empty tables waiting to be cleaned while people stood waiting. Not 5 star. If they book weddings they need to make arrangements for breakfast.  The staff tried their best and ran around. Poor service  ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,IT'S ALL IN THE NAME,"Let me start by saying ""The Waldorf"" Brand is iconic.  I am still in mourning for the closing of the Waldorf Astoria in New York as she was the Grand Old Lady of Hotel Establishments.  I have stayed at the Waldorf in New York, Dubai and Rome and have loved every minute of it.  On a recent trip to New York (Sadly the Waldorf was now closed) i thought that i could indulge the same euphoria in London.  I was the uneducated one and after the fact have subsequently learnt that if the name ""Astoria"" does not sit snugly to the right it's not the same thing.  I was bitterly disappointed.  Gone are the beautiful Salvatore Ferragamo amenities.  Our room was right next to a housekeeping service entrance so we needed to put up with constant banging.  The sad thing here is I don't like doing…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gin Experience - Great value for money,"We spent a very pleasant afternoon enjoying the Waldorf's ""Gin tasting experience"" and had a great time. An attentive bar manager made us very welcome and was very knowledgeable when describing the gins we had chosen to taste. We were able to choose 4 gins each (25ml x 4) with no restriction on choice. Cream tea was served once we had completed the tasting exeperience. We found the whole event excellent value for money and would recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They lost there service and glance,"I think we've already staid over 10 times at the Waldorf Hilton, the last stays it was already going with hiccups, for example never a early check in available, even when you called them in advance our arrive is around 3pm, you have to wait for an other one and a half hour.  Because we love the location, close to West End, the Opera and Covent Garden, we wanted to try once more if the service was improved, because almost the whole management has changed since a year, well again we get dissapointed in advance.  We have contacted the hotel directly after making the reservation, because we had bad experiences last stay with a room with only a bath, we really want a room with a walk-in shower. But that did not go very well, the day before we left home we called again, and there was…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sublime service,"Stayed for 2 nights with the kids, first of all the hotel is in a fantastic position, really handy for theatreland & all the other attractions. Read a few comments that the hotel needs refurbishing and it is a little tatty here and there but it is full of character and slightly faded grandeur, we loved it, we stayed in room 241 at the front of the hotel so we had a little road noise, other than that it was fantastic as it had a lounge with a seperate bedroom along with access to the executive lounge which was superb. One thing that really stood out were the staff, absolutely superb. cant wait to stay again.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews, Birthday surprise ,"Just one night but really nice.  Very friendly staff and very nice double room, I would say a recent refurb.  Wish we could have stayed longer but...   close to show of our choice and restaurant, so very convenient.  We were advised to go for breakfast before 9.30 or else there would be a queue. We had a lie in and arrived for breakfast at about 9.40 and had to queue for about 20 minutes.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Added to Our London Experience,"A pre arranged weekend trip to the Smoke to meet up with friends. Picked the Waldorf for its location and reputation. We were not disappointed with our choice.  Well looked after by all staff from the doormen to Reception to Restaurant. Nothing really to complain about. Not the cheapest but then again quality costs and we thought the stay was well worth it.  Large Queen bedroom, spacious, comfortable bed and pleasant bathroom.  Will have no hesitation in making a return trip.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Lovely Hotel,"I was here for New Years. I enjoyed my time at the hotel. Its a beautiful hotel. It is near all of the main attractions. A short walk from the tube.  The beds are very comfortable. I had one issue with my bathtub that could not be resolved quickly. If you are planning to stay over a big holiday or event like New Years, I would suggest contacting the hotel in advance.  Mass transit and local transportation was closed on New Years even and I had to walk some distance for any transportation.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING !!!,"Amazing stay in the Hilton  Me and my partner stay for few days over my birthday . The hotel is bueatifyl place, our room was nice, big and clean. On the arrivals we been surprise with a couple drinks waiting for us in our room, and in the evening after we back from dinner I spot a happy for that cake with a card which was so nice of the hotel. Service very polite and professional (massive Thank you to Liam on breakfast which was always making sure we are ok) The hotel him self is right in the centre of London centre , There is lots of many restaurant and cafe to choose from. I wanna Thank you to everyone in Hilton hotel for making our stay and my birthday even more enjoyable.  Thank you",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Practically perfect ,"Yes, very well done to the Waldorf! There was a big group of us for a business event so I was expecting the worst - big queues when we all descended at the same time to check in, but no...... a clip board and pre- allocated rooms later I was pleasantly surprised!. For that reason and the fact that my room was lovely, I’ll overlook the fact that my luggage (that I had left with the concierge 6 hours earlier) was not taken to my room (which you  might have expected at this class of hotel) and that I struggled to get hot water through my shower (but did get it beautifully through my bath handheld attachment -odd)! Thank you Waldorf - a surprisingly pleasant experience but with still room for improvement. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A 5 star experience,"While this hotel is expensive, it is one of the best in London and you will have a wonderful stay. The rooms are wonderful, the staff are always willing to go the extra mile to help. The breakfast was great, so much choice and good quality ingredients. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We chose this hotel because of the location. We were a bit early so checked in and then stored our bags. On returning after 3pm our room was still not ready. The excuse was due to late 'check outs'. I do feel that if you are busy you should not allow late 'check out' for those rooms allocated for 3pm arrivals. However, the clerk found us another room with a walk in shower (we were not bothered about not having a bath) so we managed to get to the room and get changed before our appointment. The rooms are nice- we had a Queen room which was spacious, well decorated and clean. Two bottles of water on the table which was nice but beware - the bar has a motion sensor so don't move anything in the bar!! The hotel bar was excellent - nice atmosphere, friendly and efficient staff. The…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Location, and Staff",I come to London once a month and am always please with my experience at this hotel.  It's location is great and the staff is always personable and helpful.  You couldn't ask for more at this property.  Will happily return upon my return to London.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special treat,"My wife and I stayed here for one night as a little treat away from the family. The hotel feels luxurious and is in a great location for the West End and Covent Garden. The room was comfortable and quiet and the service was excellent from every staff member. Not cheap, but worth it for a special treat. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay near the theatres,"As excepted from a hotel with the reputation of the Waldorf, our stay was excellent. The staff in all departments were welcoming, non-intrusive and attentive. The room (although smaller than expected) was well equipped, very comfy and quiet. The shower was awesome. We will definitely stay here again when we come for another show nearby. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive but well located,"Stayed one night after dinner and theatre. The hotel is ok but nothing exceptional. Our room (Executive) was spacious but a little tired. Just a fairly weak shower over the (narrow) bath. Executive lounge nice, but some tables way too high for the armchairs if you're trying to eat food from them!",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!,We have stayed in this hotel quite often and have just had a night in an executive room with breakfast included.  We were disappointed. In the main restaurant there was a delay for a breakfast table of about 15 minutes. Don't want to spend 15 minutes standing in a hotel corridor to round off our trip.  We then tried breakfast in the executive lounge. Found a seat which was not designed for eating at a table and whilst the table was given a quick wipe the significant quantity of cake crumbs on the  floor were ignored. A very non executive breakfast selection so we ended up round the corner in a cafe buying a breakfast that we had already paid for in the room rate.  Nice room on 3rd floor with a nice Savoy shower head but a pit pointless when the hot water pressure was so poor it…,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Goodbye Hilton!,"Considering the cost, the Waldorf Hilton was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Feels like I've wasted a lot of money only to add some unpleasant memories: too many things to list. The only good thing about the hotel I remember was its location.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay 😍,"My fiancé’s last 3 days is london and we happened to spend it in Waldorf and was absolutely a best decision.  We had a warm welcome by Radek at the entrance :) and then a very lovely lady at reception for check in ,Ella .. we missed our first brkfast on our very first day and Ella was very kind to take us up to the lounge and arrange us some hot food. Thank you for taking care of us 🤗.  We also got an upgrade to exec room, very comfortable bed, spacious bathroom.   Restaurant and Bar team were very professional.... very attentive ... we also had our last dinner at the hotel’s main restaurant and the food and service was beyond the expectation.  Every single team members we came across were very welcoming and made us feel valued.  I also must not forget to mention some amazing…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfectly located, classy London Hotel","Located in the heart of the theater district, this hotel is one block from Covent Garden shopping area. It was perfectly located to all London sites, the hotel will hail a cab or arrange private car service for you. Staff and concierge were all extremely friendly and helpful. We were able to check in early and do late check outs. Rooms felt luxurious and were newly updated with full sized shower and tub (which I wasn't expecting since it is the UK and I thought rooms were typically smaller). It was our first time in London and if we went back I would stay there again!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,TOTAL LUXURY,Our sons treated us to a London break and the Waldorf Hilton was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. All the staff were very helpful and polite. The room was excellent with a wonderful view of London from the 7th floor. Best of all was the wonderful food in the beautiful restaurant.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend ,"My partner and I stayed at the Waldorf after seeing a play and we had a really lovely time. The staff were so accommodating when we had some issues with the air conditioning and offered complimentary breakfast which was very kind. Room was cosy and clean, would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and service,"I traveled to London with the primary goal of going to the theatre. This hotel is conveniently located very near the West End.  One of the shows i saw was about 2 minutes away.  I used points to stay here as I'm Hilton Diamond.  There was no upgrade available when I arrived.  I stayed in a Queen room that is fairly small with the bathroom being extremely small.  However, since I was traveling alone, it was more than enough room for just me. It would have been way too small if I were traveling with someone.  The breakfast buffet is very nice and the evening reception in the Executive Lounge is also very, very good.  I would recommend paying extra if necessary for access, especially if you are traveling with another person.  I had previously stayed at the Paddington Hilton, but…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great start to the new year with the Waldorf Hilton London with my Dad,"Stayed here from the 2nd Jan to the 5th Jan with my dad as he had traveled all the way from Thailand to see me for the new year. Upon checking in we were amazed by the look of the hotel it has such a wonderful atmosphere to it, location is amazing easy walk or transportation to everything. Once checking in we were checked in by Mrs Argyro from Greece whom immediately greeted us with a smile and was making polite and pleasurable conversation with me and my dad! She gave us an upgrade to start our new year in the best possible way we were absolutely over the moon as it was our first time at this hotel and we enjoyed it to the absolute max and would definitely be coming back here. Such a wonderful member of staff!! Following the rest of our stay as we were lucky enough to be given…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant enough,"We stayed at the Waldorf overnight as a treat. We have a Hilton gold card and I must say due to that we were treated very well. We were given a room upgrade and free drinks at the bar. The hotel was fine and has a great location, our room was very quiet as it was on the top floor. Breakfast was good but not the best we have had, inevitably it was very busy Worth the money? Probably not unless you have a gold card",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very impressive,"This was another great hotel we stayed at in London.  Perfect location to walk to most parts of the city, but right in the heart of everything as well.  I'd definitely stay here again.  The staff was amazing.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay at the Waldorf ,"We stayed at the Waldorf in late December. Having arrived very early in the morning, I was pleasantly surprised that we were able to check in.   We were also able to upgrade to a deluxe room. I thought the rooms were very nice - I especially liked the bathroom and bathtub.  Overall, the staff was very nice and helpful. My only complaint is that because that the hotel didn't seem to be able to handle the breakfast demand for their level of occupancy (busy time of the year).  There was a really long line out the door every day. We had the option of breakfast or extra Hilton points so just decided to eat outside of the hotel to avoid the line. I'd recommend not booking a rate which includes breakfast. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor service,"For being a Waldorf, this hotel failed to meet my expectations. The lobby is small and sparsely decorated. Furthermore, turn down service was only provided one of the two nights and the doormen made a habit of  inside, not out, which meant that I routinely had to open the main door myself. If I wanted that level of service, I would have stayed at a Holiday Inn. ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Superb, attentive service and great facilities","A group of four of us (ladies) stayed here on a Saturday night. We were visiting London to go to see Dreamgirls at The Savoy located a 5 minute walk from the hotel. We also did a bit of sightseeing and the location was amazing for this - three different tube stations serving different lines all an easy walk from the hotel and the boats running on the Thames just a 7-10 min walk at Embankment stop. The stand out aspect of our stay was the staff however - they are the friendliest, most efficient and professional people, they remembered us the day after we checked in and asked how we were doing, at breakfast in the queue they gave us a complimentary to mimosa to keep us going, we ordered drinks for our rooms from the bar and it was no trouble to carry them upstairs for us despite…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Place to stay,Fabulous hotel & staff go above & beyond. Fabulous location in a luxurious setting. Rooms are well set out with all comforts you could need & comfy beds. Great range of dining/drinks on offer. Staff have old style service methods with a modern twist,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Me and my girlfriend stayed for one night and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Perfect location for going to theatres, restraunts and bars. The Hotel was immaculate. I would definitely recommed to anyone.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent executive lounge, breakfast just ok.","We stayed for 2 nights to celebrate my husbands 70th birthday, with a Lion King theatre trip, and a Pall Mall 5 star restaurant. The hotel is very traditional, we were upgraded to a family room, as we are Diamond members.Asked for early check in, to no avail though. 3,20pm. Room very clean, and spacious. Staff are mostly friendly, breakfast was a bit confusing and hectic the first day. Second morning we were recognised, and served well. Tables are very close together though. We were spoilt with champagne afternoon tea, by Xavier, Director of Operations, and a longstanding friend of ours. Totally better experience than breakfast!  2 other helpful staff members were Sarah, Guest Relations, and Jean Louis in restaurant. Both extremely good.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hotel.,Was so looking forward to staying at the Waldorf hotel as this was a special occasion as we was going to see The Nutcracker at the Royal Opera House so why not stay at the Waldorf!!The location is prefect as just a easy walk in high heels and stopping for a cocktail on the way back to the hotel. The lobby itself and the door men make you feel special but the room was not. We booked a twin deluxe room but I could have been in any Hilton hotel. It needs a up date just feels like a basic room. For breakfast we had pancakes and waffles which where lovely but the buffet looked like it had been sitting for too long  so we decided not to have the buffet. The price was resonable for London and you got plenty of waffle with fruit and maple syrup. As this was a special trip I would say do…,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in London,"The Hilton was perfect in every way.  Great location, amazing staff, great room, fair price.  The breakfast was fantastic, nice bar as well. Great gym. Walking distance from great restaurants and shopping. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, great location with friendly staff",An overnight stay in central London. Very central location. Our room was ready on arrival. Quiet room at the back of the hotel was clean and comfortable. Breakfast at 10am on a Sunday morning had a reasonable choice of food with no waiting to be seated. What really stands out in this hotel are the attentive friendly staff. Would happily return on a future occasion.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Stay at the Waldorf Hilton,"We only had the one night and the experience couldn't have been better. The room décor was elegant, the room itself a good size and the bed linen excellent. The concierge, and staff at both the reception and tea room were all very professional and pleasure to deal with. The hotel itself is close to Waterloo Bridge and the Temple underground station and reasonably close to the west-end theatre district. All in all we couldn't have been happier with our choice.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"We visited this hotel this weekend . The hotel is very close to the train station about a five minute taxi ride. The porters and main reception staff were very good ,friendly and professional. Our room wasn’t ready for our 3pm check in so we where offered free drinks by the manager which was nice, but had to pay a £19 surcharge with isn’t really a free drink!?. The decor was fantastic, large chandeliers , lovely furnishings , the bar and main breakfast/dinner hall was stunning. The rooms were modern and clean , with a mini bar for an extra charge.Unfortunately all the other staff as in bar , restaurant and housekeeping really let the hotel down , extremely limited English, the women in the bar couldn’t understand what we wanted to order !! It should be a necessary requirement to…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"This was a very comfortable stay in a well located area.  Particularly pleased we booked an executive room, for the many extras the lounge provides are not disclosed.  Very good gym too. Was sad that in the refurb whenever it was, they effectively gutted the old beauty.  To see the Palm terrace sitting there stark and used only for functions is horrid.  Obviously contemporary aesthetics won that one, but to my mind the tradition and history has been lost. Having said that good clean well presented hotel in great location, at a price!",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Afternoon Tea,"I came here with two friends to have afternoon tea. We had the offer with free flowing champagne of which did not disappoint. The food was exceptional and they catered very well for my friend with a nut allergy. Ahmed was our waiter. He was fantastic and so attentive. An asset to the hotel! Only disappointment was front of house, it took 10minutes of waiting to be seated way past our reservation time. We were left at the front door in a long line with others. This is the only only reason I deducted the review from 5 stars to 4.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay at the Waldorf Hilton ,If I could give 4.5 stars then this is what I would give this hotel. The hotel decor and location is amazing it’s right in the heart of theatre land and five minutes walk from the Covent Garden opera house. The staff are smiling and courteous. The bed as soft and comfy.   Negatives: Not sure it’s value for money at full price. The room was very small and the shower “cubicle” a bit tight for showering and even getting in and out of it you can’t fully open the door - please see the photo of the bathroom.   The reason it doesn’t make five stars for me is that when I got this hotel through lastminute the room was advertised as a “queen room”. When we checked in we were told it had a double bed. We felt utterly mislead and my partner who is too tall for a double was definitely not…,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre booking ,My mum booked for us all to stay here on the 12.01.2018. We visited reception which was very busy upon arrival . We got seen within 5 minutes which was pretty good only to be told that our rooms weren't ready even though it was the allocated time . The manager on shift gave us some vouchers for free drinks while we waited which was a nice touch . We went to get the drinks at the bar which is truely stunningly beautiful but we got told we could only got certain drinks and there would be a surcharge which I stated we wouldn't mind. The surcharge was £19 and the 12.5% service charge was added on top . So it became an expensive supposedly free drink . I then ventured back to reception again at 350 to be told the room was still not ready at this point I did state this was well over…,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, & good location ","Stayed here for 3 nights with the family in a double, double room. The room was a good size, two queen beds were comfy and bathroom was also well fitted out with a bath, two sinks and a shower. The water was piping hot and took no time to fill the bath. Rooms were clean and spacious enough for our luggage to be stored. Staff were all pleasant and check in and check out was quick. Good choice for breakfast, continental and cooked English. The cooked breakfasts were okay but could be prepared better especially bacon and sausages, when we asked for pancakes for the kids, we got a large plate of pancakes with strawberries and cream which were very tasty. These were extra but reasonably priced. All in all would definitely stay here again. Very good location for the theatre district,…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding stay,"Had my wedding at the hotel in December and stayed in a king executive suite (had 2 nights booked), which was extremely spacious and looked like it had been recently renovated. Overall a lovely stay and no complaints with the room itself, however the hotel didn’t exactly go out of their way, particularly given that it was our wedding. Rubbish was not cleared after the first day and no complimentary wedding flowers / champagne provided, which was disappointing. Although management were shocked to find this out when informed and have since apologised.   Breakfast was great with a wide selection available and check out was hassle free.   Thankfully the hotel has retained it’s old Waldorf charm and character too. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand Wedding,Excellent the moment you enter the door you are treated like a royalty  I had a great sleep and luxury breakfast  It’s wonderful to have  somerset house at the stone throw away  You can enjoy and relax and wind down with the swim sauna after a busy day in london So much to do in London  ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor check out,"Amazing concierge and door staff, very friendly staff and lively hotel in an ideal location, spoilt by messing up items for room service with additional items not ordered nor consumed during stay. Check your bill upon departure.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab London stay ,"Great location for visiting Covent Garden at Christmas. Welcoming staff. Room ok. Nice sitting in the bar late evening with some nice Christmas cocktails. Small complaint room wasn’t ready when we checked in at 1530, offered another room but without the view we wished for . ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel located in the heart of West End theatres,"We booked a suite to stay with our teenage children. Good sized room,fairly recently refurnished. The children enjoyed the 3 TVs, especially the one located on the wall at the end of the bath! They slept on a sofa bed; we had the queen sized bed in a separate part of the suite (that’s the equivalent of 2 singles in the UK - not an American queen bed). We had access to the Executive Lounge for breakfast, drinks, snacks and afternoon tea (although the adults had afternoon tea in the restaurant).  Swimming pool lovely and warm at 27-30 degrees. The whole experience was a real treat.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and an Iconic Hotel,"Great location, and still has the elegance and glamour of 1908 when the hotel was opened.  The room was big, we received a family room, and the bathroom was large too.  The Executive Lounge was great for afternoon tea and evening snacks -- great place",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing visit!,"As a Hilton Honors member I booked this hotel as a treat for my wife’s Birthday. I had never stayed at The Waldorf before, although I presumed it was high up Hilton’s chain. The room was pleasant enough with good soundproofing overlooking the Main Street. However, my wife noticed that the bed divan support and a caster were missing on her side of the bed and this made the bed and mattress crooked. I reported this to the reception, however nothing appeared to have been done to rectify. The following morning we found that the shower had no hot water and neither did the wash basin. As we were checking out shortly we were unable to have showers. I again complained to reception and was offered 20% off my account. This was raised to 40% only after I stated I would escalate the…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Anniversary Celebration, Love It!!","Love the hotel, stayed for a celebration, really good location very central for theatres, restaurants etc. I requested an early check in as we were going to the theatre, on arrival the room wasn't ready so there was a bit of an issue with that but the Guest Relations Manager very kindly sorted everything out for us & was extremely helpful, unfortunately we didn't get his name. Also the Executive Lounge manager is a valuable member of  staff.  She was friendly, very helpful & nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay!,"The Waldorf is a great place to stay while in London.  It is in an ideal location, has amazing staff, and wonderful service.  Everyone is so helpful with things in the hotel and around the city.  I highly recommend.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Faultless stay,"Stayed for one night, perfect location.  Every staff member from arriving to leaving was courteous, helpful, efficient and friendly.  A short wait for breakfast in the palm court area but worth it.  No view from room 204 but not a problem.  Ample room facilities and huge comfortable bed.  Will definitely revisit.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, lovely service","A gloriously glamorous hotel. We had Exec deluxe rooms and the service couldn't have been better. Very comfortable, with gorgeous rooms. Breakfast was good enough but looked a bit wasteful. My only criticism would be that they could be a bit more eco-conscious, without cutting back on the luxury. This is true of nearly all hotels, so not fair to give them less than five stars for it.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply amazing,"Really nice hotel, really good location, chris was outstanding, Alvaro at the executive Lounge amazing, lourdes in the night the best, Aoife was incredible, George in the restaurant 5 stars, the Guest relations team takes care of your stay like no other hotel, thanks to Natasha Veronica and Argyro. Congrats for the amazing team also to Mr Firth! All of them go above and beyond expectations.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An iconic place,"Stayed for a special occasion and upgraded to a very comfortable room with access to the Exec Lounge. Really good experience in the Lounge, great staff, afternoon tea, and drinks and canopies from 6-8.30, ideal for pre theatre and a good range of soft and alcoholic drinks. Ideal location for theatre land and Covent Garden. Breakfast was ok but nothing special, they are tight for space in the main restaurant and therefore spill out into the Palm Court but at this time of the year it was chilly and strangely lacking in real atmosphere. In the main restaurant the tables are quite close together and the food selection and quality distinctly average. Staff attention is plentiful and there is never a shortage of staff to assist. Overall a very enjoyable stay and would recommend.…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friends weekend,"We booked this through booking.com and had a lovely catch up with friends from years back.  The rooms were a tad small and the water for the shower in the morning was only luke warm.  However we were looked after by very attentive staff, the breakfast was delicious and plentiful and we languished in opulent surroundings.  It was complete value for money being a top hotel in the heart of London.  I'm sure we will return.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing as always xx,"We never stay anywhere else when we visit London, we always stay in the executive rooms so have access to the lounge, the staff are amazing from the door staff who always whisk the car away and park it for us.. to the lounge staff.  Just had an amazing time...thank you for never disappointing xxx",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but a little dated,"We stayed here for 1 night , check in was great as we arrived3 hours before check in time but was given out room key , all staff were very friendly, breakfast was nice , rooms a little on the small side but can live with that ,",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience.,"Stayed at the Waldorf with my wife and another couple in early January. What a wonderful experience it was. From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. The reception team were first class and we were booked-in, in minutes. The room was quite large by London standards, the bed extremely comfortable and the bathroom superb. The location of the hotel cannot be bettered as it is right in the heart of theatreland, with many restaurants and access to public transport close by. Would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Visit to west end,"Just finished a 4 night stay so we could take in a few shows and revisit our old haunts around Covent Garden.  It was a very good experience.  The location on the Aldwich was perfect for what we wanted, short walk to everywhere.  The room was nice, big bathroom,not so much space around the bed but its london afterall  Bar is excellent, breakfast superb, staff fantastic especially Fanni and Nicholas at breakfast",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday surprise,We booked the Waldorf as a surprise overnight stay for my daughter's 30th birthday.  I'm so glad we chose this hotel - close to where we wanted to go. Centrally located for shopping and sightseeing.  The hotel staff were lovely - very welcoming.  We would certainly stay there again.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Sep 17 overnight stay after meal and night out. Hotel is in a good location close to Covent Garden and offers good accommodation and an excellent breakfast. Service levels are excellent and staff are very helpful. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"My friends and I usually go to a festive afternoon tea on a yearly basis. This is done either before or just after Christmas.  It was the first time we tried this establishment but we will not be returning.  The room had no ambiance at all, although it was the 3rd of January there was no festive decorations to be seen and it was dreary.  The food was ok but nothing special. The service was extremely slow.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Enjoyable Stay in London,We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton London during Easter week of 2017. My husband and I are both Hilton Gold Members so we were able to take advantage of the upgrade and the Executive Lounge.   By London standards the room was spacious and we had a great view looking out over Aldwych. I was a bit concerned that the street noise would be a problem with sleeping but we had absolutely zero complaints about noise. We had a nice and spacious bathroom (it was an accessible room) and the service was great.   We really enjoyed having an Executive Lounge for our morning breakfast and for snacks and drinks. The staff was attentive and helpful and super kind to our son.   The hotel is conveniently located so that we could walk everywhere or take a short walk and jump on the Tube. We also had…,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,cold food and no hot water,"Never had a problem until this Christmas, had some cold and warm food, and no hot water in the room, and no heated towel rail, disappointing, normally excellent. Stayed in Hilton Hotels before, always excellent, no problems ever, until this Christmas,very disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Good,"Dated hotel with poor conceige staff. The fridge was dirty, stained and  not working despite requesting 4 times to no avail. Took 3 hours for bags to be taken to the room. would not stay in this hotel again ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lilly Ball Dinner Evening Event... Private Party 2017 (Adelphi Suite 2),"Lovely Ambience, Private Event all was nicely set up... Friendly waiters and waitresses...  Drinks at the door/in the main hall were limited, as we had to ask the waiters to get some more for guests who were still arriving, Orange juice for non Alcohol drinkers, Champers for the rest.   Adelphi suite...  Once we were seated our tables had wine but again only water for those who were driving and general non alcohol drinkers... i'm sure such a well know prestige hotel could have organised an alternative non alcoholic beverage???  The variety of breads were nice though we had to request more butter as the tiny pieces were not enough for everyone; not even one blob per person...   Starters we had 3 way salmon which was really nice perfectly balanced... Mains were nice; I thoroughly…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"We had a great experience from check in to check out. The location is good , the staff excellent , courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms are great, clean and comfortable. I definitely recommend it.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average,"Overall this property doesn’t live up to the 4 to 5 star rating one would expect from the Waldorf name. The property could use a facelift. The staff was great - very nice and helpful, but restaurant service and atmosphere lacked. Rooms were nice/clean but cramped.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Best Customer Service "" Concierge""","Lovely hotel, though a bit dated but it adds more character to its uniqueness. Incomparable Concierge service they really outdone themselves here. Front desk was quick to let me check in since i wa prepaid already. Rooms are standard size, some AC just were cold enough but not that it was troublesome. High recommend this hotel and would definitely be back to this place",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Districe in Aldwych,"Hotel snuggled into rich historic sites in theater district. Really central, not far form Paddington or other central venues in London. Really prime location.   The rooms were a mix of contemporary and traditional.Very quaint and enough room. The staff is always helpful and polite. Gave a lot of guidance for business travelers and was available when needed.   Overall, good experience.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Twix Break.,"Overall a very good stay,check in quick and efficient up grade to junior suite with club lounge access. Room was beautiful with every thing at hand club lounge afternoon tea was good evening drinks and canapés good choice.Breakfast first day we were told they were full so not impressed  no apology but waited for  a table and soon we were sitted following day no problem plenty of tables,hotel is so central Covent Garden ,Embankment Trafalgar Square all easy on foot,club lounge staff great .what more can I say excellent stay and a big thankyou to all staff and a Happy New Year.x",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Blanche ,"The Waldorf London is actually one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in around the world. If there was a zero button I would press it.First of all ,all the reviews are mis representations of what it’s is. We arrived at 3:30 pm and our room wasn’t ready after requesting early check in we waited another hour and a half until I returned to reception and was told oh yes it’s ready . We were then escorted to a room that looked like a box with a small window and a view of a brick wall. This was to be our new year holiday we worked all year for. We still waited 1 hr for our luggage to come up.I complained the next morning and was told we had to wait until after 12 for other people to check out. Still waiting for a reply 5 days later. The breakfast here is shocking . You have to…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, things to be improved","The hotel is very well located next to all theaters, Royal Opera House and Covent garden area.  Efficient check-in. No upgrade proposed, nor late check out proposed on the 1st January... Our room was a superior room situated on the 4th floor. Though the size was fine, a couple of details should be seriously dealt with : - you cant select the precise temperature of the room because the air-conditioning system is too old ; - no slippers in the room and when they were asked at the counter it looked like an ackward question ;  - bathrobes looked awfully overused ; - the place to hang clothes is really too small, and the iron was missing in the room ; - the toilet in the bathroom is not practical.   Meanwhile, the room was calm, except for the constant slapping of doors by other…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Favourite hotel in London,"This is such a decadent hotel and you can imagine how luxurious it was when originally built. The staff are always happy and attentive, from the door man to the cleaners. Rooms are average sized but it's the little touches that separate it from other hotels, like the size of the TV, the ability to listen to the radio in the bathroom, the choice of toiletries. The lounge has a good selection of drinks and food on offer and is always a nice break away. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden tube station and is ideally located near to restaurants and theatres.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We stayed in London for the week end to see the Christmas lights and thought we’d treat ourselves to a high class hotel. The price certainly was high class, very expensive, the room was average to say the least we’ve stayed in much nicer for less. The complimentary toiletries were half used, nothing else was complimentary Wi fi  £12 plus a day, no free internet here. The only saving grace was the breakfast it was very nice with a good choice of everything you would want. For the money you could stay somewhere better.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas break,"Excellent break in good centrally located hotel.  Hotel quite expensive for small twin room but good quality. Breakfast excellent and included in Expedia booking. Only issue was not enough tables for guests resulting in queuing most days.  Christmas card, stocking and complimentary mince pies,oranges and chocolate coins.  Staff excellent",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Multiple withdrawal of reservation fee/payable amount,"It is a nice hotel with nice facilities, and we actually liked the place and especially the location, but what totally ruins our experience is that the hotel has made 5 withdrawals of the payable amount from our accounts.This adds up to 7000 GBP!!  We paid the full amount for our 3 day stay when we left the hotel, but so far it has taken more than two weeks and approximately 15 phonecalls to try to convince them to cancel the other 4 withdrawals - NO LUCK YET!!   Furthermore we experienced problems with the hot water in the bathroom and the airconditioning was either too hot or too cold and when we told the receptionist, she didn't pay much attention to neither that or to the inconvenience it has meant for us.  We are SO disappointed in the service level and the customer care.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend ,"I had perfect weekend  with my wife at the amazing waldorf,  food is delicious and the room was clean and tidy..  The staff are nice and polite.. if you are looking for somewhere to spend your weekend in London whether its to sightsee, relax or watch a show then this is the perfect hotel you looking for.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always perfect!,"We have stayed in many of the premium hotels in London such as The R**z. The Waldorf offers great service, location and quality accomodations at a very reasonable tariff. It can’t be beaten if you are up in London for a show. Covent Gardens is right round the corner and it is next door to the Novello theatre. Can’t fault the Waldorf. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gin Tasting afternoon tea,This was an amazing experience.  The person serving us was so knowledgable about all of the gins that we chose and it was great that they all came with different accompaniments. We got to choose our Gins from an extensive menu and we went for ones that we hadnt tried before.  If i needed to be critical the only this i would say was that it had been sold as an afternoon tea and some nuts/crisp nibbles and 1 scone each certainly didnt soak up the gin!  Would definately recommend to anyone who is just getting into gin that wants a special experience,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel if you’re in London ,"Fantastic staff and excellent hotel. Really enjoyed our visit. Could not fault anything about this hotel really.Lovely rooms, everything you need in one place. Very pretty pool area. Will be returning. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed ,"Booked two rooms. One for my husband and one for family as a Christmas present.  On arrival it took a while to be acknowledged due to their being only one receptionist.  Upon entering the room it felt very stuffy with an ironing board rammed up against the wall in the corner of the room. I know London hotel rooms are small but this was the size of a match box. The view was looking onto a glass roof and other brick walls. The window didn’t open so we tried to put the aircon on which then spat black dust/soot out all over the bed. We had no notepad and pen as the other room had. There were no toiletries in either room, the furniture surfaces were very dusty, with a dirty velvet chair in the corner of the room.  I told reception about the missing items and dirt on the bed who…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This is not a Waldorf Astoria Hotel ,"This is not a Waldorf Astoria Hotel  DO NOT expect the Waldorf quality service when you choose this hotel as this is not the Waldorf Astoria chain in Hilton.  We have booked for four nights stay in this hotel for a festive city break. Prior to the check-in we have chose a room on the 7th floor facing Aldwych with a city view.   At the check-in, the staff was quick and attentive. I was given a upgrade from a Queen Deluxe Room to a King Executive Room for my Diamond membership with Hilton and access to the executive lounge. However, everything went downhill after the check-in.   The room we were upgraded to was on the 4th floor, at the back of the hotel and the furthest room from the lift with two sets of stairs to get through. When we entered the room, I was shocked how small and…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cost effective and more,"As a part of the Hilton family, you know you are going to step into a comfortable room with great service. Moreover, this particular Hilton also offers the best location in London (well, tourist-wise anyway). Perfect value for your money.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location | Kim Appotive,"This hotel is in the best location in London for seeing a theatre production and touring around the shops in Covent Garden. We stayed here and saw Jersey Boys and had a lovely time. The hotel is charming and full of character. It was fun to be near the theatre, shops, and restaurants. It is also close to Leicester Square and a bit further of a walk is Carnaby Street and Soho which are fun areas to explore. For this hotel, you can't beat the location!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not satisfied with Waldorf Service.,"not a warm welcome, nothing said over my loyality honors. requested connecting rooms 2 weeks ago n still didn't get. always long que at reception and only one agent, rest just enjoying in backoffice as what I noticed. not a Waldorf service. no way.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in the theater district,"The Waldorf Hilton London is located in a very fun and vibrant part of London with great service.  The rooms are a bit small, but that's the norm for London.  I was a short walk from the tube, River Themes, London Eye and many theaters.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The perfect place in London,"Very well located close to the theaters, restaurants, Covent Garden etc.. The staff is always pleasant and helpful  Breakfast is great even so a bit crowded. Rooms are great even the smaller rooms. Extraordinarily quiet for central London",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb,"A magnificent property, the staff are amazing and so friendly.  As a Hilton gold member I got upgraded to a top floor room with an amazing view.  The pool and spa (sauna and steam) are great, however to get to it you need to walk through the gym, which is a Fitness first, so many members of the public in there, feels a bit awkward walking through in your swimmers, gown and slippers. Oh and if you want to use a locker you need to bring your own padlock, which my suitcase padlock wouldn't fit on, so I had to leave my room key in a draw at the reception of the gym. The gym looks very good however I did not use it.  Breakfast is superb as are the drinks in good Godfreys (the hotel bar) I will, without a doubt be back.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebrations 21 December 2017,"Quality and service next to none ...superb atmosphere, immediate helpful service amongst Christmas decorations. Situated just outside of Holborn and quick walk over Waterloo bridge to Waterloo station. Restaurant service is superb.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room The Size Of A Walk-In Closet,"Beware of this Waldorf Hilton Hotel in London.   While it's location is central (Covent Garden) the rooms are tiny.   The service was acceptable and the breakfast was good the first floor room was too small, dark and dank.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good position.,Hotel seemed tired. Staff excellent at check-in and out. Breakfast had good choice but didn't replenish food quick enough. There were no plates plus staff didn't clear dirty dishes on tables even though seeing them. Staff needed basic training in breakfast service.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre Christmas treat,"As a family of 6 we were attracted by the double doubles at the Waldorf Hilton. We were able to choose our own rooms so we could be just down the corridor from each other. The staff were excellent , rooms were clean and ,despite being in the heart of London, just by Covent Garden, the rooms were quiet and beds comfortable enabling a great night’s sleep .... a rare find as historically we have only been able to find noisy hotels in the heart of London or quiet ones on the outskirts. We were pleasantly surprised by being able to check in early and check out a little late. Breakfast was very good and we also enjoyed the pool. We really enjoyed being made to feel special by the Waldorf, from the friendly team at reception to the doorman with the magic whistle to find a taxi for 6. A…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Celebration ,"I recently visited with my husband and two children (5 & 8) to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We cannot praise the hotel enough. Very warm welcome on arrival, amazing room (family suite), friendly helpful staff...I could go on! The room was very clean and large. The photos on the hotel website do not do it justice. Our children were so excited as were we! Location is unbeatable with everything you could wish for on your doorstep. We had a drink at the bar in the evening which was warm and cosy and given the time of year felt very festive. We did not eat in the restaurant as it was fully booked (our fault for not booking ahead) but the breakfast was very good. We made use of the swimming pool which again was clean and great fun. Thank you so much for our wonderful trip.…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, better rooms are much better","I held off with this review as I stayed three weeks earlier and was dissapionted with the room (size, cleanliness etc) but the just stayed this week in a king superior and was much more impressed. It’s right on the bank of the Thames, next to Covent Garden and theatre land so a great location. Despite that it’s actually pretty quite so easy to sleep undisturbed. Really liked our room, a king superior, and I’d suggest you avoid a standard double unless money is your absolute priority. We had plenty space, a huge tv and large bathroom all of which were in great condition. There is a very good gym as part of the hotel, also well worth the price of the room.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea with the girls ,Had a fabulous afternoon tea for my friend's birthday. The service was really good. Our waitress was really on point. My friend is gluten free and got a whole stand of food all to herself and they made a gluten free cake!  We weren't rushed out and the tea was really delicious and filling. We didn't need dinner!,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but not the luxury I was expecting ,"Overall a good experience, had a superior room although it was a bit on the small side ,it was  quite and comfortable and the price didn’t brake the bank, good service and a really nice bar, good location for Covent Garden and soho",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family Wedding,Had a good weekend. Hotel was good. Room was nice. We had our son's wedding at the hotel. Had lots of family and friends staying overnight. All was good. No complaints at all.Great location in the heart of London.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fawlty Towers ,"The title of this review sadly says it all. To start positive the location of the hotel is ideal, but it is downhill after that. We checked in after 5pm and went up to our room, which was dirty, a strange smell and very disappointing. The staff did accommodate and move us, which we were thankful for. So twice we had interactions with staff, but not one person mentioned that there was no running water in the rooms, so you can imagine our surprise when we found this out.   It was my husband’s special birthday and we had dinner reservations to make, so had to shower and we were told to use the gym. Not ideal at all and while there we also encountered rather rude staff on the gym and having rooms.  The hotel is in need of a total revamp, and the standard and instances put a dampener…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,We arrived to check in to our Queen Deluxe Room at 5pm on a Friday afternoon only to be told that our room wasn't ready - extremely inconvenient given that we had a function to attend at 6pm. When we were able to access the room it was very small with a very outdated bathroom. The mini bar charge for a tiny bottle of champagne (just over one glass) was £35 which is ridiculous for a hotel at this level. The heating/air conditioning was noisy and old and in the morning there was no hot water. As we had booked the room on points we ultimately felt like we had been punished for our loyalty to the brand.,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf London - Book Elsewhere,"This is an old hotel that needs money spent to make it a Waldorf or even a Hilton.  Those names on the outside fool you in to thinking it will be a wonderful stay in a very nice building.    Mid stay in London for 10 days, we changed hotels for a nicer, newer, cleaner, much less expensive place - with breakfast and wifi included.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday stay,"I booked this for my husband's birthday and we really enjoyed our stay.  The staff are really helpful and were happy to give suggestions about where to eat and visit in the area.  We were seeing a show in the West End and the hotel was in a great location for this.  The one thing I wanted to point out was that my husband and I both left items in the room and the concierge staff found them and had them sent off to us the next day, free of charge - amazing!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long wait for breakfast,"Nice big hotel room which was very comfortable.  Pleasant staff and a good location just off the Strand.  Be careful at the weekend as both the dining room and the executive lounge don’t seem to be able to cope with the volume of customers. Long wait to be seated for breakfast which is unusual.  Executive lounge was OK with a good range of drinks, the canapés were disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"Stayed for one night, with afternoon tea included.  The hotel is very luxurious. The staff all very good, the doorman was helpful with places to see and how to get there.  Although late for the afternoon tea booked due to the bad weather, we were still accommodated and the tea was lovely, too much to eat in one go so a special box was provided to take up to our room for later.  The room was very comfortable, although a little noisy overnight due to a motor/boiler running outside the window.  Bathroom very good with a bath and shower and luxury toiletries.  Breakfast very good.  Ideal location for west end shows, covent garden and easy access to the tube for further locations to visit.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very grand,"Visited London for a weekend of sites and shopping. Hotel was beautiful in the public areas. Very grand and ornate. Staff were very friendly and helpful.  Room was nice. Typical London sized but well equipped apart from 2 little details. The shower was very very claustrophobic and the pillows were awful.  Apart from that, a lovely stay. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stuff made all the difference,"We stayed only one night during our visit to London.  The room was incredibly spacious, comfortable bed - even the fold out sofa was really comfortable, plenty of toiletries (which we three females greatly appreciated). The hotel is in an excellent location - close to all the theaters if you're coming to see a show, and the area has so many lovely restaurants and nice shopping in the nearby Covent Garden.  Breakfast was great with very pleasant staff.  The staff at the hotel was really exceptional - especially the team working in the lounge - the lounge is definitely worth the extra cost.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for London sight seeing.,"We had a standard room which was very comfortable albeit small, with plenty of storage space and robes and slippers included. Breakfast was very good, plentiful and fresh. If I had one criticism it would be the coffee in the room which was not to my liking but that us personnel choice. We were given a ti e to arrive for breakfast but still needed to queue for a table which wasn't so good but all in all a great stay.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We stayed in a King Junior suite for four nights in September and the whole visit was disappointing. The room and bathroom was nice but was positioned up in the attic area with small windows. Wardrobe space was very limited. On checking in to the room there were a number of reasons to call back to the front desk. There were part consumed drinks and food in the mini bar fridge, which had obvioulsy not been checked and restocked, the sitting room coffee table had food remnants on it and more food found in a drawer, so the room had clearly not been cleaned to the high standard you would expect of both hotel and room category. The shaver socket in the bathroom was loose and unusable and the safe was broken, both of which required a technician to attend and fix. The executive lounge…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stylish and good quality with a central location,"Well placed for central London attractions.  Stylish Art Deco inspired room (if small) with good quality fittings/furnishings. Excellent and efficiently maintained breakfast buffet (orange juice could be improved).  Staff were friendly, cheerful and very helpful. but not overly excessive.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,More than satisfactory ,"We stayed for three nights and I have to say that we have no complaints whatsoever.  Fantastically located for London's sights, eateries and theatres, we made the most of being typical tourists!  The room was very comfortable and we slept very well indeed.  The restaurant was quite delightful and the food was priced at what I would consider ""highish end, but very good value for money "".  We had access to the pleasant executive lounge, but unfortunately the pool was not available due to building work.  The staff were all courteous and well trained, putting Hilton staff in other central London hotels we've visited to shame. We would certainly be happy to return.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable afternoon,"This was our second visit to the Waldorf for an afternoon tea dance. The service was so much better on this occasion. The information on the table informed  diners that although dancing started at 2pm, afternoon tea would start to be served from 3pm, so we knew what to expect. There were adequate portions of sandwiches, fruit scones and cakes- plus boxes were provided to take away all that we couldn't finish - most of the cakes to be honest.  But they were still delicious the next day at home. The orchestra were good and we enjoyed the dancing too. The dance floor did get a little crowded at times but still very good. It is a little pricey but a special occasion its worth it. The staff were friendly and very helpful, ready to refill the tea pots on regular occasions.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fraudulent and charged my credit card twice without authorisation,"I am a Hilton diamond member and use Hilton as the preferred hotel for all travel. The Waldorf Hilton London is probably the most un-professional out of the entire Hilton group. Infact the service I have received is making me think about changing all our future hotel requirements to another group of hotels.  Rooms are starting to show there age and the bathroom smelt, no daily bottled water service either of which I put up with. Upon check out I signed the paperwork and I was told that they would automatically debit my card from the preauthorisation which is the usual process.  Upon reaching home I found out that I had been debited my account twice for may stay, it was also two significant amounts that were in the thousands of dollars. I rang the hotel and spoke to the check in…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice old fashioned,"Nice hotel in a perfect location. Value for money is not the case though for London and this location the price is okay Breakfast room is too busy on week-days, so its neccesary to come not later than 8:00 not to get into a line. Looks old-fashioned in all meanings, so some renovation would do good.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,“We will put it right”!,"On 5 Dec we received a courtesy call to check all was well? We pointed out the lack of hot water but said we were not surprised , as it had been mentioned on Trip Advisor. However, the lady on the phone said that problem had already been resolved, so it must be just our room. As we had managed with lukewarm baths, we asked it be dealt with on the  following day (6th) and were assured it would be. You can imagine how disappointed we were to have to use the kettle to heat the bath water on the evening of the 6th, as it was obvious nothing had been done. We complained at chceck out on 7th and pointed out that there was a card in the room encouraging customers to highlight anything wrong so the hotel can put things right. Nothing was done and no compensation offered for a room…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas shopping,"The best point about this hotel is the central location, the staff were very polite and friendly. On the downside after a long days shopping , a nice hot bath would be good, but the water was just hand hot!!! We mentioned this to a member of staff who rang our room to see if everything was ok, we told her about the lack of hot water. Nothing happened, so the next night we boiled some hot water in the kettle and had a bath, not ideal!",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas Lights Covent Garden,"We made our annual Christmas trip to Hilton Waldorf in Aldwych, from the South Coast, something we really look forward to doing each year. We were delighted with the hotel, the staff, the room (Superior Queen), dinner, breakfast and afternoon tea. Everything was as it was last year.  We felt safe travelling around the local area and particularly loved the Christmas lights at Covent Garden. We met friends who live in London and they had not been to this area for a while so it was great for them to enjoy it with us. Can't wait to return next year!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London hotel not its best,Day 1 toilet leaked all night had to use one in reception.  Day 2 Room did not get made even though the room to make light was lit.  Day 3 Room card keys not working although we were checked in for 4 conservative nights. Oh Day 4 OK  ,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea ,"Had afternoon tea with a friend and it was a lovely experience. Staff were friendly and efficient,  atmosphere was good and food was excellent. We had the free flowing champagne package and they were as good as their word with as much as we could drink during tea. This made the tea very good value. The staff were very attentive and made sure we also had additional tea and coffee. All in all a very pleasant Christmas treat. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just terrible,This is my first terrible review in over 50 reviews! But is is beyond comprehension. We had a major issue with our executive room 435. Upon arrival we had no hot water.  There was apparently an issue with the boiler or so they said. Being understandable we waited patiently for a technician without being able to shower on day 1. A technician came and closed off our water the next morning to work on the matter. We were not able to even brush our teeth. When we complained they said we could use a bottle of water from the minibar to brush our teeth. So we did. Never ever in all my travels have I been in a hotel room with no hot water! Certainly not an executive room with a rate of almost 400€ a night!!! After the technician repaired the issue we had hot water in one fosset and warm…,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea ,"My mum booked this for my birthday on Sunday 3rd December, attended with 5 people.  Got seated and a waitress came over and took our tea order. The tea came along with the food, however for the price of 39.50 I thought we would have been offered a re-fill on our teas or someone to come over and do a check back but the only service we had was when we were seated and the food delivered to the table! My mum also spoke with someone on the phone prior to arrival to be told there would be a pianist playing music and entertainment, instead we were sat in a hall full of people chatting with the echo of the music playing two halls down for the ballroom dance.  Then too add 12% on to the service charge when we haven't had a check back or refills on our tea is unbelievable.   I definitely…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They do not need to make it right with perhaps the exception of the breakfast.,"We have stayed here a few times and always love the greeting , staff and rooms . My only gripe and luckily one that could easily be fixed is the breakfast service . Last time we were here , having confirmed our request for tea , we had almost finished our breakfast before it arrived . Sadly the same thing happened today and the room was far from busy. We then had to ask for a spoon which cost us another five minutes . Perhaps more annoying is having finished our breakfast , our table was full of used plates so making room for the tea was a struggle . I can only guess that table clearance was not this persons job as he left us with all the plates. My only other observation is my wife always asks for a small omelette as she does not like wasting food . Her omelette came the same…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Will not recommend this time,Check in took 25 minutes. Room not ready at 2:00pm and was told a text would be sent when ready. Pubic hair on the toilet seat in the room. No hand soap or shampoo in the room toilets. Had to go back to reception to get it. bags were not delivered to the room as told by the concierge. The staff are helpful and I had no problems with them when I raised the issues. Breakfast queue took 30 minutes (Saturday morning) which was poor. Breakfast was good quality however service was average as coffee and tea took 5 minutes. They should make the Waldorf more special as it's not difficult to enhance the experience. I think they should turn down the beds and make the rooms more cozy after being out in Covent Garden which is a stones throw away. Rooms are ok apart from the showers being…,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Xmas weekend festive break,Fantastic Great location near theatres and Holborn or Covent Garden tube stations  Beautifully decorated Exceptional service Professional efficient friendly Delicious breakfast buffet or menu Lovely room Comfy beds 😍 ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grandeur in the heart of London,"Our first visit to this hotel and not the last one. It has the look and feel of the grand hotels from the past century, but with all the features of 2017.  We enjoyed our stay so much, only small remark; to get hot water in the sink and shower was a problem for the duration of out stay and even though we mentioned it every day at the reception no inprovement was noticed or at least a feed back what the problem was.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Five star,Stayed at the Waldorf on a night out in London (even though we live in London). Amazing hotel. Great location in the heart of London. Very close to Charing Cross and Leicester Square stations. Handy for the theatre and bar/club scene.  Rooms were of a high standard. Very clean and nice decor.  Check in and out was a simple and quick process. Service in all areas was impeccable as expected from a hotel with such history. Would recommend. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Change for the better,Having experienced falling standards at our regular hotel in The Strand. We decided to give the Waldorf a try and discovered it is a wonderful change. With the politest and most helpful staff. We certainly will return.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with customer service ,We stayed as a family in an executive room.  The room was comfortable and spacious with a sofa bed in the lounge area for the kids. We were advised the sofa bed would be made up while we were out in the evening. When we got back the sofa bed wasn’t made up so we had to call reception. It took another call and 15 minute wait for someone to come up to do the bed. The kids then wanted hot chocolates but we found the kettle was missing. Called reception to send a kettle up. After 15 minutes they called us back to tell us where we would find the kettle. I could see where the kettle should be and there wasn’t one there. Took 2 cups to reception for hot water and to complain there most definitely wasn’t a kettle in the room. Eventually got 2 hot chocolates and a kettle. All this took…,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,small room and no hot water,"Mid week stay so the hotel was not busy. Room was very small (508) and faced into the courtyard so no view. Small bed, No hot water available for either a bath or a shower. A pretty rubbish experience overall and no offer of compensation made on check out. Plenty of far better hotels available at these room rates.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unexpectedly terrible service ,"Visited today as part of a group booking for afternoon tea. The booking was set for 3pm and tea was brought over 10 minutes later, yet we waited 55 minutes for our sandwiches and cakes. By this time we had drunk most of the tea and the rest was cold. The sandwiches were hard and dried out where they had obviously been left during the 55 minute wait. When we left one hour and 15 minutes later, some people in our group still had not been served.  Lovely environment, pretty Christmas decorations but the terrible slow service let it down. ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"We arrived by coach at 2.30pm found the booking in process to be quite disorganised we were eventually told to come back at 3.00pm to see if our room was ready but we were also told that we at to go into the restaurant for afternoon tea at 3.00pm. We had nowhere to freshen up so we just had to go into the restaurant, the afternoon tea was lovely but we felt uncomfortable as we would have liked to have changed our clothes before having the afternoon tea. We got our room keys around 4.30pm.  The bedroom was adequate for the one night stay. Although we had to queue for breakfast the following morning for a table the wait wasn't too long, there's was ample food to choose from and dietary requirements were catered for. Would I stay here again  not sure would need to give it some…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay with upgrade,"Lovely elegant hotel, felt the history of the hotel. Great location and an enjoyable stay. We had the executive lounge upgrade. Food was lovely and choice of drinks was fantastic. We did have a sofa bed in the room which was a bit of a squeeze.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disgrace to Waldorf brand,"This hotel is a disgrace to the Waldorf brand. There’s nothing in this hotel that resembles the wonderful Waldorf brand that one can find elsewhere in the world. Other than its location, which is pretty central, nothing justifies its hefty price. Things get worsened by the arrogant staff, rude housekeeping and not being able to see anyone with a smile other than the security guys at the entrance. As a gold member, I’m quite ashamed of this place.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No hot water at 5.30 am in the morning,No hot water at 5.30 am in the morning.  Good bed. Quiet hotel. Stayed before but really let down by no hot water in the morning and laissez-faire attitude of staff upon reporting it. No compensation offered. I must have only spent 7 hours actually in the room. If they can't get the basics right then I don't give a toss if I have a choice of six different pillows.,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mouth watering afternoon tea!,"Stayed here for one night with a friend. All staff were friendly and helpful. Check in was fast and hassle free, plus our room was ready early. Our twin room on the seventh floor was a good size with good views. One of the ceiling lights didn't work, and something that annoys me in many hotels, there was no blow dry nozzle with the hair dryer provided. House keeping could have been better. Seams on lamp shades facing into the room and unclean chrome tissue dispenser in bathroom. Public areas within the hotel were lovely, just a shame the room was a little wanting. We had afternoon tea, which was delicious. Service was very good, in beautiful surroundings. I expected more from this hotel. Would I stay here again? Probably not.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, amazing staff","I stayed for 5 nights (room 415) and could not have been happier with my choice of hotels.  The hotel is graciously old, updated with flat screens, plenty of outlets and large bathroom fitted with spa-like bath products. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the room quiet.  I heard neither street noise nor anyone in the hallway or adjoining rooms.  As I was in an executive room, breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes were included.  It was quite crowded in the evening (free drinks!) but the atmosphere was convivial - it was fun!  The location could not have been better.  A bus stop for the 9, 11, 15 and a handful more is literally right outside the door (eastbound) and across the street (westbound). The Covent Garden theater district also begins at the end of…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing breakfast experience ,"A good hotel sells itself on its name and reputation. Unfortunately the Waldorf failed on this occasion. The room on the 8th floor was spacious and very clean. Bathroom was of a high standard and well presented and regularly replenished with shampoo and shower gel. Staff are very friendly and welcoming.  Despite visiting Good Godfrey’s on two nights there was a lack of any available seating. The foyer was also full, not sure if they were patrons as they sat in coats with baggage. We therefore returned to our room. A private residents lounge is an essential to any hotel particularly a hotel of this heritage.  The negative aspect has to be the stand in line for 15 to 20 minutes for breakfast every morning. Weekend was the worst. A hotel of this reputation should be ashamed and…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,stay well clear,"The hotel is over rated you can find better hotels in London for far less price, the bar prices are grossly over priced ie. 2 cocktails 1 white wine £60 + don't forget the 12% service charge on all services",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel!,"We stayed here for one night - great bar, great amenities! Our room was gorgeous, as was the bathroom! Heated towels and all! We were on a layover on our way home from ten days in Italy...this was a great spot to stay, sight see and relax before our long day of travel!  Would definitely recommend! Wish we could’ve stayed longer...",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great stay,"A small hotel with elegant and comfortable rooms bar is cozy and the breakfast is excellent - great location for the theatre and Leicester Square and Covent Garden, highly recommend.  Staff super friendly.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea at our local garden centre much better.,Afternoon tea was very disappointing.  To start with told no table even though one booked. When it was made available waited 30 minutes for service.  Asked which tea required but told the supervisor we had not been offered a choice. They just stood there.   Made no attempt to get a tea menu for us.   The aircon in the room did not work but as we didn’t realise until in the early hours too late to do anything about it.  Didn’t sleep well due to being too hot.  The waste from the bath took forever to discharge the bath water.  Sadly hotels can still provide a faulty product and still get paid or not offer a refund while manufacturers these days can not get away with it.  ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little bit of old fashioned luxury but customer service overall mixed..,"We have just returned from 1 night at the Waldorf in London. We really enjoyed the stay but it wasn't perfect. Plus points - hotel exactly as we imagined, great building, service as we arrived was top class and quick and effective check in (room ready ahead of deadline which was a massive positive.) bar very nice, get what you pay for in London and we could have been in the roaring 20's, very relaxed and historic feel to it. Breakfast and room service very good so all those experiences 5 star. What wasn't good - i booked non refundable via booking.com, some weeks ago and was then informed very recently the pool and gym closed. We had booked as the hotel had a pool and this was very disappointing. What was worse, I contacted the Hilton head office to say felt like this was not…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Improvised reception venue,"We went for the jazz and the music was simply beautiful, but the tables were exactly in the reception waiting room/hallway improvised with a few tables. It was cold inside and had to stay with our jackets on. This is a separate venue from the actual bar and it came across just like another idea to maximisr the space and make an extra buck ($). The food is expensive. Overall even if the music was superb, the conditions for the overall night werent good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A classical venue,Had attended friend's daughter wedding reception.It proved to be a really great evening.The classical decor of the Reception Hall and Dining Hall reflected opulent and artistic environment.Proved to be an enjoyable event.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A perfekt weekend,"We stayed for a long weekend, a family with 2 adults and 2 children. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, when for the most part. Very nice staff where most people make you feel special. A gentleman working in the bar, if I remember it correctly? Hes namn was Fransois, he was amazingly talented and professional, he took me on the Gin trip as very informative and enjoyable. very knowledgeable.  Try the Gin Journey",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and executive lounge,"Lovely old hotel situated on the Strand. Nice friendly check in. Room clean and modern with comfy bed, nice linens and towels. Bath really narrow and water not hot enough. Housekeeper took ages to take a z-bed away which we had not asked for. Lounge for diamond members very comfortable, with snacks and afternoon tea good quality. Unlimited drinks, wine and prisecco from 18.00-20.30. Overall had a lovely stay, and would definitely return. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Girls Day Out,"After visiting the Theatre we had booked to have a meal at the Waldorf Hotel which was just across the road from the Theatre, and what a lovely place. The staff were very attentive, and the food was excellent. I would definitely visit the restaurant again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"A bit of luxury in the heart of west end.   Restuarants,bars, theatres,Covent Garden, all within 10 mins stroll away. The hotel definitely has a tired look ,but still oozes class. Breakfast could be managed better, just don't go down in peak time , or you'll be queuing. If you like a more modern luxury break,then don't stay here . The Waldorf has a great history and that's how they sell it. Try and negotiate an upgrade to a room with the executive lounge attached, I would do that if I stayed here again . Still a great stay though, .",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Incompetent Staff,"Location great, room expensive but ok, but the service is shocking.  Ordered a simple snack in bar, no appearance after 40 min, it arrived after a gentle reminder ten minutes later.  OK everyone makes a mistake.  Ten in evening order a simple burger from Room  Service.  Ordered repeated back to me. Be ready in 30 minutes, All good and normal so far. At 11 and no burger I phone room service, let me check says staff member.  What did your order? I repeat order and he says be with you in ten minutes. 10 minutes later a call from room service - we can't do a burger they say as chef has gone.  Can do a Pizza, a Curry, some Pastas but not a Burger!!!    An incompetent shambles and to be avoided!!",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A present from friends,"Exceptional check in,upgraded to a lovely executive room for a small amount of pennies.lovely bathroom with a tv at the end of the bath,double vanity unit loads of towels,very spacious and warm. Good size room plus all the usual extras i.e. Safe,mini fridge,bath robe,tea|coffee making facilities etc etc. Cosy bar with attentive staff,drinks and cocktails to match. Fantastically situated to Covent Garden,theatres,restaurants,bars and attractions alike. Only food we had was breakfast, Adequate but not excellent,also where we sat was so close to bread and toast section you felt so tight in your seat. All in all not bad.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel only one thing I’d change,"First time staying here, had a Junior Suite with exec lounge access, staff were very welcoming, the room (116) was nicely decorated and had plenty of space, snacks and drinks in exec lounge were very good ideal for a pre theatre nibble, the only thing that I would change was in the exec lounge some of the tables are too tall for the seats or you could say some of the seats are to low for the tables, either way it made for an uncomfortable experience during breakfast. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent Hotel,"Ideally situated for theatre visits, this hotel provides comfort and good service at a reasonable price. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms luxurious and the general hotel ambiance very good.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Magical Waldorf,"This really is one of the best hotels to stay at in London. The location is fantastic if you're seeing a theatre show. The staff were all helpful, informed and friendly. They couldn't do enough for you. Rooms are a generous size, classical decor and very clean. I would stay here again, and I highly recommend this place. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Fantastic Stay,We stayed at the Hilton for 1 night on the 18/11/2017 and once again we were well looked after from start to finish. Great food and a beautiful relaxing room. I am a great believer in first impressions count and would like to thank the following members of staff for making our stay that more memorable these are Kate at reception and the doorman who has been there for over 12 years as they made us feel important and special from the start to the end. When ever we come to London we will always stay at the Hilton Waldof as it’s central to Covent Garden and theatre land. The Hilton London Waldorf is a credit to the Hilton family and that’s down to all the staff as they make you feel important and loved and nothing is to much hassle. Thank you once again the Waldorf Hilton. Hope to…,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dinner ,"Was super excited to be going for a meal here as had been past it so many times over the years. Had a drink in the lobby area before being seated which was nice.  I was a little disappointed as I think little charm has been left in the dining room and I wasn't keen on being seated the other side of the middle kitchen/ bar washing up area, but hey we went for the dinner so...  the choice of starters wasn't so keen on the options. But I chose the tomato salad was ok.  The main I had the chicken and my partner had the steak. The steak was lovely but the presentation was a bit bland for the grandness of where we were supposed to be eating. The chicken I had was tasty. Was very disappointed with the cheese board had more crackers than cheese and the smallest slivers i have ever seen.…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,We stayed at this hotel 20 years ago for our first anniversary and decided to stay her again for our 20th. We was excited as we always remembered the comfortable room with amazing bedding and a delicious breakfast in the main room. We don’t normally return to places in fear it won’t be as good and will spoil our first visit. So was we disappointed.... yes very much so I’m afraid.  Booking in was uneventful and uninformative and we had to ask for information and asked if we could book breakfast. The room was nice even though it was small but we expected that. Not very good quality of towels and bedding and the dressing gowns hard and obviously been around a bit. It was clean though. Had a goodnight sleep even though the walls were thin. So in the morning went down for breakfast…,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Living off the name,"On so many ways this hotel was ""OK"". from the delay at check in to the queue for breakfast things were just a little bit disappointing.  we had afternoon tea booked after check in. The spread was nice but it just seemed that the waiters didn't understand the minor changes we asked for (no mustard on ham sandwiches). The food looked way better than it tasted.  the room we had was ""OK"". You can't always expect a stunning view of the city skyline but we had a view at the back.   Breakfast was ""OK"" after a 10 minute queue to be seated. We had a late night out so had a late breakfast. At spot on 10am we started to get hustled out as breakfast was over and they had to clear up.  for the money it was just kind of MEH!",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The customer service in this lovely hotel is UNREAL.,"I cannot be more pleased with our two night stay at the Hilton Waldorf Hotel. Even without being able to access all the amenities it had to offer (because of the gym and pool refurbishment closure), the day was saved by the outstanding customer service, consistent throughout, from your staff and management. Every single person we have come in contact with is an asset to the company and made us feel welcomed from the very moment we checked in, to the perfectly timed (red velvet cake) birthday surprise delivered by the lovely Veronica (who I cannot be more grateful to), to the ever so helpful Concierge team on the departure day.  The meals and cocktails were exquisite, the spacious room we got upgraded to was impeccable, and it is safe to say that if the occasion arises I will…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat ,What a beautiful hotel. From stepping out of our taxi we were assisted by the front door staff who immediately took our luggage and assisted us to the reception area. We arrived earlier than our check in (2 hours early) and were still allowed to enter our room which was much needed before our trip to the theatre. All of the staff were amazing and very friendly and welcoming.   Our room was beautiful. Lovely and big with an absolutely stunning bathroom. The bath and separate shower was a bonus. I really loved the in shower speaker too so I could listen to music whilst getting ready. The beds were so comfortable and the room was lovely and dark particularly in the morning.   Breakfast was also a great experience. The room the breakfast took place in was stunning. Wide variety of…,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old school values always win,"My second stay at this beautiful hotel. I decided to go for upgrade and was delivered room 540. This was one of the most ridiculously opulent rooms I have stayed in in town! Lovely bedroom with turndown, lounge access, a sitting room, dressing area and good bath (with TV), separate shower and guest loo. The service as you'd expect is second to none and position (central to theatre district and covent garden) is tip top. Our waiter service at breakfast was just ok but to be fair there was a big conference on so I assume the 'a' team was there, I can live with this as overall the Waldorf is an experience you need to have; I'll never stop loving it even given recent trips to Trianon Versailles and Amstel Amsterdam. Remember though 540 should be on the wish list! ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre night,"Y wife had booked tickets for the Lion King, at the Lyceum theatre, fantastic show!  Using points from previous hotel stays I decided to splash out and booked a room for one night at this lovely hotel.  As in most of the revues the staff were brilliant, check in was smooth and seamless (but did leave to further outlay for breakfast).  The room was great, the beds super comfortable, it was very quiet, no traffic noise, perfectly placed to explore around Covent Gardens, Leicester Square and Chinatown.  Breakfast was very enjoyable and set us up perfectly for a day walking the area, visiting the National Gallery, watching the crowds leaving after Remembrance Sunday at the Cenotaph and walking the Mall back to Victoria for a good roast lunch before my wife departed back to the…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotel experiences I've had!,"I recently stayed for two nights with my daughter to celebrate her birthday. This hotel, and certain staff in particular (Veronica V.) went way above and beyond what was expected.  First of all, the hotel participates in the digital key program. I detected my guest room with the Hilton honors app. I walked past a line of seven people at the check in counter, and walked right to my room. I unlocked the door using my own cell phone. Once inside, we found a stuffed teddy bear, happy birthday balloon, a piece of cake and a bottle of wine. There were two nice hand written notes. We were extremely impressed.  The room was clean and had all the necessary items - fast free Wi-Fi, plenty of outlets, nice toiletries, comfortable bed, adjustable A/C, etc.  Customer service in the executive…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mr Mattjews,"Possibly one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at out of the Hilton Group. The Waldorf had the finest name years ago what has happened to this establishment, over priced, food awfull, totally disapointed.!",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always excellent,"We stayed recently; afternoon tea (advise to book well in advance), theatre, late drinks and bed!   A real treat.  The Waldorf is always attentive, conveniently located for Covent Garden and the West End, the refurbished rooms are great and the service excellent. What more can one say?",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location - shame about the bed!,"We chose the Waldorf as a treat for a birthday celebration. It's in an ideal location and less than a five minute walk to many theatres. Lovely feel to the hotel especially with the doorman on entering the hotel. Reception staff were polite and efficient. We were allocated room 132 on the first floor which was clean and  nicely decorated. However the room was dark due to a brick wall being the only view from the window, with the lights  needed on in the daytime. The room had all facilities you would expect, iron, ironing board, hairdryer, tea making facilities, television etc. The only problem we had was with the bed which unfortunately did not match up to the standard expected from a luxury hotel. Basically the bed was hard and not comfortable at all and we did not have a good…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best place to host an event,I hosted a wedding exhibition here and the hospitality was flawless. The venue catered to all of our needs and everyone enjoyed them selves. I stayed in one of the executive rooms and they were a great stay. The high tea was great and there was a great selection available. Definitely recommended to people to stay in and business to hist events. Can't wait to book in the next one. ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I really like this hotel, I will come back soon again. I went there with my husband and our 2 small kids. It was great. A little stressfull breakfast. But the hotel facillities was good!  There is a swimming pool there and it’s actually a good temprature! ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our favorite Hotel in London,"As a diamond member of the Hhonors program we get access to the executive lounge, which is one of the reasons we like this hotel so much.  It is also walking distance from many of the theatres we like to attend and the museums we want to visit.  We have stayed there on at least four occasions on our more or less annual visit to London, and we have always been upgraded to an ""executive room.""  They are slightly larger, better equipped,  and more convenient than the standard rooms.  The staff is very helpful - on this visit the room we were originally assigned was still being serviced when the bell boy took us there.  He promptly went down to the front desk, but by the time he got back the room had been cleaned.  However, the room was a long walk from the elevators, so we said we…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb Service ,"Paid another visit to this quaint restaurant, unfortunately, the bar was unusually packed, guests were very noisy. Given their celebration, can't complain. Staff were rushed off their feet which made the wait seem much longer. Despite that, still had a great meal, superb drinks, all is forgiven! 😊",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel and Location with a few niggles at reception,"As a very regular user of Hilton hotels, i decided to use me Honors points to treat the family to a half term trip to London  The Waldorf is an ideal location for both Theatreland and Covent Garden being within a short walk of both  The hotel itself is very impressive. The rooms are well equipped and spotless. There is also an excellent Executive Lounge with friendly staff who go out of their way to make you feel welcome  The only niggle was at reception both in terms of poor organisation and lack of recognition for a Diamond member  - Despite emailing in advance to ask for an early check in, no record of my request was on file - The receptionist promised to fast track the room and text me when it was available. This did not happen - When the room was finally available the room…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Better Options,"The hotel needs substantial renovation dollars. The inside looks tired and needs care. Paint was chipping on the ceilings, simple things like a waste bin in the bathroom were missing, for the price there are far better options in London. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location & good service,Nice hotel in good location and staff are very good. Room was good. The premium for a room with access to the Executive Lounge was high and in my opinion not worth it given the quality of food and drink being served.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,STANDARD ROOM WAS A POOR STANDARD,Very disappointed with our standard room.It was very small. It only had 1 bedside table as there was no room for a second one.The light on the desk did not work.The en suite shower was the smallest i have ever experienced. A premium price was charged for a very poor room. A classic hotel demoted to a poor Hilton standard.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay at the Waldorf London,"Perfect stay - the location is unbeatable, our room was clean and large, the executive lounge was wonderful, the buzz of the common areas, hotel bar & tea room was lovely and energized,  & the staff was so attentive and kind.  Hospitality at its best - this will be our hotel for all future london stays. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London short break,"2 day break in lovely spacious Exec rooms. Temple spa toiletries. Helpful staff. Executive lounge was good - nice wines 6-8. Afternoon tea & a quiet breakfast. Would strongly recommend.  Breakfast in main dining room was disappointing. Too busy, extra charge for omelettes from the egg chef.  5 mins walk to Covent Garden.  Bed very comfy. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Waldorf, a Great Hotel",Always good service and a pleasurable stay at the Waldorf hotel. The staff are very supportive and helpful. The hotel is very close to theatres which makes combining business in the centre of London with pleasure activities simple.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,"Our friends and I recently stayed at this hotel due to its ideal location to both the theatre, which we attended on Friday evening and Covent Garden that we visited on the Sunday.  We could not fault the hotels location.  However, for such a prestigious hotel we did expect more of a higher standard.  Our hotel room was small but clean, our shower head did not work and did not produce enough hot water to have a proper shower and we had to revert to holding the hand held shower head as this produced hotter water - we had no turn down service which is unusual in the bigger hotels. It’s not the end of the world but just noticeable.  We decided to return to the hotel for a night cap after the theatre - but we were unable to find a seat in the bar area and the hotel were unable to…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Dinner at the Homage,"My wife and I decided to have dinner at the Homage restaurant.  We were expecting good vegetarian choices, or at least a competent chef who could prepared something if requested.  Totally disappointed, as he could only do a grilled vegetable sandwich. Not sure where he/she trained to be a chef.  The soft drinks were very expensive, £4 each for a 250ml bottle.  We spoke to the staff, who said the restaurant and hotel in general had seen better days, and needed renovation.  They also confirmed that many guests had complained about the price of the soft drinks.  In summary - a very overrated restaurant, trading on it's name and long past glory.  There is much better than this in Central London",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An ok stay ,"The other half and I booked this on Lastminute.com as a secret hotel. We stay in London a lot yet never stayed in this area before. Customer service at the front desk was great, room service less helpful (but we were calling at 02:00). The room wasn’t perfectly clean when we walked in. Previous guests food was still in the fridge and there was paper shoved into a light fitting in the shower. If this is meant to be a 5 star hotel, we weren’t seeing it. I don’t enjoy leaving bad reviews, but we wouldn’t rush back. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic weekend and stay,"Went to the hotel for my 40th birthday celebration. Hotel in clean and good condition. Breakfast fantastic. Bar great and good selection. Prices reasonable, but the best thing about the hotel is the location. Central to all sight seeing and local bars and restaurants. Staff extremely accommodating ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldorf Hilton, London, England.","The best West End premium hotel in London, England. it cant be beaten on location, price or staff. The concierge staff is among the best in the world, and has been able to acquire whatever tickets or restaurants that are desired. it is a must stay for me when in London.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"This is an excellent hotel.  The location is excellent, near to Covent Garden and the theater district.  Three blocks from Embankment Tube Station.  We stayed here twice on our trip - once at the beginning and then at the end.  The Executive Club room is a great feature - we had breakfast there every day and really enjoyed the atmosphere.  We will definitely stay here again when travelling to London.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tea for Two ,"If any hotelier wants to experience gold standard Afternoon tea, go the the Balmoral in Edinburgh, exquisite, from the environment, the service, the food and that thing that’s hard to do naturally .... make it memorable.  My partner wanted to replicate this and booked the afternoon tea at the Waldorf ... the email confirmation states a la Carte afternoon tea!  Anyhow we arrived 10 mins early and were send away, no suggestion to go to the bar and relax. We came back After the allocated time, and told to wait whilst a ‘good’ table was prepared.... no offer to take out costs, as other guests were asked! Wonder what was objectionable to our coats?  Our special table was under the air conditioning..... we then waited a further 20 mins until someone finally came and took our order...…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Quality Luxury Hotel that is convenient for Theatre Land and many Central Attractions.,"A well-presented high-end hotel that has quiet, well-appointed, spacious clean rooms at a realistic price for central London.  The hotel staff are very professional, well presented and very helpful. Our room (729) was very quiet, very clean, plenty of towels, there were tea/coffee making facilities. The buffet breakfast was very good, there was an excellent choice for the majority of tastes. We will certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","Stayed for an award ceremony, nothing was too much trouble, I would recommend for Central location, comfort of rooms also spa facilities. Not quite the Mandarin but well worth a stay, very central for all London has to offer.  Very good quirky restaurants a short walk away.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic, centrally located, grand hotel has it all!","Everything about this hotel from its gracious staff, to its breathtaking ballroom, to its intimate bar/restaurant to its perfectly outfitted rooms is just perfect!  From now on, this is where we'll stay when we're in London. We peaked into the pool/spa area and, while we didn't get a chance to use it this time, we'll be ready for our next visit.  The Executive Lounge was head and shoulders above most!  Great service in an terrific setting; steps away from Covenant Garden and so much more. True luxury without the sticker shock!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely experience - the suite was worth every penny,"As an early birthday celebration and lovely dinner plans I decided to book a suite at the waldorf for three of us, and what an excellent decision that was.  We arrived 30 mins before our room was ready so were dispatched up to the exec lounge for a cup of tea, which then turned into a lovely afternoon tea whilst our room was being prepared.  Kate the lady in the lounge was fantastic very attentive and couldn't do enough for you which just added to a lovely environment.  Our room was ready for the three of us with the sofa bed out and three robes extra towels and the ice bucket and flutes we had requested. My favourite discovery was the wine fridge (as well as a mini bar) my goodness all hotel rooms should have one. Having an additional toilet as well as the bathroom was great…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best experience ever,"The staff here go above and beyond to help you and make sure everything is exactly how you want it to be. The restaurant staff particularly are fantastic! We were late for dinner after the theatre- nothing was too much trouble/ we had the most wonderful meal, were not hurried and were treated so well by friendly and professional staff- thank you, you made our meal very special.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The hotel great spot near everything !!! Was over charged so check your bill,Breakfast get down early.....not a hotel for kids really but does have a lovely pool to chill out with kids and a great gym.try to get the meal  Deals evening meal was very nice but room looks like it needs an up date....,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,BDW LONDON,"Great Location. Fantastic Service.  Best Executive Lounge in the UK. The Waldorf Hilton, London, opened in 1908 with a vision to follow the American tradition of offering more than just a room but to be a place for passer-byes to stop for dinner, afternoon tea or a drink. The Waldorf opened with 400 bedrooms, 176 bathrooms and a range of innovative features - every room had electric lights that could be switched off at the bedside, three elevators, central heating and a telephone in every room. Today the hotel is a symbol of English heritage with magnificent dining venues and stylish rooms and suites, while still maintaining its iconic traditional charm.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, great location","My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf for 2 nights as a short leisure stay in London, it was our second stay at this hotel and we would be happy to stay their again.  Good Godfreys bar is lovely and they do a great champagne cocktail. Drinks are not cheep but then if you want cheep drinks there are plenty of other places locally, but for us it was worth the money.  All the staff were helpful and polite. The hotel is in a fantastic location and I would happily recommend it to anyone asking. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre theatre dinner ,"Myself and three friends opted for the special three course dinner plus champagne on Saturday night.  The cost was £29 plus service charge.  The meal was excellent and the variety good. There was also the choice of a small charge to change the options on the main course. Only one very small complaint , it was quite cold in the restaurant as the air conditioning Unit  was blowing some very cold air.   ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let down by Homage Restaurant,"We have been to the Homage restaurant several times and noticed a big decline in the last year. Our visit this time was a huge disappointment, the food was incorrectly ordered, the steaks mediocre and one inedible, we had to ask for our celebration plate and it didn't arrive with the anniversary congratulations that was previously asked for. The worse thing was that we ordered a second bottle of wine and it disappeared when three quarters full. When we questioned the waiter he argued with the 6 of us and claimed that we had drunk it. This was absolutely not true and we then had the embarrassing moment where we had to argue with the head waiter who reluctantly gave us some wine. This was not how six of us wished to spend our friends 40th wedding anniversary. When the bill arrived…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"I’m midway through my stay. I’ve stayed at this property almost a dozen times. I’ve always loved it. It’s location, the room sizes, the attention to detail. Always nice. They seemed to have made some updates lately in technology.  Ut on this stay everything has declined. Room service is glib and the food lackluster. The room is made up during the day, but only the bed made; no garbage taken out, no towel replacement, no soap replenish. The breakfast room service is slow-both mornings I never even got a second cup of coffee. The place feels less friendly and more detached.  I’d hate to loose this hotel on my London visits......more to come. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London.,"Great hotel ,super position near Covent Garden. Will we stay there again. YES. So close soho .Regent Street. Theatres all around the area. All traffic is mainly at a standstill,but that’s London. Great Great time ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but average hotel","The Waldorf is in a great location, close to various tourist spots and theaters. Easy walk to get to most things.   Some call it classic and chic, for me it felt old and dated. Rooms are smallish, terrible shower that was extremely hot, and air con that blows right on the bed where you sleep.   Maybe it’s a London thing, but I felt that this was overpriced for what I got. I will look for an alternative when I am in town again.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Aldwych Waldorf,"Superior staff.  Incredible location.  Best good hotel for theater options.  Close to all major tourist sites.  Cost a little high, but rooms, food, and bar are good.  Easy access to three major tube stations.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Location was ideal for the theatres. Impeccible service and really nice rooms. Would definitely recommend this hotel for those looking for that extra service.   We did not get time to sample the restaurant so cannot comment on the food.  ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"This Hotel is in a brilliant location for the West End shows, Covent Garden, Leicester square. Everything is in walking distance. A warm welcome awaits you, the staff are very friendly. Hotel has had a major makeover, the decor has been done to a very high standard. Plenty to choose from at breakfast, and the afternoon Tea is well worth it too.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"3rd visit, this is the only hotel for us in London!","This is the 3rd time we have stayed with the Waldorf Hilton London, and they consistently remind us why we keep going back.  The main reason: they make us feel special and welcomed.  The staff here is top notch, but particularly want to call out Sunny who recognized my husband from our last visit, gave us great advice, checked in on us and always remembered our names and followed up on the recommendations he had made.  The property is lovely, very comfortable, as are the rooms, and PERFECT location for sightseeing and theater.  Just a note, the rooms are not necessarily fancy, but they are very comfortable, decent amount of space and nice toiletry products.  The property is an easy walk to Covent Garden, multiple subway and bus stops, as well as the Thames.  We are Hilton Honors…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,splendid,loved our stay found it very pleasant clean nice all round amazing place spent a lot of time in the hotel service amazing very relaxing amazing all round hotel famous people here too which the kids loved will be staying again,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth the wait?,"Called for early evening cocktails as they do a mean Mocha Delight, alcohol free coffee cocktail, for our teetotal mum. It was busy but we were able to get a table for 5. The table required cleaning from the previous guests and although a waitress gave it a wipe the table was still left requiring further cleaning, which we did whilst waiting. Nice olives, almonds and snacks prior to drinks arriving. Orders were taken but then a 40 minute wait followed. We then received 3 of the 5 cocktails, another five minutes before the 4th and then another five minutes or so for the alcohol free Mocha Delight (which is no longer on the menu but they were able to provide, thank you !) to arrive, whilst we were enquiring of the management as to it's whereabouts? The long wait resulted in us…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dining room Waitrons need more training,"Went to the Waldorf for a evening meal party of 4 had champagne bought to the table by a friendly waitress obviously she was not concentrating poured 3 glasses then went away  we had to call her back and ask for the other glass, Then ordered jug of water,waited ages for the water, was never asked if we wanted more to drink or even had our glasses topped up. The food was well prepared and the steaks were first class except for the wine service and good hotel to visit.But we will not be returning.There are plenty of top class hotels in London to choose from.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant but busy,"Elegant building in the heart of London with décor that makes you feel as if you are staying somewhere special.  Room upgrade was very well equipped, stylish and clean.  Small pool - go early to get some lengths in. Sadly no hot tub and at the time of our stay the steam and sauna rooms where out of action.  Bar was excellent with well mixed drinks and friendly polite staff. At weekend this does seem to be very busy and you might struggle to get a table.  Breakfast offers some good options, long queues at the weekend and a very busy room - luckily we had a quieter table off the main room as I think it would have been too noisy for a relaxing breakfast. We ordered from the menu rather than the buffet - the wait was quite long due to the business of the day but it was probably the…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed experience,"This hotel has so much potential to be a 5 star rating, but it just doesn’t quite make it. Don’t get me wrong, all problems were dealt with efficiently - but we would have rather not had the problems in the first place. Twin instead of double, cold shower first day, executive lounge that only serves tea/coffee and softs for majority of day (just encouraging binge drinking!), piped synthetic music that doesn’t match mood for the time of day! Luckily, this review is a four because of the excellent location, lovely room and a few very nice staff: concierges and especially Alvaro, the manager in the executive breakfast restaurant, who was professional, calm, and genuinely lovely. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in Central London,"This was my first visit to London, and the Waldorf Hilton proved to be the perfect place to stay. Beautifully appointed, expertly staffed, comfortable and safe, this hotel is an easy walk to Trafalgar Square (National Gallery), Somerset House (Courtauld Gallery) Covent Garden, and many West End theaters and, just across the Thames, the National Theatre. All of the ""greatest hits"" are either walkable, or a short bus/tube ride away. Their lovely FULL English breakfast should keep you satisfied until tea time.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel & service ,"We stayed here for one night and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is very nice and chic, with very friendly attentive staff, based in a great central location in London. We upgraded to an executive room upon check-in and we weren't disappointed. The room was lovely and spacious, with a nice modern bathroom. (Only let down was the water pressure in the shower in the morning) We had access to the the executive lounge too which was great and worth the upgrade. We went straight to afternoon tea once we dropped our bags in our room where there was a selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones, along with hot and cold drinks. Later In the evening we went back for a few drinks and some canapés, where there was a great selection of alcoholic drinks to choose from. When we went for…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Celebrating my Sister’s 40th!!,"I took my sister to London and stayed 1 night at this hotel. The staff were amazing and even put a complimentary cake in our room for arrival! We had afternoon tea and breakfast - food and atmosphere was amazing!! Room was big and great value for money! Would highly recommend. Having stayed in a few Hilton hotels, I would say this is one of the best!  Thank you Hilton ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit,"A lovely hotel,our room was very spacious,bathroom first class,huge TV, the staff were without exception superb,nothing was to much trouble. We decided to dine in and  as we did not have a reservation had an hour to wait, when we got into the restaurant we had a relatively short wait (we thought) until our order was taken, we were surprised & delighted   to be offered a complementary glass of champagne. The meal was well worth the wait.     Breakfast was plentiful & a good selection of hot & cold choices. We look forward to our next stay. Also a wonderfully central location.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love it!,"Terrific location.  Great way to experience Britain!!  Central location.  Lots of theatre, culinary experiences, parks, shopping, and people watching.  Easy walking from all the major sites without being touristy or too populated",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Class Staff and Gorgeous Hotel!,"Stayed Sunday as it was walking distance from the Savoy (where I had a conference Monday) and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay!   I arrived at 11;30am and decided to push my luck and try to check in. Dealt with Ferooz and he was so polite, welcoming and friendly- a real asset to the hotel! I recently hit gold HH status which he acknowledged right away, which was great (as I'm pretty excited about it- haha). He managed to get me a great room right away and one adjacent to the lift (I put this as preferred on my profile) He was an absolute gem!  The rooms are beautifully decorated with retro black and white snaps, tasteful classic furniture and spotlessly clean. The TV was huge and the bed; very comfortable. The bathroom was also great too, brilliant light, deep bath, super powerful…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, but should be so much better","We have stayed at The Waldorf many times over the years and I really cannot understand why Hilton do not bring this hotel right up to scratch.  It is a beautiful building inside and out, in a fabulous location in arguably the best city in the world, and yet it is just not quite right. We stayed a couple of weeks ago.  We upgraded to an executive room and had the use of the executive lounge which was all really nice.  However, at breakfast in the lounge we had to draw their attention to the plates that were out, which were really greasy, you certainly would not have wanted to eat your breakfast off them.  These were swiftly changed, but the following morning, exactly the same pile of greasy plates sat there.  We had afternoon tea on our second day, but the service was…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central,"The Waldorf is very well located - practically everything in central London is within a 20 minute walk (and the Tube is nearby anyway).  Very close to the Strand and Covent Garden, providing great access to most theaters and restaurants.  Hotel is very well cared for.  Room was small, but nice enough.  All of the services at the hotel were great but for the chambermaids.  For some reason the chambermaids just struggled.  We asked the chambermaid for an extra sheet for the bed since the duvet was very heavy (we removed it) - she left us the sheet but then took it the following morning (perhaps it was a different chambermaid).  So we asked for another sheet and left a note the following day not to remove the extra sheet - the chambermaid did so anyway.  We also noticed that the…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, Great Servicev","We spent 11 days at this London Hotel on Aldwych, in the Theater District.  The hotel is convenient to the theaters, Covent Garden, Soho, Trafalgar Square, and most of the tourist sites.   We had a junior suite, which was very comfortable.  Bed, bathroom, televisions all were very good.  Only negatives were an uncomfortable desk chair, which had seen better days, and room cleaning was a bit erratic as to timing.  Room was very clean and had two separate air conditioning units, one for the bedroom and one for the sitting room.   No upgrades here for a Diamond member, and our room had light but only a view of the center of the building, which was a bit disappointing.  But it is was a very quiet room.  The breakfast was nice, either in the executive lounge or the restaurant…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the nicer Hiltons,"I have stayed at a variety of Hilton hotels in the United Kingdom, United States and in Africa and the Waldorf Hilton is one of the nicer ones.  Conveniently located in the middle of the theatre district at Aldwych (just round the corner from the Strand) it is one of my favourite places to stay in Central London when I am on a business trip.  The rooms are spacious and comfortable (on this occasion I had a Queen superior room)and the staff are very friendly and helpful.  They do a great buffet breakfast with really nice a la carte options but the restaurant can get get pretty crowded in the mornings so best to go early to avoid waiting in line.  Their afternoon tea is pretty good as well.  Room service can be a bit spotty.  My order was missing a few items but they made up for…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, not so great hotel","If you expect this hotel to be in the same class as Waldorfs in say Amsterdam or Rome, you will be very disappointed. It is very faded and being maintained on a small budget. Courtyard view is truly terrible, staff are friendly but often clumsy, breakfast is chaotic and not very good and overall cleanliness isn't great. However, if you consider the prices compared to other hotels in the area it makes more sense (during our stay, still 280gbp for a normal room and 380gbp for a junior suit, but it's walking distance to Leicester Sq and Covent Garden). Rooms are well-sized and it has the usual Hilton executive lounge and a pool. The location is terrific, so with some investment in the decor and staff this could be a great hotel.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,At the Centre of Everything,"As first time visitors to London, the Waldorf was perfectly located - close to theaters, museums, sites and everything in between. The standard rooms are small but fine if you are out and about during the day. Chris, the Breakfast Manager, was amazing and looked after our every need. The duty manager who looked after us after our room was flooded (a guest in the room above us left the bath running) was awesome too. She did a great job making sure we were comfortable in our new room and went out of her way to make sure we were happy with the change.   The only reason why we didn't score this hotel a 5 is because the housekeeping was inconsistent. When we arrived, the room was clean but there was rubbish from the previous guest, my travel sized cleanser was ""cleaned away"" along…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London,"This is my go-to hotel when I take one of my frequent trips to London. The location is perfect as they are right next to London's theatre district (which is not just great for Londons seeing plays but for the outstanding restaurant selection). The hotel is a bit old, but it has a lot of charm. In addition, there are a lot of perks at that hotel from the outstanding Executive Lounge, to the excellent fitness club.   What are the downsides of the hotel. The major one is that it's a bit old and starting to show signs of it. It could definitely use a renovation. The rooms are old and a little small, but what do you expect right in middle of downtown London.  All in all, this remains my go-to place in London. It's a classy old hotel in the perfect location.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"The Waldorf is an iconic grand hotel and it is reminiscent of days gone by. The door staff were so friendly and helped us with our luggage.  The deluxe room with single beds was clean and we had a view across to the OXO building.  It was nice to be able to open the windows as it was a lovely warm evening. The bed was sooo comfortable! The bar was slow, to the point that by the time we received our drinks we had to drink them quickly to leave and go to the theatre. The bar was still slow at night, when there were few people present.  There were weddings in the hotel, so maybe this caused the delays, but it was not good and not up to the standard expected. Make sure you leave plenty of time to order and enjoy your drinks (or go to a local bar or pub. The breakfast buffet was good,…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Three nights right in the theater district, easy access to tube and cabs","Larger than most London hotel rooms, including recently updated bathroom.  Excellent concierge desk was prompt and efficient.  Part of the Hilton Honors program, which makes it especially worthwhile.  Security systems in front gave added feeling of comfort.  The dining room was perfect for a big breakfast before setting out on a day of shopping, sightseeing and theater.  Pricing of restaurants and bar in the hotel were appropriate, and surprisingly affordable.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea in the homage restaurant,I was bought an afternoon tea voucher for Christmas and after 16 phone calls to the hotel I was finally able to book for afternoon tea which I went for today . I went with 2 other friends . my booking time was 2 pm but as we arrived in London earlier we went to the restaurant to ask if it was possible to go in early at 1.30 pm the restaurant at this time had 3 tables of 2 inside so 9 people .there were 3 people At the desk in front of me who were shown to their table and nobody behind me . upon asking if we could go in early we were told by the receptionist we would not be able to go in early as there were lots of other bookings before ours and could we return at 2 pm . So away we went and returned at 2 pm on our return there was now only 15 people inside and we were seated at…,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent food let down by poor service,"We had the fixed price menu with the glass of champagne which was excellent and great value. The experience was let down by poor service not by the waitress who was very good but by the number of ""managers"" who seemed to be doing little or nothing and later in our meal seemed to disappear completely!  It needs an experienced maitre d to get a grip.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not really impressed,"I booked for an anniversary stay at The Waldorf in London as a special treat for my husband and I and spent a bit more than I normally would but I kinda wished I hadn't now.  I can honestly say I didn't experience anything more than I would have in a Holiday inn!  When we got to reception to check in the man told us he had changed our room, unknown reason, but not to worry, this one was bigger and had a better view.  Well I would hate to have seen what the first room was like.  The room was small and the view was over the machinery behind the hotel!  The room was spotlessly clean and immaculate but once inside you would have no idea your were in the famous Waldorf.  There was nothing special to it at all.  It was extremely hot, the air conditioner was broken and the fridge…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing! ,"Stayed here for a friends birthday celebration and while the hotel is a lovely building, they seem to miss the little details you'd expect from a hotel of this standard.  The door staff and bar staff were lovely and couldn't be more helpful. The rooms disappointing detail, only cheap decaf coffee provided, and only 2 provided in each room. The bar was very expensive. They also seemed to put holds on cards when not needed causing issues for part of my party. Overall for the money I left disappointed. ",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impressive Hotel,"Stayed here during a weekend for a “walk around London”, used up most of my Hilton Honours points, but it was worth it. Stunning Hotel, both inside and outside, impressive breakfast room. Strongly recommended as a weekend romantic Hotel treat.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, helpful staff, but some things need attention","In general, the hotel is very nice and the staff very helpful.  Our room was two floors above lobby level, directly over the restaurant.  Lots of noise every morning at 6, the furniture being dragged around over a bare floor.  Great if you need to be awakened early!  No hand-held shower head. Drain was very slow. A second chair in the room would've been nice.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Irish family of 2 adults and 2 kids,"Very good location, walking distance of Covent garden, london eye, shrek adventure etc. rooms quite small, but clean and beds very comfortable. On arrival we were told breakfast wouldn't be free for our eldest child, this was never stated to us when booking, but after my husband telling them how stupid that sounded they agreed to let her eat for free. We payed a lot to stay at this hotel, so I felt it was very unfair to look for extra on arrival , our bill would of been 80 pound after 4 days stay and my daughter only eats toast for breakfast . ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable short stay,"Welcoming staff, comfortable room with everything I needed. Close to Covent Garden, Leicester Square ,theatres and restaurants all within walking distances.  Would love to stay again, especially for breakfast which was a true Hilton spread which set us up for the day.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic Hotel,Excellent hotel in best area of London for theatre and dining.  Hotel staff service was outstanding.  Room was well above average for United Kingdom standard.  Walking distance to all of London’s main theatre district and great restaurant selection.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best luxury hotel in London,I spent a night with my wife at the Waldorf Hilton in Sept 2017. It is at the heart of the theatre district in London surrounded by many landmarks and restaurants. Best place to stay if you're interested in theatres and all the major theatres are just few minutes away. Very comfortable stay and nice amenities in the hotel.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Delicious well presented food ,"On arrival this restaurant  was quite dark, but clean and friendly staff. Nadine was our lovely Greek waitress, attentive and polite. We had a nice table and could hear each other talking rather than some restaurants you have to shout. I really enjoyed the soup & main the cheesecake was delicious too, but I'm not a fan of raspberries so left those.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer Service at an Excellent Hotel,"I just returned from an eight day stay and thoroughly enjoyed my experience at this hotel.  The service was exceptional, from the front desk to concierge to housekeeping to the bar staff.  The room was lovely and the location was perfect.  This hotel is very well maintained and the staff is very professional and welcoming.  This will be my only choice for hotels in London.  Staying at the Waldorf Hilton very much added to my enjoyment of visiting London and I highly recommend it to anyone visiting there.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very relaxing ,Booked restaurant for evening meal went to the lounge pre dinner drinks staff very attentive Head sommelier excellent nothing was too much trouble. Restaurant food was great would come again my only negative was that I had to refill my glass of champagne in the restaurant I would have liked the same attentiveness that I received in the bar.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Customer Service At It’s Best!,"Just back from a night away with friends staying at The Waldorf Hilton. What a fab hotel in a great location.  The rooms were big for central London and a real character about them. Just like the rest of the hotel. The afternoon tea and in particular the coronation chicken sandwich was delicious. What set this hotel was the outstanding customer service, the staff were so engaging, interested in all the guests and couldn’t do enough to help. They were all a real credit to the hotel. Would love to stay here again.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Night tea treat ,Wow wow and wow had a fantastic time here ! Had a really lovely time here and the staff were absolutely fantastic. The high tea was amazing and so was the champagne. Something and somewhere to keep as a treat for birthdays and anniversary’s ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Epitome of Preeminent Service,"The Waldorf Hilton London is lovely old gem of a hotel, very well situated for exploring London on foot.  It has the feel of a classic property and very much feels the part of London.  It is immaculately maintained from what I could tell.  The executive lounge is well stocked and the breakfast offering is very satisfactory.  Good Godfrey’s Bar and Lounge is very comfortable with its 1920’s throwback feel, and there was live music offered on several evenings we were there for happy hour or a night cap after dinner and show.  All of that is good and well, and frankly, what one would expect that for the nightly rates charged.  What was not expected, however, was the overwhelming sense that I still have after spending nine consecutive nights there; that this property seems to have…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top choice for London,"This was our second stay at the Waldorf. In terms of location, service and room quality we feel it is a fantastic choice. We stayed in an executive suite and it was fabulously 'roomy' with lots of great touches to make you feel right at home. The people are super friendly, relaxed and respectful..which makes for a very enjoyable stay.....particular mention needs to go to Alvaro and his colleague from Budapest in the executive lounge ..... truly lovely people. Go, you won't be dissapointed.....",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely staff, great location whats not to love?","Apart from a few niggles ( dirty toilet seat - cleaned very quickly) steam room and sauna not working ( and not informed on booking) and there being only lukewarm water in the shower, I have to say we had such a lovely time. The staff make it. In a hotel like this i would expect nothing less than polite friendly staff, but the staff here just seem to go even further and really make you feel like they care about you, which is not the case everywhere sadly.  Ruben on the front desk ( i hope i got his name right) the staff in the cocktail bar, the staff in the executive lounge for afternoon tea and breakfast were all just so lovely, they made me smile. The beds and bedding are to die for,so that immediately makes me happy. Even with the small issues i wouldn't hesitate to return…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,In need of revamp,"I had great expectations regarding this hotel, which used to be one of the best spots in London, also considering the very central location, a few steps from the iconic Covent Garden. Whilst the rooms and the service match the usual standard of Hilton properties, the hotel itself appears a bit out of date, mostly in terms of decor, while the choice of spaces might be better organized. The bar is very small, for sure not enough to accommodate all the guests of the hotel, plus eventual externals. The room for afternoon teas is just a corner next to the entrance, with only a few tables, facing the main road, which is a pity, as the building displays other larges spaces, like a huge ballroom, which could be better used. Breakfast was just decent, and again, the disposition of…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel with Excellent Customer Service,"Stayed here for one night to celebrate a birthday.  The moment we pulled up outside, the doorman opened the car door and greeted us with a genuine, friendly welcome. From that welcome, the service did not falter. Our luggage was taken in for us, the car was taken off to be parked and we were personally welcomed by the Guest Relations Manager.  We were very kindly and generously given an upgraded room because it was a special occasion and the Guest Relations Manager personally showed us to our room.  When we returned to the room after lunch in Covent Garden (easy 5 min walk from hotel) we found a birthday treat of chocolate cake on a plate decorated with the words 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate and a birthday card signed by the Hotel Manager - again, very kind and…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Absolutely superb stay for a night. Priced high for the night but worth a stay. Located in a great location too so easy to get about. Would 100% recommend here for a cheeky night or two. #checkitout!! ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friday Afternoon Tea Treat,"My mum and I were looking forward to our Afternoon Tea at the Waldorf. I have been here before for dinner and loved it, so was expecting to feel the same again. We arrived and went to the restaurant Homage where we had to wait 5 minutes or so at the desk as there was no one in attendance. We managed to catch some ones attention and were shown to our table pretty quickly after this and given the menu. The tables were very close together, which we found odd considering that the room was half empty. We had to put our coats on the backs of our chairs as they weren't taken from us on arrival as in most other hotels. It was lovely that we could listen to the harpist. A man came over to check if we wanted champagne and to take our tea orders and check for allergies. I usually say that…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Paris Stay,"Overall the location was excellent and staff attentive to all needs and requests. The Executive Lounge was nice for a light breakfast, snacks, etc. The lobby wasn't much to speak of, bu adequate. Our room was an executive room, spacious and well appointed.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,☹️😑 Waldorf Hilton Hotel London 👎👎👎,"Some initial feedbacks : 1. Booked 6 nights via booking.com and upon my check-in, I was told that I could use my HHonours membership number, I wonder if it is so? 2. Being given a room on 1st floor (see photos here) with a grrreat view facing the exhaust pipes. Hearing hummming sound on and off especially at night. Front desk claimed that this was the only room available when checking in at about 10am on arrival. We didn't bargain for anything more because the front desk said no other room available after 3pm and we just got off our 8 hours flight from Dubai. 3. The room thermometer is the first ever that I have seen that has no numeric reading and 🙃I have to use my ""bodily feeling"" to feel what's the temperature. I think this is quite ""unique"" and perfect for ""sensitive"" skin…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No hot water,I cannot believe I am writing another negative review at the same hotel where I found a mouse 11 months ago. I suppose it is my own fault for staying in the same property a second time and I will most definitely not stay there again despite the fact that I travel to London 2 to 3 times a year and am a member of Honors. There was no hot water the morning I checked out and the front desk lied to me and said it was only my room encountering this difficulty however when I checked out I found out that other guests also had no hot water that morning. There is no excuse for a five star property having no hot water.... none whatsoever. The staff were evasive and while this is only the second time I have taken the time to make a TripAdvisor entry I expect it will be the last because I…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"Very good location, just 5 min. from Covent Garden and 3 minutes from a good number of theatres, plenty of restaurants nearby and also in the hotel. Service is very good and attentive, nice bar, good room service",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good hotel in an excellent location,"I have stayed at this hotel many many times over the years but it had been several years since I last visited this hotel as I thought it had become a little tired and needed some refreshing. Well that has certainly been done. The rooms have been refurbished to a very high standard and the bathrooms are vastly improved, bright and modernised. The staff, from the Doorman who greeted us, through reception, to all the staff in the bars and restaurant were smartly dressed, impeccably polite and helpful and very friendly. It’s always the sign of excellence when on your first morning to breakfast the staff at reception use your name to wish you a good morning. The Bar food menu was varied and the food there was very good, as was the service, Bar staff are most attentive. The restaurant…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel ideally placed for City or West End,"I stayed here whilst on a business trip to London. The hotel is very welcoming, the staff are friendly and helpful and the provision of WiFi is great.  The room I had was very comfortable with a well positioned workstation with plenty of power points, including one for continental plugs. The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was well appointed and well stocked. The rainfall shower was a delight, but an older person might find it a little challenging to step over the edge of the bath to use it, as it's UK height not US height... I had a cocktail in the bar which was excellent.  The hotel is walking distance to the City (15 minutes to St. Paul's) or the West End, so it's an ideal base for exploring.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,top class hotel,"Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights.  When I arrived the front desk man was so very friendly and helpful.  I'd mentioned in the booking that it was my daughters birthday and they asked when she would be arriving, when we checked in the room there was a birthday cake and happy birthday waiting in the room which was a nice touch.  The room was a standard room and lots of room, especially for London.  The bathroom really clean and overall very happy with the room.  Breakfast was included and was totally amazing, we at on a balcony overlooking the ballroom and was just lovely.  The staff were so friendly and helpful really couldn't ask for a better breakfast.  Checking out was easy and again such friendly staff.  I would highly recommend this hotel as a real treat as its of course high…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central London Access,"Enjoyed my stay here.  Cultural shock was not as apparent here as the staff was quite helpful, however some questions concerning the initial interactions with the housekeeping staff may have been a little off, but resolution to any issues once addressed were resolved immediately.  I’d stay here again, but on discounted nights.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a Waldorf,"I've stayed at Waldorf hotels in NYC and Amsterdam recently and they were the well maintained, luxury properties I associate with the brand. This place is not a Waldorf - it is barely a Hilton. If you're looking for something a step above - go elsewhere!",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Central location ,"Booked 2 nights to celebrate my birthday . Room was not ready at time of check in. Complimentary drinks voucher given for a drink each to compensate.Room nice but very hot. Air conditioning on most of the time.Key cards messed about on two separate occasions and wouldn’t unlock the door so had to be reset. Good night sleep. Hotel quiet. Decent breakfast with choices of cereal,cooked breakfast,continental or freshly made omelette. Bar was busy when we visited late in the evening. Pleasant atmosphere. Staff all very attentive and professional. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Smoky no smoking hotel,"This hotel is advertised as a no smoking hotel. There is a sign by the entrance saying it is illegal to smoke in the hotel. Yet they have smoking rooms?? Our room was ok, the shower very cramped after you climb inside a deep bath. Cleaning was basic. Sometimes they didn't replace the minimal amenities supplied. No clean bedding in 5 days. This is not a true 5 star hotel, although the prices are.  I remember why I don't usually stay at Hilton hotels. The location was good.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wife's 70th Birthday treat,"My Wife, Wendy and I stayed at The Waldorf Hilton as a celebration of her 70th Birthday. We were pleased that we chose to upgrade to an Executive King room. We had already booked for a Queen room with Bed and Breakfast. Our Executive room was excellent, we appreciated the use of the Executive Lounge for food and drinks during our stay. We had our breakfast in the Homage Restaurant which was superb, with friendly and attentive staff. Wendy had a lovely surprise when a member of the restaurant staff knocked on our room door and presented her with a special cake on a plate with ""Happy 70th Birthday"" written around the edge of the plate, this was a very nice touch which was very much appreciated. On the Friday I had pre booked an Afternoon Tea which was out of this world. We went to…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Excellent Stay,"This is a great hotel to stay, the staff are excellent and the rooms are spotless, with very comfy beds.  It is convenient to around seven theatres that are within a few minutes walking distances of the hotel, and Covent Garden is just around the corner.  It definitely well worth consideration to any London trip.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay!,"London was part of our honeymoon trip.  The moment the guy at the reception got the info, he upgraded our room. My favorite part was the bathtub- huge with a TV on the wall across , so you dont miss your movie.  They tried their smoke detectors 3 days in a row and no one seems to care after a while. Just don't panicky! Would stay there in a heartbeat!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A grand old London hotel in the middle of theatreland,"The Warldorf Hilton is a beautiful, art nouveau style hotel in a great part of London, close to everything.  It's part of the Hilton group but they've managed to keep it original and it doesn't feel like a standard Hilton hotel. Rooms are spacious for London and every room is a little different with some original features.  The manager is very friendly and has welcomed me personally on a few occasions and the staff at reception and concierge very helpful.  I've said before that some of the cleaning staff can be trained better and should at least have a smattering of English but this seems not to have been improved. Might be a staff shortage in London.  Amazing breakfast in a palatial room, even if a bit pricey and a very stylish bar as well.  They're also famous for high teas. …",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but disappointing facilities,"We recently stayed here for a night while seeing the Lion King nearby. From the outside it looks very impressive, although the doorman obviously didn't think we were staying there and stayed talking to his friend until we reached out to open the door ourselves. We had a small wait for check in, but nothing major.  Our room was small but well appointed, being so central we knew it wouldn't be spacious. It was well decorated and comfortable. We particularly liked the buttons you could press to let the maid know when you wanted privacy or your room cleaned. The wardrobe was lovely and worked well to told the minibar and tea making facilities. The bed was very comfortable. Our view was of a roof and walls but that's London.  The bathroom was nice but the bath was very small. There…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday ,"Came here for my birthday as we went to see a show , lovely hotel very polite staff . Had a queen guest room all clean and tidy will say be carful of the mini bar don’t take anything out unless you are going to use it as you will get charged I made this mistake but the staff were very helpful and had a little laugh with me that I had done it .Room was double bed , flat screen smart tv , tea making facilities,bath robes , toiletries in the bath room , air con and a smart phone . We had breakfast where we could have the buffet ... was lovely . We will be making another visit again !",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location 5 Star Service,"WE had amazing service at the Waldorf. It is rich in history and  in a great location in the theatre district. The Concierge and front desk and entire staff were extremely helpful. The concierge made everything happen with one phone call.. Theatre tickets private cars, airport transfers ect. The room had a view of an ugly roof top. I was disappointed that the sauna or steam did not work, that was one of the major reasons I booked the pricey hotel, but all in all it was a very good experience.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We were given the afternoon tea here as a Christmas present. It is a great venue for the tea - all very impressive in the room with the chandeliers and live music. There was a pianist playing when we arrived and when this was finished a harpist played for some time - all lovely and added to the atmosphere. The afternoon tea itself was quite nice and we were offered a glass of champagne (an extra £12 per glass) to start - I never say no to the offer of champagne. We were not offered any top-ups of sandwiches or tea/coffee at any time. In fact one of us asked for more tea - and this never did arrive, and we were unable to attract the attention of any of the staff to chase it up either. There was a really lovely young lady who offered us the champagne - I regret that I didn't take…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"The hotel location was good and the staff were helpful, The view from the room was simply a brick wall which we found very claustrophobic. The breakfast was average and it was difficult to catch the eye of staff at times when we needed something. Some of the breakfast items ran out and we had to wait a while for them to be replenished.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Great hotel to have a couple of days break very good location close to Covent Garden etc, excellent Staff service in all areas, the food is also very good with good choices on the menus we had a excellent dinner, all plenty of choice for Breakfast you should give this hotel a try ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good hotel,everything was managed very well and it was comfortable . it was clean. service was quick and staff was really helpful. Location is very good as its next to many eating joints as well shopping area. its walk-able to Thames river which was beautiful,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for central London theaters; easy access to major sights,"Property is well located for London theater goers. Pricey but fair value for location and property condition. Hotel staff most helpful.  In restaurant breakfast service disappointed - omelette chef unsanitary handling of food, self service toaster difficult to operate (some guests using metal utensils to extract toast), food orders taken but not served.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"Stayed here the other week with my daughters, very very attentive staff nothing too much trouble, room was lovely clean and tidy, breakfast was great an enormous choice, location spot on as we were seeing a show , can't fault this hotel and staff would definitely recommend and will definitely return, thank you for making are stay so lovely ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing gin tasting,"I was bought a gift of cream tea with gin tasting for 2 people, but we were able to extend it for 4 people.   The experience was really good.  Each person was able to pick 4 different types of gin from a large list of gins.  Each gin was accompanied with tonic, or extras such as cucumber.  The waitress Tanya was very good and told us all about the gins and remembed a lot of information.    After the gin tasting we were then served hot drinks and scones with jam and clotted cream.   In no way were we made to feel rushed.  The bar was very relaxing and a great atmosphere in the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really nice hotel and bar,"Came here for drinks with some friends and family. The hotel is in a really good location. We sat in the lobby area all night and had drinks and food. Food is very nice and they have a very good drinks selection. Staff were very helpful and knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend a visit. Prices were a bit high, but it was expected in a hotel like that.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff,"The hotel is in a prime location for around London, the staff are fantastic and very helpful.   They are very friendly and do all they can to accommodate your needs and wants.    A bit pricey for what it is, not sure what I was expecting for £350 a night but felt a little let down.   It is a one off experience for me and I probably wouldn't look at going there again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old property,Bathtub is too narrow and shower glass is not mounted correct. Water splashes all over and pretty dangerous to walk out after the shower. Also it stopped draining so we had to call the maintenance. It was clean but old and breaking down. Sauna and stream rooms were broken as well. ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location ,"Me and wife stayed here after watching The Lion King and the Location is unbeatable as it's just a 30 second walk to the Lyceum theatre. The hotel is amazing from the minute you walk in you know you are some where special the staff are brilliant, as we arrived early they told us they would text me once my room was ready for early check in so we could go to Covent Garden which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. We booked the Executive king room which was very classy and this room also got us entry into the Executive lounge which served complementary breakfast in the morning and then hot/cold drinks with cakes and scones in the afternoon then at 6pm it canapés and alcoholic drinks which was ideal for pre show drinks. Stay here and you won't be disappointed 😊",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good night stay,We stayed at the Hilton as part of my 40th birthday celebrations. The room was good with a well equipped bathroom and great shower. The bar had a wide range of cocktails which we enjoyed. As I didn't book through the Hilton website they wouldn't give me the free breakfast my gold membership normally entitles me too. I thought this was a bit stingey considering it was my birthday and the amount of money my company must spend with them but rules are rules I suppose. Otherwise we had an enjoyable stay. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Booked this hotel through the Hilton Honors app. Not a cheap place to stay although they were good enough on check in to move me to a King Executive because one had become available since I made reservation (at a slightly lower price than I had paid). They didn't refund the difference but I was happy to get the lounge access.  My room wasn't quite ready when I arrived early so I made use of the executive lounge. They were serving afternoon tea. There were assorted sandwiches and cakes and plenty of tea and coffee. It was very pleasant. Once upon a time my wife and I regularly visited the Hilton Arc de Triomphe in Paris. That was probably the best lounge we have stayed in (the hotel is no longer run by Hilton). It used to serve unlimited day time and evening drinks including as…,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Splendid!,Relaxed yet luxorious. Loved the soft retro music in the speakers all though the music in the breakfast room was loud and annoying. Great staff. Great rooms. Long queues to the breakfast every morning! ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,My wife and I visited twice recently and both times to see a show... the location makes easy walking to Covent Garden and there are loads of shows to visit... Hotel is very welcoming and the staff at reception and door are great the accommodation is very comfortable... the real issue for me was the breakfast.. both times I ordered Porridge.. first time it never came .. the second my wife had made her way through most of her b/fast and still no sign.... service was very bad... the head waiter did not seem to bothered. I complained at the time and was not impressed at the response....  probably eat b/fast out next time...,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre Theatre dinner,My friends for my 70th bought my wife and I tickets for the Aldwych theatre for the evening and also for them to come with us. However as we always like to make a day of it we met at the monument at lunchtime at went to Covent Garden as it is always an interesting place to visit with different performing acts. We then wandered off to the Strand for a desert in a very nice Italian restaurant. The food was good but it was to early to eat dinner. We then went to find out exactly where the theatre was so we could work out how far it was from whatever place we chose to eat. I used to work in Kingsway and new of a Wetherspoons where we could have a nice drink (I like real ale). The pub served quite a few ales and the staff behind the bar were friendly. However we did have a run in…,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding visit,"We chose the Waldorf following our wedding because of its proximity to our evening venue. Hotel itself was beautiful and the staff went out their way to make it special.  All the staff congratulated us and a lovely cake was left in our room.  There was a bit of a delay getting into breakfast but it was well handled by the staff who handed out orange juice, coffee and pastries as we waited. Mimosa's were also offered but it was a bit early for us!  Breakfast once we were seated was excellent. Perhaps the only hotel I've ever stayed in that provided a properly strong coffee!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow!,"We stayed here for 4 nights. The location is perfect, the rooms were perfect! This is one classy hotel. The staff were super, even have doormen! Right in the theatre district & a short walk from some pretty major London attractions! Pubs all around & a great coffee shop next door that does the most wonderful flat white! Would defiantly stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic luxury hotel great staff and location.,Spent a weekend in the Waldorf and had a wonderful visit. From the moment we walked through the entrance there was a atmosphere of quiet efficacy with an aroma of luxury. We had an upgrade to an executive accessible room which gave us access to the executive lounge. The room was large comfortable and the bathroom was ideal for my mobility concerns. Breakfast was buffet style in the lounge plentiful and tasty. There was a member of staff in the lounge who could arrange your requests such as additional supplies in your room.  If you do have problems like me climbing stairs then the entrance can be daunting but there is a small service lift too the left. A member of staff was always available to guide me if needed. A word of praise for Ms. Veronica Salazar who after I left my…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply magnificent,"I visited the hotel last Wednesday for pre-teather drinks and snacks, with my famyly. We were warm welocmed at the bar lobby by Hristomir, who recomended us some realy nice coctails and sandwiches. No doubt they were fantastyc. The staff was polyde, the service from Hristomir great, the drinks simply magnificent. I cant recomend, to the other guest to try the Croque madame and The Club sandwich, because they were faboulise. The next time im come to London, they were be no doubt, where i shall stay- The Great Waldorf HIlton. Looking forward to come back, and relieve the expirience of great service and drinks. Thank you my friends for taking care for me and my famyly !",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a disappointment ,"Having been called by Harley from the hotel with the promise of a free nights accommodation, reduced drinks and food with an invitation to join their Homage premiere club I was quite tempted.  Especially with the promise of a bottle of wine in the room if I signed up at a cost of £165 + vat.  I was hoping for something special and promised a ""great experience"" as it was my wife's birthday but it was far from that and the wine never appeared. We arrived at 16:45 only to be told the room wasn't ready! We were offered a free drink at the bar - however this was not ""free"" and cost me £10.45 including their 13.5% service charge. As a gold card member of the Hilton group I was under the impression that the black card would have let us have access to the executive lounge .. wrong..…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Family Trip,"Our trip to London was made more wonderful by our stay at the  Hilton Hotel.  Thank you for helping make our visit a terrific experience.  We will return and stay with Hilton, again. The service, accommodations, location, room and even the weather co=operated to make our stay most pleasurable.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Magical Musical Week end,"stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 1 night during the week end. Exceptional hotel, can not thank the staff enough, so polite and helpful and nothing was out of their way for you. Room was nice and modern, view wasn't so good as we were staying on the first floor which looks out on to the courtyard except the conservatory roof was higher than the window so only had the roof to look at and nothing past it. would return again when staying in London.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rooms small; bathrooms well appointed,"Upgraded to a Deluxe Room, I still found it fairly small, though it was well appointed.  The size is just London.  The hotel staff is wonderful, very solicitous and quite friendly.  The location near all the West End theaters and Covent Garden can't be beat.  Breakfast is quite good, too.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab Hotel,"Very smart hotel in great location, lovely room, comfy bed, nice pool & spa. Enjoyed complimentary afternoon tea & pre dinner drinks  in executive lounge, night cap in the hotel bar & breakfast in the reasturant",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing service with good food!,My partner treat for my bday was very warm reception and good food nice atmosphere excellent wine list . Nice offer online set menu. We had very nice dinner indeed!!! Highly recommended! We love to be back soon! A&C x,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary treat,We visited the Waldorf hotel for afternoon tea. From the moment we arrived we were welcomed so warmly and the whole experience felt very special. Nothing was too much trouble and my gluten free tea was just as yummy as my husbands standard tea. There was also a good selection of teas and I can recommend the oolong. Thank you to everyone who made our anniversary so memorable 😊,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for London sightseeing,"Spent a lot of time choosing a hotel in London for our stay.  Ended up booking 4 nights in a deluxe queen room from the Hilton website which had the best rate. Total per night was over $330 US which included the full breakfast.  The bed was comfortable, the room was nicely appointed and a nice size.  It overlooked the courtyard so it was quiet.  We were happy with the location for sightseeing.  About 5 minutes walk to 2 different tube stations on different lines.  Wonderful breakfast and service in the restaurant.  The most friendly employees were the doormen with the bowler hats.  It was nice to be greeted by them after long days of sightseeing.  Two issues:  some whacky service from the maid who never seemed to be able to give us more soap or replace amenities or vacuum the…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Level of Service,"I travel to London often for my annual trips and this was my first time staying at this hotel.  It is in a great location, easy access to everywhere.  My best experience was from the Hotel Guest Services Manager, Sarah Sorano.  Sarah really went out of her way to give me exceptional service.  I will certainly go back again just because of her.  Amazing manager and major asset for the hotel to have Sarah part of their team.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb!,This is our second stay at this hotel and everything was perfect again! Staff very friendly and accommodating! We even got a free upgrade on our recent visit as it was our anniversary. The room was clean and comfortable and everything we needed for an enjoyable experience. Breakfast was excellent!,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,42nd st Musical -Overnight stay,"The hotel thrives on its past, it is very grand and expensive, but on the good side a great location. Very handy for Covent Garden and the theatres. All within easy walking distance. The room was basic (Queen Deluxe) but we both felt that the bed was small and more like  standard size. Whilst the room had all the usual amenities it appeared dated and could do with a fresh coat of paint. But hey I only have to sleep there for one night so it will do.  We visited the restaurant in the evening and whilst I had a great meal my wife's meal was not acceptable, the meat was not cooked correctly, was not edible and she had to complain. We also visited the bar in the evening and again very pricey but nothing more than we expected, very comfortable and staff were very attentive but…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Personal Trip,"Told the hotel twice about an issue with the HVAC which was not addressed and unfortunately we needed to leave the windows open in downtown London which also means we needed to deal with the excessive noise outside.,",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but billing error,Nice room.  Welcoming staff.  Good Diamond benefits including room upgrade and Executive Lounge. Was able to check in early morning to get some rest.  Internet is spotty especially after 11 p.m.  A shame that there is a billing error for over $1000 and it is still not resolved.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary,"Spent the week-end there with my wife for a posh wedding anniversary and it's worth it. Our room (205) was luxurious and huge. The staff is very helpful and the location is great - very close to Covent Garden, so perfect for shopping.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, first class service & food","Great hotel, very friendly staff, good quality. & choice of food, breakfast, afternoon tea & dinner, excelant service. Good room with all facilities. Health club below hotel Cosy bar with great selection of drinks. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury Hotel,"Excellent Suite rooms with all high class amenities, too good for a family staying together. The buffet breakfast was unlimited, the hotel is very centrally located to Trafalgar Square at the side & Covent Gardens at the back where you had the best of restaurants, pubs & clubs",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,'The view is not so good',"Very quick stay on a Saturday night.  Our room was not ready when we came to check in at 3.00pm.  As we needed to change and go out immediately, we were offered an 'upgrade' to a room on their executive 'E' floor.  Great! We were warned that the 'view is not so good' from this room, but, staying only one night, we didn't feel this was an issue.  The 'not so good view' turned out to mean that the room had no window at all, just a dull frosted panel in a corner behind a curtain.  The room was well appointed & comfy, but felt like staying in a posh broom cupboard.  I don't know if all the rooms on the 'E' floor are the same, as this appears to be a mezzanine level that has been inserted between the ground and the first floor.   To summarize, a decent hotel.  However, DO NOT expect…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Posh Afternoon Tea,"I didn't stay here I just went for Afternoon Tea in the restaurant.  Hotel was fabulous and the service was great.  Very friendly waiter who looked after us.  Lovely choice of sandwiches and the cakes were delicious.  Lovely to hear the harpist playing in the background.  All in all I really enjoyed the experience.  I do have a couple of grumbles - the first was the length of time it took before we were served our food, our table was booked for 1.30 and whilst we received our drinks straight away it was almost an hour before the food arrived.  I also would have liked some more tea (or a pot of hot water).  these are minor grumbles though and did not spoil the overall experience.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London's finest ,"Starting my journey with Trip advisor and what better than my personal favourite in London. The hotel is finest in London South service, staff care and attention even the big names like Dorchester could fall short. Have stayed here at least 6 times and this is my seventh! Recommended to those with Love for. Old world charm",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury in London,"The staff make this already exceptionally good hotel a notch above any other Hilton we have stayed in.  We stayed in a junior suite with access to the Executive Lounge.  This is the best Exec Lounge we have experienced - food great, staff brilliant, very comfortable seating.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location and excellent hotel,"I normally stay in Hiltons for business and leisure and have tried several in the brand around London. Having stayed here a few times now it is my firm favourite. It can be pricey but the location and facilities justify the cost. The executive lounge serves excellent breakfasts and afternoon tea, and is also a nice place for a drink before heading out to Covent Garden or Leicester Square. The cocktail bar is good for people watching. There is a large gym and nice pool.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Central Hotel!,"We upgraded to a junior suite, which was good as we could then fit our cases in the room. The good thing about the hotel s the position, which is good for the restaurants and sights. We booked the executive floor, so we could get breakfast and pre-dinner drinks. It was a waste!, first night there, we couldn't even stand in the lounge it was that busy, so we have to leave. Second night we went in later, and the noise from a group loud, that people left. Nothing was done about it. You are also told to go for breakfast early otherwise there will not be room. They need to sort the executive lounge out. I would pay for it again.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The breakfast is amazingly good,"Even though it was a while ago. I have stayed at the hotel at least a 20 times. Many people write that it's expensive but I do not think it's more expensive than anything like similar hotels in central London. Feels more homey than many other similar hotels. At one time there was a high level of noise in the rooms facing the street. If you want to keep it quiet, ask for a room at the inner courtyard. The breakfast is amazingly good. If you book in advance you can usually buy an affordable package offer.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf hotel,Lovely hotel friendly staff.central to all the theatres and just a short walk to trafalga square..rooms are lovely and cosy..would love to stay again but a bit dear for me it's like the prices have doubled and that's without breakfast ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and big rooms,Love staying here because of the location. Room was lovely - bit disappointed that one of the towels was filthy but housekeeping quickly rectified it.  Gym busy but better facilities than the average London hotel gym ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well located business hotel,"Attended a conference nearby and the location of the Waldorf was excellent. A short walk from Covent Garden, it was convenient getting there on the Underground from the airport on Piccadilly line. The neighbourhood is pleasant, and we watched the musical Mama Mia right next door. Breakfast was a sumptuous English breakfast, and there was tea making facilities in the room. There is a gym and Swimming pool in the basement, although the pool was too small for laps.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Class Act!,"Go for the grandeur as well as personal touch. Within easy reach of theatre land, the pre-performance optional menu is worth a try. You'll enjoy the atmosphere and service but the food can be mediocre. Be prepared to splash out on wine deserve it, don't you?!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always Outstanding,Have been back every year and we are always more and more satisfied. The Club rooms are spacious and if you get to look onto Aldwych you will be very comfortable. The executive lounge is almost always overcrowded but bearable. By far the biggest asset of this hotel is still its awesome staff.The location helps too!,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, easy overnight stay","Stayed here recently and it was worthwhile going here, I had a few other options (this was on business) to go for.  Room was quirky, tiny window - literally, but it had what looked like a skylight (7th floor) - so actually I quite liked it.  The bar is good if not a bit cosy, but overall an enjoyable place and very nice staff (couldn't have been more helpful).",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London stay,"Great hotel in a great location,. Our room was ok with easy to control air con, comfy bed, with tea/coffee making facilities.   Nice bathroom with powerful shower, good it had a hair dryer too. Had nice night cap in the bar with wonderful cocktails.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"We arrived at the hotel about 2pm and was greeted in a friendly manner. The door man offered to take our bags and the receptionist check us in with speed. We were on the first floor in a executive suite and on entering it was spotlessly clean. The sofa bed was made into a bed as we had our two children with us. There was a toilet off the first room which was really handy when there is four in a room. The bathroom was huge with a tv over the bath and the bath products very luxurious. As we were in an executive room it meant we could use the lounge. We went up and they had put out afternoon tea, which comprised of sandwiches, cakes and scones with jam and cream. From 6pm to 8.30pm the lounge puts out canapés and drinks. We sat both nights enjoying wine and cheese whilst the…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the best stay we've had here,"I received an email offering the opportunity to check in online and found several rooms available in the category we'd booked. I was about to select one, but decided to contact the front desk to ask for details about the rooms before making my selection.  Unfortunately confusion reigned when we checked in at the hotel and it was an hour before we had a room. Having said this, the Guest Relations Manager did her best for us and we will contact her directly when we stay again in a few weeks.   Breakfast has usually been a hit and miss affair in the past, so we were pleasantly surprised with the first two mornings, and made a point of mentioning this to the Breakfast Manager. However breakfast on the morning of check out was very disappointing and frustrating, with almost cold…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Fantastic,"I booked a junior suite as a treat for my daughters birthday, it was more than I'd usually pay so I hoped it would live up to expectations. It did and so much more! The room was absolutely fantastic, huge with everything you could think of to make your stay comfortable. There was a TV in the bathroom, a separate bath & shower, 2 sinks & an excellent array of toiletries. There was a desk area, a walk in wardrobe & an enormous very comfortable bed. Unusually for London, the room was very quiet and I got the best nights sleep I've ever had in a hotel. Whilst the room was excellent what really made the stay stand out were the fantastic staff who were, without exception, friendly, polite and extremely helpful without being 'in your face'. The hotel itself has very successfully…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab cocktails,Spent a very pleasant evening in the cocktail bar. Lovely atmophere and drinks reasonable priced for the venue. Interesting vjoice of cocktails to try. Staff were attentive and polite. Would recommend and will return.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good and friendly,"For a business trip this is a good hotel, I would doubt if my room is suitable for holiday, a bit dark (small window) but very comfortabel and clean.  The breakfast is grand! like the service of all people involved   Close to the thames but a bit off a walk from the underground, you can always take a water taxi off course",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Never again, Westminster park plaza everytime","Booked waldorf for my birthday for me and friends as westminster park plaza was fully booked, I was looking forward to going somewhere new, never again disaster from the start, check in at 3pm no room not ready, receptionist was brilliant couldn't apologise enough and had a free drink, all good, room still not ready over an hour later, we got to room , no information about how to use air con, tv in fact no information at all, no hairdryer in room a necessity and a given even at a travel lodge, breakfast was included as had executive lounge access but as had late night decided on room service, called at 9 told be 40 mins , 1hr 15 mins later nothing , called room service said sorry be 20mins, still no breakfast after this time, called room service phone just rang out , called…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Real Treat,My husband and I and our two children (21 & 19) stayed at the Waldorf Hilton following a trip to the theatre to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child parts 1 & 2.  We thoroughly enjoyed our one night at this top London hotel which was an easy walk from Shaftsbury Avenue.  I was particularly pleased that the bedroom and bathroom (with window!!) both enjoyed a great deal of natural light unlike many other hotel rooms which are always in semi-darkness even with the lights on!  We also enjoyed the complimentary bottle of red wine and the chocolates!,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service and location for theater,We were very comfortable and the location  was central to the shows we went to. The room was an upgrade and had everything we needed for a perfect stay.A perfect place to stay on the West end of London.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel Stay.,Excellent stay overall. Upgraded to executive suite and well worth the money when you look at the additional perks. Location is perfect for many attractions and superb restaurants within 10 mins walking distance of the hotel. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Service,We spent four days at the Waldorf Hilton to celebrate a birthday.  The service provided by the staff and the appearance and presentation of the hotel were excellent. We would recommend the Hotel to everyone.Great service at an affordable price.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre Theatre drinks,Haven't been here for years. We were warmly welcomed at the main entrance by gentlemen in suits and bowler hats. We sat at a table just inside the hotel lobby and we were once again warmly welcomed  Where we stayed for an hour having pre theatre drinks which was a fabulous idea. The place was buzzing with a wedding convention going on. A very busy place and a must too for afternoon tea. I'll be back  Highly recommend ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely lived up to the name!,"We selected the Waldorf Hilton primarily because of its' location. Within walking distance of many entertainment options and restaurants. It it also located near two Tube stations and is a primary stop on several bus lines. We weren't disappointed. Navigating around London is a piece of cake from this hotel! Whenever we had transportation questions, the Bellmen proved very knowledgeable and pleased to assist. Our stay couldn't have been better.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome Place in a Outstanding Location,"This property is amazing, outstanding service, nice, cozy and clean rooms, just on the heart of London and a few blocks from Convent Garden. We stayed in a Executive suite which is huge with a huge and nice bathroom as well. The swimming pool is a nice relax for the end of the day. Worth the money.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Premium for the location and service is worth every cent,"Stayed for a couple of nights at the Waldorf as I wanted a central location where I could use the tube and walk to the pubs, restaurants and entertainment without the hassle of a car. This hotel provides all those advantages and many comforts.   The room was very comfortable and luxurious at the same time. Everything worked flawlessly, including the WiFi which can be hit and miss sometimes. The washroom could seriously use an exhaust fan. I had to pry open the window to get some fresh air in there but you can’t leave it open for long, unless you don’t care who’s looking in.  The breakfast on offer is good – Full English and continental although the service is too slow at times. You have to wait to be seated! C’mon folks, this is breakfast, not fine dining. The gentleman cooking…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nearly excellent,"August bank holiday 2 night regular trip arranged last November - for a treat we booked this fine hotel for my brother-in-law's 60th  We arrived with telling him we needed to sort out the arrangements for the Afternoon Tea  We were greeted at the front door and our bags taken smoothly away, superb service and realisation - his face was a picture - priceless We wanted to saviour the moment and had a couple of drinks at the front of the hotel. very relaxed - what a lovely start. After a trip around London we booked in. Two rooms near to each other, Clean fresh and ready for our stay. Lovely night sleep, followed by a gorgeous swim then a lovely breakfast.  I think it's a little cramp in the dinning room hard to get around from the seating area's as the next table is too close.…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Centre of Everything,"Great hotel close to several tube lines, as well as many buses that stop right out the front. Executive rooms worth paying extra for. The executive lounge gets a bit boring with the same items offered every morning and for afternoon tea, but worthwhile if you just need something small to tide you over. I was disappointed that there is no room service after 11pm, can be difficult to find something to eat at that time of night. I had an enjoyable stay, loved the location.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hotel London,"The staff at this hotel are wonderful From the minute we stepped out of the taxi, we were greeted and looked after. Everyone was so friendly, nothing was too much trouble. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to stay in central London.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WORTH THE MONEY,"this hotel is fabulous, it isn't cheap but there you are it  is what it is, great food and wine, fab rooms, beds are to die for .... quieter rooms at the back as the aldwych is a very busy road 24\7, grab a show whilst you're here, easy walking distance enjoy",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, friendly staff ","I have not been at the Waldorf for a while and must say that it is still worth a visit. Executive lounge is great, location near Holborn station is really Central and the staff was extremely friendly. Rooms are in a good shape.  FYI: Holborn station is closed until end of the year from 8:30-10:00am which caused some trouble for me (of course not the hotels fault, but maybe good to know)",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"Great as always. Bell staff brillant. Was a slight misunderstanding about a request for an upgraded room, but was resolved immediately by front desk. Probably lack of communication on both sides when we checked in. Room was fabulous and a 6a checkout was handled brillantly by front desk and bell staff.  Always a pleasure staying with Hilton.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location!","The hotel is situated in a great location - you can walk to many nearby top London attractions, theaters and lots of restaurants.  We arrived a bit early and they had a room for our friends but not for us until later.  All staff we encountered were extremely nice and we enjoyed the Executive Suite, the free cell phones and breakfast was wonderful.  The room was nice, but I did not care for the very tiny shower with a rain shower head - I kind of felt like I was drowning.  Since we were there for three nights I should have requested a change but we were out all day and too tired to deal with that when we returned.  Our friends had tub with shower head so keep that in mind if you don't like the rain head.  Comfy bed and overall quiet except for a running water sound from above. …",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Although the hotel was a little pricey, it was in a very good location - surrounding area was nice for walking, the room was lovely, staff provided exceptional service and we all enjoyed the pool. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location with bad housekeeping,"Last year's 4 nights stay in hotel was a pleasant surprise and without any doubts I had booked hotel for 5 nights this year again. Location was a major factor as well as very good housekeeping. Hotel of course needs some face lift, but bathrooms are in better shape, front desk and executive lounge supervisor Alvaro were very nice and helpful this time as well. My family stay however was overshadowed by very poor housekeeping. The maids were coming to clean our suite between 4:30-5PM whilst we were resting or in a process of getting ready to the theater. All our requests to make our place earlier ended up in maid coming to clean at 3:00PM last day of our stay asking us whether we are the people who complained about bad housekeeping. Front desk personnel explained to us that…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shocking Hotel ....,"For us, the staff make or break any hotel stay & upon arrival at this hotel the first port of call was the doorman ! Although you have to be quick getting out of your st the front entrance in between buses, taxis & pedestrians it's such a busy location you can hardly hear yourself - the valet is a joke and £ 50 per night for the privilege - the doorman wanted paying every time he opened the front door for us I instantly knew we was going to have trouble ! We had 2 rooms booked & wanted to be central - the rooms were not quite ready & then by chance they was, the rooms allocated were tiny in fact one was like a half of room with a drop ceiling kerb in it making it tight for 2 people,  I called to reception & the receptionist was so rude - I told her we was a family of 3 in one…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spoilt for choice.,"Had a voucher for a gin tasting/afternoon tea. Taken to the Good Godfrey's bar and lounge and given a menu for 16 different gins of which we could choose four to sample. Although two of my choices were unavailable , the two replacements I chose I liked best. Once the tasting was over we chose what tea we wanted and got a plate with two scones each and a small dish of cream/jam. Not quite the 'afternoon tea' I was expecting, rather a cream tea. Could have done with a couple of sandwiches to soak the gin up, Hic.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Great Hotel,It's not the cheapest option but you do get value for money when you consider the quality of the service and it's location right in the heart of the town. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a pleasant family stay.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,My 3rd stay at this excellent hotel and my wife came with me this time.  Location great for her to wander round Covent Garden and to get on the Hop on Hop off Bus just next to the hotel.  Great Executive Lounge with excellent food and wide range of drinks....really attentive staff throughout,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazyng service, with nice and polyde staff","I was on a tour trip in London with my family, and after a long and exosting day, we decided to have a diner at the Waldorf Hilton hotel  bar  Good Godfreys. Everyting was perfect, starting from the welcoming of the guest, continuing with the service of the drinks, and ending with the perfect selection of food we had. The waiter Hristomir Hristov was perfect, starting from the recomendetion of the drinks, and finishing with the choose of canapies and sandwiches for our family dinner. Thank you verry much my frien hope we will see you soon. Me and my family definitlly will come back, to feel the same expirience we hade. Good luck Waldorf Hilton, and thank you !",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay💎😀💎😁,From the moment you turn up till you leave just class and the rooms are well as you would guess just lovely from the decor to the extras you get in the room best sleep out of my own bed and when you go to leave they even get you a taxi and the advice for where to go for a meal and places to visit was very helpful the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about the areas in London and outside of London the kids loved it as well it's very Family friendly will definitely go back next time in London. ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely smart hotel,"Just got back from spending Saturday night at this hotel.  Had booked it with points for my husbands birthday  was first time staying at this property and we were both really looking forward to it.  Our first impression with Vivienne at reception was outstanding.  She was warm, chatty provided a free upgrade:) and also upon finding out it was my husbands birthday she sent cake to the room ....which I promptly ate! The room was fairly small, but clean, nice amenities but quite a lot of storage so we weren't tripping over everything.  We had use of the Exec lounge which was nice but did get quite busy but the facilities in there were quite good.  Overall I would definitely stay there again, the service, rooms and location were great and we felt really looked after by all staff we…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,As good as ever,"Another short stay at the Waldorf. Nothing changes. The service is excellent, the food very good. Why stay anywhere else if you want to stay in London? It's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for. And, what a location. Covent Garden, Theatre land, West end shopping all close by. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay at Iconic Hotel In London,"The Waldorf in London is beautiful, there is no doubting that. The iconic exterior of the building does not however go into the hotel itself.  I did expect a more 1920's art deco/with modern twist to it but it is just a modern hotel with pictures of Grace Kelly and other iconic 1920's, 30's and 40's film stars.  We had a room overlooking the interior of the hotel which was very disappointing, it would have been nice to have had a view of London landmarks but I guess they would have been expensive. The Kingsize bed was extremely comfortable and the room very pleasant with everything you would expect to have in the room.  However, my partner had ordered champagne on our arrival and extra pillows and we received neither....needless to say once he complained a complimentary bottle…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location! Awesome service!,"From the second we stepped out of the cab, we were greeted warmly. Every single member of the staff made a point to say hello and ask if they could be of service. The hotel itself was just what we were hoping for... unique and classy, but still comfortable for a family with teens. The location was perfect. I would definitely stay here again if I have the opportunity to be in London again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with room,"Stayed here for the weekend for my daughters 15th birthday. I took her and her best friend shopping and to see Mamma Mia which was on the corner so perfectly located.  We arrived at 3pm but there was a problem and our room was no longer available. After the reception got help from another member of staff and 10 minutes of waiting we were advised they'd need to prepare another room and add another bed. We were given drinks vouchers and asked to wait in the bar. We waited for an hour and the girls were getting rather restless. We finally got our keys but our room was tiny and after an hour's wait still no sign of the extra bed we'd sat so long waiting for? I'd booked a king executive room but this was not much larger than a normal room, girls were quite disappointed. Finally a man…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A sure thing in central London,"Not the first time and definitely not the last - great rooms, always nice upgrade, impeccable service and great bar (can get crowdy at times but ok), also exec lounge and its breakfast is really good, great gym, my preferred place when in London on business....",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We always enjoy our return to this hotel.,We never cease to be impressed by this hotel and the warmth of welcome the staff give you. The Executive Lounge is excellent although it can be crowded at times. The food in the restaurant and the attention to detail was first class. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a nice welcome!,"Always get a really warm welcome at this hotel and feel looked after. It has good facilities with a good sized gym, pool, executive lounge, etc. The rooms are generally quite large. The hotel can get quite busy at peak periods.   Only negative comment and reason for not giving 5 stars is that sometimes the furnishing, etc. can be a little tired. Sometimes taking the old/traditional a bit too far! ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel with excellent customer service.,We stayed in two rooms as a family with many small children. The staff went out of their way to help accomodate us for our trip to London.  Thank you very much for making our trip a memorable experience!,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing 10 year wedding anniversary celebration,"We recently stayed at the Waldorf to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary, having previously got married at the Waldorf all those years ago. I initially made contact with the hotel to see if it was possible to arrange something special to mark the occasion and I have been absolutely overwhelmed by the response. I was contacted by Adina in the events management team who kindly took care of all the arrangements which included our booking in the Astor suite as well as a private dinner in the Palm Court where the chef recreated our wedding menu. Adina was fantastic in making sure all the arrangements were in place and everything ran smoothly on the day. From the moment we arrived we were welcomed by Sarah at guest relations who congratulated us on our celebration and escorted…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memorable Trip fo Mother and Son,"What a wonderful experience my son and I had at this hotel last week. I initially chose this hotel due to the location being near the theatres and Covent Garden.   From the minute we stepped up to the entrance on the Tuesday to the time we left Wednesday tea time, we felt like we were treated to the best service and facilities possible.    We initially arrived and our room was not ready, we were early.  The staff on the desk provided us with a warm smile and wonderful experience by giving us complimentary drinks while we waited for our room.  My son was particularly wowed by the mocktail! When we arrived at our room we were very impressed by the space and quality of it.  To then have a knock at the door where a special cake arrived was, for my son, an amazing treat which was…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"I have points to use so stayed here after our cruise, they did not have any room ready so they told us they will text us as soon as a room is ready.  Dropped off our luggage and went to the British Museum.  They never send us any text so we went back to the hotel a little before 3:00pm.  I asked about the upgrade and the lady politely pointed out since I did the digital checkin they would not upgrade me.  What?  She finally upgraded us but did I have to ask?  If your plan includes theaters then this is a good place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel!,We spent 4 nights in London.  We found this hotel to be centrally located to the musicals and plays we were seeing.  Delicious restaurants nearby as well as shopping.  Staff were lovely and our room was comfortable.  Highly recommend.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"One very small ""annoyance"" other than that perfection.","3rd stay at The Waldorf and by far the best! Our room (701) was opposite the lift and as such we expected to hear a lot of corridor noise, which was a problem the last time we stayed, but not this time. The room itself was larger than previous rooms (not sure what classification of room this was)?  As usual, the bed was so comfortable, ensuring a good nights sleep. Nice touches with the room: Able to hear the TV via the speaker in the bathroom (this didn't work the last time we stayed)  Night light in the room and the bathroom Usual great selection of toiletries.  Ironing board and iron. Nice complimentary tea and coffee tray an addition to the room since our last visit - a ""smartphone"" which one can take out and about, as well as making calls and browsing the internet.…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really Good-treated us well,"Many thanks to Sylvia and Esther in the Executive lounge. Sylvia for helping me take four takeaway coffees in the morning to my room for early morning coffee. Esther for looking after us in the e ending and re-arranging my next stay for a better room. Miri at reception for being so nice and Hanah from guest service relAtions who also looked after us. Also the rest of the staff who were also kind.  We came with our grandchildren for the theatre. Everything was fine. I note thE hotel now uses TempleSpa bathroom products, a considerable upgrade from Hiltons Thomas Roth products.  Hope the standard maintains the same on our return this Wednesday ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea at the Waldorf,"This was a gift for my wife's birthday and without doubt the experience was made the more enjoyable due to the high standard of service given by all the staff. There was ample food for the two of us, and as much tea as we could want for.  The atmosphere within the restaurant was very relaxing with excellent live harp renditions of various Edwardian classics. The staff were attentive without being overbearing, but special mention should be given to the on-duty manager Liam who was very pragmatic and kind when we hadn't brought all the correct paperwork with us.  I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel's afternoon tea.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand old lady,"Right in the heart of the theatre district and within walking distance to a lot of major attractions. Room was comfy with huge bed, fluffy good quality towels and amenities. You can feel the history through the old floorboards that almost speak to you as they groan under your feet. Great service throughout and scrumptious breakfasts.  Only negative was in the executive lounge where the food was not replenished and very small selection other than that this is a truly a grand old lady.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location and luxury near Covent Garden","I booked a standard room but was enticed to upgrade to a slightly larger Queen room. The hotel is gorgeous and oozes quality. When our room wasn't available for check in, the reception staff gave us a complimentary drinks voucher for use in the bar. That was an unexpected and welcome result. The room was cosy but comfortable. The bathroom was stylish too.   I'm not a big fan of hotel rooms where the doors are right opposite the bed, so that would be my only criticism. Outside the hotel doesn't disappoint. Just 5 minutes walk from the bustling Covent Garden, the location is superb for sightseeing around London.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous service. Fabulous location.,"Arriving at the Hilton Waldorf was exciting. A grand looking hotel a stone's throw from the bustle of Covent Garden market. The decor in the main reception area and bar is lovely. It is an old hotel so there are a couple of tired areas where a quick lick of paint would make an immediate difference, but this is a minor thing. The gym is huge and very well equipped. The pool is a good size.  Staff & service: Wonderful A doorman in formal dress and hat greeted me with a smile and took my case to reception. The ladies at reception were pleasant and polite. I was very early so understandably my room was not ready. Denise offered me an upgrade to a superior room as a room was ready. I was happy to pay the additional cost (heavily discounted for Hilton Honours members). Robert took my…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quintessentialy English,"Get what you pay for- comfort, safety, privacy, & respect  Beautiful hotel with a perfect location for Covent Garden and theatre land Expensive bar but excellent service  Quality rooms, knowledgable concerge ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely in London,A great hotel in a very accessible location.  Very friendly staff that were very attentive to detail and ensuring our stay was exceptional! Th room was very spacious with a lovely view of London.  The Lounge was a very nice amenity to have after touring around all day and having some relaxing time before dinner and after.  The hotel is about a 5 minute walk to Temple tube station and less than 10 minutes to get to Victoria station.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Center of Everything,"Easy Access to Attractions and Businesses and Excellent Service Quality. Staff were friendly professional.  Room was small but understandably so. Business Lounge access is limited, even to guest saying for 2 weeks plus.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great break in London,"What a lovely experience.  I live in London and have visited, eaten and stayed at  some beautiful locations. I will add this experience amongst one of the best,  the staff were so friendly and sweet but the food was yum. I would definitely try to have this experience again. 5 stars. ..",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The London Waldorf Facre (Hilton versus Astoria),"Don't be fooled by the name as the Waldorf Hilton which by no means or stretch of the imagination comes close to its namesake the Waldorf Astoria. They are happy to trade off the 5 star name, but aim to deliver nothing more than a 3 star service. The location is stunning, but the 'Make It Right' doctrine at the Hotel install a level of impotence and laissez faire attitude by staff. After leaving the Hotel am none the wiser as to why so many credit card transactions have been processed multiple times. Even the staff, who initiated them, are unable to cast clarity on this.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","We only stayed here for two nights. The room was clean but could do with a bit of redecorating, good size and the bed was nice and comfortable. The location is perfect for the theatre district, I would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends and family",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent stay,I decided to celebrate my birthday as a weekend away with a friend. It was an amazing experience . The staff at the check in desk was very friendly and welcoming. Everything that I needed to know was explained in a very professional and friendly manner. The room was spacious and very clean. The bathroom was in good condition clean with everything I needed to feel comfortable. Quick internet access. Great view from the window. Fresh clean towels and robes . After getting settled in we made our way down to the restaurant to enjoy afternoon tea which was more than I expected . The service was excellent such a lovely experience . We then went out to enjoy the location. We visited Covent garden which had so much to offer. After shopping around we then went back to our room to relax…,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well worth a visit,"Warm, efficient and friendly welcome. Room very clean and provided everything we needed, lots of towels, tea, coffee, still and sparkling water. Didn't use the mini bar. Bed comfortable. Love the aged mirrors throughout the hotel and the champagne cocktails are fairly priced and taste lovely. Nothing was too much trouble. In my top 3 London hotels",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre weekend ,We decided to give this hotel a try for an extra treat with the theatre.  The atmosphere has an old world 1920s feel to it.  The room itself was very pleasant although we did have a couple of issues during our stay and the responses we had were very lukewarm but I will say that the staff in the bar and the man who served us afternoon tea was exceptional and counteracted the negative treatment we had received.  The location to the theatre district and Covent Garden was perfect so I cannot fault that.  All in all we had a fantastic weekend and although the hotel is pretty costly I would probably stay there again.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton,"I managed to stay here last night. A very fine hotel, with excellent service. Gold Honors secured upgrade of room from Standard to Deluxe, Executive room & lounge access was £50 fee. Exec lounge was good, but too small. At busy periods (breakfast & evening canapés) double the tables and seats would have been needed to match demand.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Favorite Hotel,Best hotel and staff ever. This is our third stay here and each visit has been remarkable.   We always get a junior suite with Executive Lounge privileges and it never disappoints.   Perfect location.  Will continue to stay here.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay....Great Location,We had a wonderful stay here.   Great Location!    Was so easy to take the hop on/hop off bus right outside our hotel.    Great shopping nearby.    Hotel is beautiful.   Staff is very friendly and they were so helpful.   Situation in theater district so lots of choices for lunch/dinner.   The staff would leave chocolates for the kids....cookies...hot chocolate it was great!  Love it.    Totally recommend it.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Broken elevator, broken tv, broken AC, unhelpful staff...oh dear","Our recent stay at the Waldorf in London was shockingly bad. The room that we had was barely large enough to fit the king size bed, the bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom. The air conditioning was broken and when we called housekeeping to ask them about it they told us to, ""turn if off and turn it back on and then wait a while to see if that fixed it."" It didn't. I called the front desk to see if they could move us and was informed that, ""the hotel was completely full and this was an impossible request."" So an hour later (at 10:00 pm) I called back after turning off/back on the AC as it did not work, they sent an engineer and he took one look at it and said that it was not fixable that evening and he would bring us a fan. The view out of the window was of a brick wall,…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"Totally recommend it. Great food and excellent staff. Very comfortable beds. We stayed for one night as it was my husband's 60th and it lived up to our expectations. We had dinner and breakfast, the food was delicious and the service very good indeed.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic anniversary stay,"Exellent hotel in a great location for sites and sounds of London. Staff were classy, couldn't do enough and they made our visit very special with some classy touches. Room lovely and exec lounge very relaxing to have afternoon tea and then breakfast in the morning.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatre land,"Situated in theatre land on Aldwych ,close to Thames, Somerset House and only ten minute walk from Covent Garden and Holborn tube stations its a very good location. Reception was very good and room seemed to be recently refurbished positioned at rear of property with not a nice view of air con units. Bit of noise from corridor I guess because its old hotel. Room not overly large but clean and practical with decent bathroom.Would have liked a coffee machine instead of just a kettle at this level.Did not use pool or restaurant at the hotel.For me this hotel is average because the public areas are just ordinary and small , no really nice bar or lounge and tight entrance area. I think their is better quality in London at these room rates.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant value,"Considering its location and history, this was stunning value for money.  Easy walking to Covent Garden and on to Oxford Street.... and some excellent postprandial cocktails in the bar to finish off the evening.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Five Star Service,"We recently spent a night at this 5 star hotel and received 5 star service, the young lady on reception was so helpful and welcoming. our room was clean and furnished to a very high standard with all the extras you would expect to find in a high quality hotel. The buffet breakfast next morning was good and what you would expect to find in any Hilton hotel catering for all tastes. The on-site gym and pool were an added bonus, the only small criticism was that the signage from the gym area to the pool could be made much clearer as you tend to try different doors to find how to access the pool, however when you do get there it is well worth the trouble. If you intend staying in London and want to treat yourselves to a top of the range hotel then the Waldorf is the one, very central…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic charm,"Just returned having spent an excellent weekend in London staying at The Wardoff Hilton. A fabulous hotel which retains a lot of its original features not least of which is it's excellent customer service. We were fortunate enough to stay in 1 of the executive rooms which had every thing we could possibly of wanted plus the most comfortable bed I have slept in. Had a very good breakfast the next morning with plenty of options to suit all tastes but did have to ask 3 times for coffee to served at our table, be aware that the restaurant is very popular especially between 9.30 & 10.30. As others have said the hotel is very conveniently located especially for theatre  land. I for one very hope to stay here again hopefully soon, next I'll bring my swimming trunks & will checkout…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Afternoon Tea,"Disappointing Afternoon Tea as part of Birthday celebration, compared to other hotels we felt the tea was quite basic for such a lovely hotel. I initially booked for two people and when I asked a few days before we went I was told they would make the addition although fully booked but when we arrived very few tables were taken. The sandwiches​ were  quite nice, we had one very small pot of jam and cream between three of us and the fancy cakes were far too sweet (several left on other tables as well as ours). We were not asked if we wanted anything more of anything and spent several minutes trying to attract the attention of a waiter to ask for our teas to be topped up with water and were not asked if we would like to take home the scones and cakes we had not eaten. The only…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay!,"We stayed in the kings executive suite and it was brilliant! Definitely recommend it, beautiful room. 3 TVs with one in the bathroom perfect for use when your in the big sized tub. Plenty of wardrobe space and the comfiest beds I've ever been in.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely staff and amazing afternoon tea and breakfast!","I stayed here on the 31st July, and was checked in by Carmen(I think that was her name?). Carmen done an excelling job checking me in, she was very fast, sociable and efficient overall. I was surprised she was In training!!!  The afternoon tea was a little pricey, but really nice! The ambience was amazing, I especially loved the harp playing as it added a very  sophisticated touch. There was one gentleman who I unfortunately can't remember his name (tall suited young guy) who was so nice and helpful in the tea room.   I was in room 733 and it met all of my needs. The only thing I could say to maybe improve on was the signal slightly on the television & the window in the room. I would have maybe preferred one with more of a view as the window was extremely small, however, these…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel with classic charm,"Our stay was wonderful. It was for my husband birthday so it was a great surprise for him. He was verynimoressed with the hotel (having previously discounted it as the website does not do the rooms justice). Staff were Great, the executive king room was immaculate and the gym is state of the art. We will stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Only CHARM and LUXURY,"Amazing time at Waldorf London celebrating our wedding anniversary.  One feels the grandeur and luxury as soon as you step in the front door.  Friendly welcome and speedy check in. Suite was heaven as were the luxury Temple SPA toiletries.  What a treat.  The Bar downstairs was full of character like a exclusive gentlemen club and the cocktails were top class. Breakfast the next day was really good, plenty of coffee, toast and fresh fruits and all with a smile.  Be aware the restaurant does get very busy.  The best part for me was the swimming pool; it was like going back to the 1920s. Total luxury. We were spoilt.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family room. ,"We really enjoyed the hotel. The fabulous locality made getting around so easy. The concierge were absolutely fantastic, and eager to please and help. Delightful!   We moved rooms to get a better view, which was made easy when we phoned the front desk to question why we had requested a front view. They moved is straight away.   The food served at breakfast was delicious and we didn't feel at all rushed.   My husband would definitely stay here again, with or without our children. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The location is great for central London but some things to work on,"This couple of Aussies are recently loyal to Hilton and booked three nights at the Waldorf Hilton from an Internet search. Location - if you want to be in the heart of London - was excellent. Easy walk to Covent Garden and other tube stations, theatre, restaurants, and the rest. We had a room on the 7th and top floor (731 I think) which had two port hole windows only so somewhat claustrophobic and very compact. Not sure what other rooms were like. Other positives were the staff and the ambience. The lifts are a negative - three in total with one out of action for the duration of our stay and one other small and the slowest we have encountered. Don't mean to be negative - we enjoyed our stay and as said previously location is a big plus.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Real Experience of London,From the moment you step out of the taxi at the main reception doors you are greeted with a smile and staff members who can't do enough to assist you. The check in experience was seamless and quick before entering my room that was extremely clean and equipped with every amenity you could wish for. All in all my time out and about in London was made even more memorable with my stay at the Waldorf.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Totally amazing,"Superb service from beginning to end. I mentioned when booking that I was gluten intolerant and the waitress took me through the menu, explaining what each consisted of and how they could be adapted to be gluten free. Food, ambience and service was second to none. Thank you",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay in London,we had a wonder stay  Great hotel and fantastic location wonderful front desk staff  love the rooms very friendly staff close to all the shows and tourist attractions in London we will be back soon to this wonderful hotel,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic hotel with Excellent staff,"From start to finish the staff at this property was top notch. The morning we arrived they had had an issue the night before with the fire alarm guests were outside for some time for safety. Needless to say there were some unhappy guests in the morning. Due to these issues our room was not ready upon our arrival. The hotel extended late checkout for the guests affected. We watched as the staff dealt with all the adversity in a positive and professional manner.  The guest relations manager Natasha was wonderful and should be commended for her ability to problem solve. She was excellent. Sonny with the concierge desk was a consummate professional and has the uncanny ability to remember most if not all guests names, this is a gift. Rubin in the executive lounge was very helpful…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Could do better,"We have stayed in the Waldorf before, on this occasion not so good... great location for all London has to offer..   Im still right in thinking this is a five star hotel? When you pay for a room for two nights you are expecting five star service.. which offers a full turn down service.. we didn't receive one, which was a shock coming back late in the evening. When asking have you stopped the turn down, the reception staff were fantastic.. although they seem to think we suffer from the old, you must have left the do not disturb sign on .. no we didn't.  the same happens the second evening, which makes me feel they have stopped a turn down service but not told anyone.. so Id suggest you check.  Our room was also opposite the storeroom, so early morning wake up calls of trolleys…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Excellent location where you can have a good night' s sleep. Afternoon Tea is especially for those with a sweet tooth. The Restaurant serves good plain English food.  T Bone and filet steaks which we had were a bit small for the price but not bad.  The cocktails were a bit disappointing so we ended up drinking plain old gin and tonics. Would stay here again but only because of the location.     Will probably eat and drink elsewhere.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A night we were visited with two 4 legged fuzzy friends,"We went to London for 11 days, and stayed at the Hilton Waldorf. On our 2nd night we were woke up by 2 rats chewing on our belongings. My husband went down stairs and told the staff,they said they would move us to another room the next day. They did. But to us this room was not as nice as the first.They said it was were were on the 5th floor first but they moved us to the 2nd floor where we had the street noise. They did take offone night for the rats keeping us up and could not sleep. We did not let our 8year old granddaughter know about the rats that visited us, because she would never be comfortable there for the rest of our stay. This was a hard move because we were all unpacked and settled in, and had to repack and unpack again. The closest in the new room was the third…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location for Covent Garden, theatres","Diamond member got an upgrade to a deluxe room. Executive lounge access great, 2-5.30 afternoon tea (sandwiches and cakes), evening 6-8.30 chicken wings, samosas, salads, drinks: processco, wine, beers in bottles and lots of spirits. Evening very busy early on. Saturday night. Breakfast we took in restaurant really good selection. Lounge or restaurant they told us at check in. Check in staff quick and helpful, concierge let us leave bags next day no problem. Would recommend without hesitation.   Only negative no USB socket to charge things ... I should have taken my plug. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Ruby As overstay Stay,"A three night stay to celebrate our Ruby Wedding Anniversary. Enjoyed our room with access, as a Diamond member,  to the Executive lounge. We ate our breakfasts in the main restaurant which has more choice and you are served various items. The lounge provides afternoon tea each day with sandwiches - four kinds- fruit cake and scones with Devon cream and jam. In the evening there are canapés and biscuits and cheese, along with Free wine/spirits. Tea and coffee are available all day long. The hotel is wonderfully close to Covent Garden and other well known London attraction. We took in the delightful 'Half a Sixpence' musical in the West End. A question about our visit elicited a delightful chocolate gateaux in our room on the day our anniversary. THANK YOU for a great stay. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good London Location, Comfortable Hotel, Good Breakfast.","This is a very busy central London Hilton, often used for many corporate events. However, you are reasonably well protected from the general day-to-day busyness, the staff are very attentive and the hotel is set up for most needs. The room was fine, breakfast was excellent and although the hotel is quite old it is clean and modern and very well-kept. I would not hesitate to recommend people to stay here whether on business or pleasure and the price was also reasonable for central London.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very nice present for our wedding,"We were treated to a night in an executive room with access to the executive lounge. Our room was beautiful, very tastefully decorated. The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean. Location was perfect. Staff were pleasant and helpful. The executive lounge was very good indeed in which we could help ourselves to a wide range of drinks and snacks. We met some nice people in there which complemented our experience. It was all paid for so we don't know how much it cost but it certainly wouldn't be cheap. However you do get what you pay for. We really enjoyed our stay. The only minor gripe was the lifts were very slow. We think it would be nice to return as it was quality.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad communication!,"This was our 4th stay at The Waldorf and the most disappointing!  We stayed for my birthday celebrations  Concierge & front desk staff were friendly and helpful. Decided not to book for breakfast as found it bad value for money on our last stay Godfrey's bar have a good range of Vodkas and Gins but unfortunately they use a tonic water that just spoils premium Vodkas and Gin! I cannot believe a bar like this would not use Fever Tree, if you are paying around £14 pounds for a vodka and tonic you would expect the best The fire alarm went off at 3.40 in the morning....very scary! We were on the 4th floor, came out of our room and made our way down the stairs. I found it unbelievable that there were no staff present to guide people! We spent 2 hours outside in the street, there was…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Solid 4,"The hotel has a lot going for it.  The location is unbeatable. Close to EVERYTHING - shows, museums, top sights and of markets. We were able to walk everywhere   The rooms are spacious and clean, the beds comfortable, they have a decent breakfast and nice bar.  So why only four stars? Because for the price they charge we we expected top notch service, and the service - while good - wasn't perfect.  Little things like giving us a hard time when we wanted to all sit together at breakfast, putting chocolate by our bed only the first night and other examples.  Bottom line -- a very nice stay, but not a five star experience ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top of the Line with some minor issues ,"I am a Hilton Diamond member who stayed for two nights in July 2017.  First night I was in 221 and second night in E10.  The rooms are very modern and warmly appointed and the beds are incredible.  They have everything covered from a minibar in the room, umbrellas for use, great television service, superb customer service and a location that is just incredible.  The E10 room I was moved to was one of the best and most comfortable hotels rooms I have ever stayed in.    A few things to be aware of:  - 3 lifts (one was down for repair so things were a little slow) that go as high as floor 7.  To access 8th floor you must take it to 7 and walk up a flight of stairs.  - While the executive lounge is nice, I found the free full breakfast for diamond in the restaurant a much better and…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, well located for Theatres","Beautiful hotel with fantastic service, especially bar staff! Rooms were delightful, spacious and cleanliness to usual Hilton standard. Concierge in Exec lounge was fantastic, very attentive. Food and drink in Exec lounge also wonderful. Down side was lack of leisure facilities. The gym was excellent but I guess most people don't want to use that on a weekend break, so a spa, sauna, steam room etc would have been lovely, but they only have a pool, so that let it down slightly.  Would definitely go back to this hotel if price was right - it is a bit expensive, but it is London I guess.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakfast was a disappointment,"There were some really good parts of my stay and some very poor parts too. We stayed one night as part of my partner's birthday celebrations. Check in was efficient and friendly and, as a Hilton Gold member, I was upgraded to the next category of room which I always appreciate.   Our room on the eighth floor was clean and tidy with a very clean, modern, light and spacious bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and very easy to get to sleep on. Shortly after we arrived a small birthday treat was delivered for my partner which was much appreciated.  Unfortunately the swimming pool closes at 6pm at weekends therefore we were not able to make use of that. Early Sunday morning at 3.45am the fire alarm was activated forcing a full evacuation of the hotel. There was a fault with the…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, friendly staff","I spent some days in this hotel this month, I had a good experience with the staff and the location of the hotel (very close to Theatres and turistic attractions. Hotel is clean, gym is good and pool is available most of the day.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quintessentially London - a hotel with real character.,"I've stayed here many times but never got round to reviewing. This is one of my favourite hotels in London absolutely everything about it is good but my favourite part is breakfast, it's simply one of the best hotel breakfasts I've had!! The pool and gym are excellent too as are the bars. I've stayed in just about every type of room in this place apart from the top suites and they've all been spotlessly clean with really comfortable beds and many of them have unique features too which helps give the place it's unique charm and character. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"Fire alarm going off at 3.40am. Spent 2 hrs on the street! No staff around. No communication just chaos and confusion! We got more information from the firemen than we did from any staff member! Whilst I can appreciate public safety, it was obvious the hotel & staff had no training in how to react to an emergency situation which is very worrying - we were on 7th floor so it was a very scary situation. We paid a lot of money for about 2hrs in bed and their only compensation was to extend breakfast by 1 hour! What a joke! I've since sent a complaint email and guess what - no response!! So stay here at your peril!!!  ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired and dirty suite and unacceptable service,"Stayed in the junior suite (which was dated and dirty) - two towels were soiled, the carpet and sofa stained and the cupboards were full of dust. Air conditioner wasn't working. Room service staff (Edgar) was extremely rude and aggressive. I recommend staying next door at the friendly, professional and trendy One Aldwych Hotel, loved the spa and the staff were warm and inviting.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful afternoon tea,I celebrated my dad's 80th birthday today at the Waldorf and I was not disappointed.  Free flowing champagne and great service from professional staff.  A good spread of sandwiches on lovely bread and fabulous home made scones.  My dad even got a little birthday cake with a candle in it.   I would highly recommend afternoon tea here.  Very reasonably priced and no complaints at all.  ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Heart of theatreland,"Great location, close to all main theatres and Covent garden. Staff were verybhelful and polite. Afternoon tea was fantastic but huge, could have served twice as many people. Will definitely  be back soon.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old and tired..... hotel has seen better days ,Great location in London. As a diamond member I like to try new location in cities That I frequently visit.  However the hotel pictures make the property look much better than reality.  The staff is sporting out dated uniforms that match there marginal service ability. My interactions from the moment I checked in at the front desk until I checked out was unimpressive.  I had a real special treat on 7/23 they had two false fire alarms at 3-5am and dumped all the guest out on cold the street with a plastic blanket.  The evacuation was unorganized with very little details being shared during the evacuation process. No compensation was offered for the two false alarms and the inconvenience. Needless to say I won't be staying here again in the the future. I will stay at the W or at…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location in the centre of London, very English, good service by the staff, we received an upgrade was was appreciated. Nice rooms, lovely and very comportable beds. Good breakfast. Nice bar with live music.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding reception ,"We attended a wedding reception and was very disappointed with the hotel from the doorman to the service staff so rude and don't care attitude. We asked the doorman that ""we are attending an event in the hotel can you suggest us if there was a hotel parking"". Our mistake he was so rude and unhelpful, his reply was ""find the space and park""! Is this a reply you expect from 5* hotel staff? Once at the wedding reception, we found the service staff were just as rude and unhelpful...many times we asked for a high chair for our baby were told it was coming but never came, we asked a manager he bluntly refused and said if it was not ordered before we can't arrange it, I mean really was this so difficult! ....While I was still having my dinner waiter approached me and asked if he could…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Post cruise hotel,"Stayed at The Waldorf Hilton in the west end after a 2 week cruise. Near lots of Resturant's and theaters. Walked to London Eye and the British Museum. Nice hotel, rooms a little small but nice bar and great staff. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,We stayed for a couple of nights for my birthday.  The hotel left me birthday cake which was much appreciated.  All the staff were very friendly and we were able to check in early without a problem.   The position of the hotel is an absolute plus being so central to the West End. We only stayed for 2 nights so didn't make use of any facilities.  We had a lovely quiet room as we had requested to be at the back of the hotel.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury experience,"This hotel is absolutely beautiful! The staff are so lovely and welcoming, always have a smile on their faces and dedicated to guest satisfaction. The restaurant experience stood out to me. My partner's portion was extremely small and so unfortunately he had to eat again shortly after, but mine was so delicious and very filling! The staff in there were also very attentive.  We are definitely looking to return!!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Duped by the name,"Go ahead and stay here for the name. But don't expect a hotel that lives up to the Waldorf brand or the Hilton standard.  Pros:  -Delightful front of the house staff. The doormen, bell hops and concierge are all top notch, delightfully friendly, and very helpful.  -Clean, spacious rooms.  -Big bath towels.  -Plenty of television stations from which to choose.  -Grand exterior of the building.  -The chauffeur service associated with the hotel is exactly as it should be for a hotel of this caliber.  Cons:  -Terrible, terrible air conditioning. It just doesn't work. And I'm not even asking for American-level air conditioning here. Just something to take the summer heat out of the room. On occasion we'd get somewhat coolish air, but never to the point of comfort. And the windows are…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good quality in a great location,Love the location central to everything and easy to get to the theatre district convent garden and Leicester square. We needed a taxi to get there and to leave. That was it.  The hotel is nice and has been upgraded - the rooms can be a little smaller or odd shapes but not terrible Club was well stocked and staffed and plenty of food and drinks Staff were helpful ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton Experience,"We spent a week here at the first of July.  The hilton is a stately old building with beautiful upgrades.  It is in the middle of the theater west end district, which makes it easy to take in a show and just walk back to the hotel.  In the area of Covent Square Gardens, there are plenty of restaurants, pubs, and cafes to enjoy dining.  Our room included breakfast which was done really, really well.  Lovely choices, delicious pastries, meats, cheeses as well as eggs, bacon, etc.  The staff all seemed very nice, very british, and were very helpful.  A truly delightful stay with the exception of the air-conditioner in the room.  It was quite comfortable down in the lobby, but the rooms got a bit warm mid summer.  They decorated the entry area with tennis balls, etc. because it was…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location.,"Lovely hotel with spacious and elegant rooms. It is in a great location, a stones throw from Covent Garden and close by theaters. The room was quite large and had everything I needed. Just check if your breakfast is included on check-in. When I checked in the staff member told me where breakfast was located and what time it started and ended. Given she voluntarily gave me this information, I had wrongly assumed that my breakfast was included. I woke up specifically and early the next morning just for breakfast (I was jet lagged after traveling from the US and had very little sleep) only to be told that my breakfast was not included. I was very disappointed as it was the only reason I woke up. I could have slept longer and grabbed breakfast at one of the many restaurants around…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never disapointed,"We love this hotel and the way the lovely staff make us feel everytime we visit, we had afternoon tea as well as dinner it was a really love stay, also the breakfast is very generous with plenty of choice - Thank you Hilton Hotels",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel just avoid the first floor,"The hotel was nice and was in a good location. The room we had was beautiful and clean, however it was located either over or next too an event room so we had to listen to loud music until around 1:30 in the morning. We called the front desk 3 times and each time they assured us it would end soon or they would have the music turned down but that never happened. If you stay at the hotel, request a room on a floor other than the first floor.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton great hotel and location,Spent 3 days in London sightseeing. Hotel is in a great location and close to underground Stop (Temple) We had an excellent stay and great breakfasts. Having friendly doormen in bowler hat and tails is gravy,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Staff, OK Hotel","Waldorf Hilton London is a in a great location and has a great staff.  The hotel is (still) in need of functional upgrades.  We had A/C problems (and at least two other guests did as well) and there was a significant delay moving rooms (and an Engineering Dept who claimed it was ""fixed""). Internet less than par.  Would recommend for location and staff; hopefully Waldorf will upgrade.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,As one would expect......,"A very comfortable experience in the Waldorf, a fine room and just the right amount of 'assistance' from the staff with our requirements....neither to overbearing or too distant. Room was great (we were upgraded), but it had a slight smell of stale tobacco. It didn't spoil the visit for us, but i could easily imagine complaints from other guests. Breakfast was great with a fine range of everything really in a wonderful room, straight from the 1920's. Checking in and out could have been a little speedier, but everyone was super friendly and highly professional. Be careful in the bar, drinks are expensive and even bar service comes with that rather 'awkward' 12.5% service charge added.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!!!!!!!,"I stayed in this hotel on July, 2017. It's great. Very good and very very clean. The bed is comfortable, the towels are large and soft, which is not common, even in good hotels, the room has lots of facilities. The location is spetacular and the staff is very nice. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gin tasting Afternoon Tea,"Fabulous experience. Gin tasting with afternoon tea, belated Christmas gift. Stylish turn of century hotel, made to feel special. Excellent, attentive staff - particularly Giuseppe, who was our guide/advisor for the afternoon. A thoroughly indulgent afternoon tasting some great gins and tea and scones",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Feedback about London stay,"This was a very pleasant experience in a very nice hotel close to a lot of activities in the city centre. The staff was extremely helpful, the room very quiet and spacious. Overall, this was a great stay and I'm looking forward to returning to this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,More of a Hilton than a Waldorf,"Just returned from 4 days in London. Enjoyed our stay at The Waldorf, which we chose in order to use our Hilton points. The location is fantastic. Close to Covent Garden and the underground stop as well as the Thames and Waterloo bridge.   Our welcome was very professional, however, we had a wait past 4pm for our room (which was not a big deal since we grabbed some tea in the bar area). However, the desk personnel seemed a bit disorganized. Each time we checked back on our room we seemed to get a different answer. They finally told us that we had moved from a preferred room on the 7th floor to a ""larger"" room on room 3. Upon arrival in our room, it was hard to believe that it was bigger than any other room. We expect small rooms in Europe, but we felt like we were mislead by the…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"We arrived early and left our bags with the concierge. We were greeted warmly by reception and took a seat in the bar to enjoy a nice bottle of wine.  We had a quick wash and brush up in the washrooms which were immaculately clean and rushed round the corner for our lunch at the Savoy.  We went for a lovely long walk down the Strand and around Covent Garden dropping in on several local pubs among the theatres nearby. We came back for a final drink in the bar then retired to our room.  It was lovely. Clean, modern and well equipped.  We slept well and had breakfast in the restaurant. We'd been offered a breakfast deal of £16 each and although not cheap (2 for £12 in the pub round the corner) it was worth the money. We had fruit, yoghurt, juice, plus a full English. I even spotted…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Waldorf Hilton London,"This is an excellent hotel located in the theater district.  The room was very large for London standards at a reasonable price. It was very quiet, no street noise. There is a fully equipped gym that was nicer than any other hotel gym I've seen. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in good location,"I needed a hotel in London at short notice and this was the cheapest Hilton hence why I stayed here. The location is good if you are looking to stay in the Covent Garden area. Hotel upgraded me to queen suite which was very nice the room was in the back of the hotel so away from traffic noise. The gym is fine the pool area is OK the Sauna was out of action and the steam room only just warm. We had access to the executive lounge which is worth paying for service was good and had a good afternoon tea and evening snacks. Service at breakfast was disappointing they would not let us in at first as they stated breakfast was not in our rate, I had to go back to reception and get them to come to the restaurant and explain we had it in our rate. Service was poor it took ages to get some…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything and More,"Obviously, the accommodations were as expected.  The location was excellent.  As it turned out, it was actually next door to where we had booked a show.    These accommodations come with all the latest bells and whistles, to include the use of Handy - a smartphone device that can be taken through Central London and use for maps, events, whatever.  It even allows for free international calling.  I would point out that we had a problem with our car service upon departure and the Concierge intervened on our behalf despite the driver telling him he shouldn't interfere.     Would I recommend to a friend, absolutely.  Will I use them on my next trip to London, absolutely!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very dissatisfied ,"Checked into this hotel feeling very excited as the entrance is very grand , Smart doormen in Hats is a now a rare sight , however that's where it ended . Checked in at reception and despite my husband being a gold card member we were told the hotel was fully booked and there were no upgrades available , however when I checked when we arrived to our room I saw on several booking sites there were rooms available for that night . The room was small and on an angle so the bed jutted out at one side there was a only one very small port hole window that if I stood on the bed I could see out of (I am 5,8). Three were no benefits of being a Hilton member . Upon returning late that night we visited the tiny bar waited 15 mins for an extremely overpriced beer £7.00 with a service charge…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meal for two with champagne,Wonderful two course meal one was  gluten free. (with Groupons) Treated to top class service and food. Could not fault.made to feel very special. Beautiful surroundings. Would definitely recommend to all.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea with champagne ,Great service. Great selection for the traditional afternoon tea. There is plenty of food for two people and the champagne is good quality. Service can be a little slow but staff are really attentive and friendly when you call them over and they don't rush you. Delicious sandwich fillings and great selection of cakes and teas. I would visit again ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT HOTEL,"This location was great for bars, food and accessing the HIPPODROME CASINO.  We were a short walk from many things.  The staff was helpful and polite.  The breakfast was good and the overall experience left us feeling happy.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Make Sure the Room Type Reservation is Confirmed,"My family and I decided to stay at the Waldorf Hilton London for the end of our England trip. We made a reservation for an ""Astor Suite"" and a second standard room. At checkin I was informed that unfortunately the Astor Suite was not available. That it had never been ""confirmed"". We were assigned to a ""Junior Suite"". Apparently, what made this a ""suite"" was a folding wall between the King bed and the fold-out sofa bed. The room was smaller than a standard room at a Hampton Inn. My wife tripped over the coffee table that was jammed against the wall when she got up to use the bathroom. The cooling of the space was negatively affected by the temporary wall. There was a small window. Only a week earlier, we stayed at the Paddington Hilton and reserved a two room suite for about $200…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London,"This hotel was in an excellent location..the staff was great and my room was extremely comfortable. I enjoyed access to the executive lounge.  Sometimes the lounge was a little busy, but the staff was extremely accommodating. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great time at Waldorf,Visited the Waldorf for a weekend with my gf and had an amazing time.  Location was awsome and staff were very friendly.  Breakfast had everything you could wish for (great coffee). Luis (doorman) was really nice and recommended a great place to have dinner. Luxury bathroom toiletries and free smart phone. Will be back.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This has become my first choice in the West End. Great combination of value and quality. Light airy room. Great bed. Friendly staff, very helpful and going the extra mile. A large Hilton this size could be impersonal, but somehow they make it feel homely. Will definitely stay again.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,This hotel is perfectly located.  The room is comfortable and beautiful.  Spend the extra $ for access to the executive lounge.  The breakfast is fantastic along with afternoon and evening snacks/drinks. The only drawback is the spotty internet service.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wosrt London hotel experienxe,"I am Hilton diamond member. While checking in ,front desk told me no upgrade at all bcuz fully booked. However, after I entered room and use internet to link to booking.com, there were still larger rooms to book, apparently the front desk doesn't want to spend any more second to help . In the morning, when we went to breakfast restaurant, the service told us no complimentary even as diamond member, she can't find my room is booked with breakfast. I asked her to double check, but she just insisted the same answer again, I would need to walked back(and holding my kid) to front desk to double confirm my benifit to get breakfast. As executive lounge, in a corner area, the carpet is wet and smelly, my kid slip , clothes touched to carpet are all wet and smelly. Overall, terrible…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Back with Family,"We took our time to choose this hotel for the family also. We loved it. So tipically british upper class, high tea and the staff were very formal - top notch as they say. Rooms are small but it was london so we rolled with it. Lucky to be granted access to the lounge being Gold member so the breakfast was amazing and the kids loved it. Well done team will see you again!!!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Executive Suite,We recently took our 18-year old niece for a trip to London and stayed in an executive suite.  The extra half-bath was quite useful.  Our only complaints were the nightly turndown service was hit or miss and the executive lounge was too crowded and we were unable to eat breakfast in the lounge due to no seating available.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Near the West End Action!,"We have stayed in this hotel three times. The staff are very welcoming and always helpful. You are within walking distance of many theatres, and lovely restaurants. The bar is good for entertaining if you are not in a hurry. Nice menu.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Waldorf Hotel in London,This hotel is packed with amenities and centrally located.  You will have a great room with more than enough space and a high quality bathroom.  The staff are superb and the food is outstanding.  The price is right if you want a superb experience in London.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel in Covent Garden London,"This is a very nice hotel with a very friendly staff.  We were able to check in early after the overnight flight from the US.  The bathroom is oddly configured due to the age of the hotel.  It appears to have been recently updated.  I always try to imagine what a hotel like this was like in the 1900’s when all rooms did not have a private bathroom!  The hotel is the theatre district which was great as we had tickets to 42nd Street at the Royal Drury Theatre.  There are lots of restaurants nearby as well as the Underground stations.  Note to Hilton management, I received a survey invitation that expired seven days after receipt. Since I do not normally do surveys while on vacation this one was expired by the time I got home.  Not sure why you need to put an expiration date on a…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grandeur,Just like the name is waldorf its grandeur in the heart of london.My office was near by shoppin area is close by not only this but you can watch the show lion king by walking couple of minutes.Their is so much to do near around only.Hotel is fantastic amazing spread of breakfast.Cosy rooms you will love it and extremly helpful staff ! Do stay here and enjoy the royalty of london.. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Touch of Class in the aHeart of London,Stayed ate and played at the Waldorf and had such a wonderful experience. We were in a fantastic room on the 7th floor. We stayed over the weekend and had breakfast and dinner at the hotel which was very nice. It was for a special occasion just for my wife and I and the service did not disappoint at all. The gym and pool were added benefits as it was 24 degrees outside. Overall we had a fab time and this lovely quintessentially British hotel. Truly a touch of class,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfort in the Heart of London,"If you desire a comfortable and  well-located hotel in London the Waldorf Hilton is truly worth considering. Comparatively well sized rooms with tender bedding, excellent room cleaning service and an efficient front desk.  Furthermore, the restaurant has a capacious menu which caters to temperate and tropical palates. Be early for breakfast, I advise, as there can be a queue of guests waiting for a seat.  The hotel's atrium is also a splendid location for dinner and events.   In all, it was a memorable stay at the Waldorf Hilton.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Creme de la Creme,"Hands down, top 3 Hilton properties to stay at, in the world (Hilton Sorrento and Waldorf Rome other 2). Lifetime Diamond status with Hilton, I have stayed in hotels, for more than half of my life, therefore I feel I give accurate, unfiltered, black & white, feedback. If you are visiting London, for work, OR for pleasure, stay at the Waldorf.  When you walk into the lobby, you feel like you are walking into a palace. The customer service is bar none. The food is scrumptious. The architecture is mesmerizing.  If you do not have status with Hilton, pay for the executive room upgrade, which will allow you access to the Executive Lounge. Being able to quietly relax, enjoy a cup of tea, a snack or two, a drink or three, is definitely a way to make any day, better. Out of all the…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central location,Ideally suited for Covent Garden and Theatreland. This is part of the Hilton chain. The rooms are compact and very well appointed. They are clean. The beds and storage are generous. I found the room too hot even though the air conditioning was on maximum chill.  ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent stay,We booked a junior suite for 3 and it surprised with the amount of space we had available. One evening we had a very good meal in the hotel restaurant.  overall the quality was excellent my only criticism being that the hot water in the room was not really hot enough.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend away,"I stayed for two nights from Friday 9th June 2017. Staff were friendly. I had checked-in online the day before but unfortunately, this does not make it any quicker to get your keys on your arrival. I think it would be nice if you could have an early check-in as well. As my room was not ready, and I had upgraded to Executive room, I was able to go to the executive lounge to wait for my room. This room was nice to relax in. When I did get my key, the room was lovely and I had good night sleeps on the bed!....The make of mattress would be good to know please. I enjoyed breakfasts in the executive lounge. I did attend the afternoon tea sessions but i'm sure they would have been lovely. I chose the hotel, as I was going to see Mamma Mia, and the theatre backs on to the hotel, also…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just a name,"The hotel is basically a very average Hilton sheltered behind a prestigious name and an elegant facade. Little inside lends itself to luxury and it is nowhere near the 5 stars I had seen it rated. However, some of the Reception, Porter and Door Staff were very good and were extremely helpful. We had breakfast as part of our package and only stuck with it for all three mornings as it was so badly done it was funny. Amazingly, they still charge for internet access.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location in the Theater District,"We stayed for 8 nights and used the Hilton Waldorf as our base of operations. If you intend to see any of the plays or musicals in the west end you can not ask for a better location. A theater on either side of it and four more within a two block walk and almost all of them within a 15 minute walk. The staff was professional, very nice and accommodating. The food was good and the bar excellent. The rooms were very nice and clean. They are a bit smallish. Not tiny. Big enough for your needs, just smaller than the typical Hilton or Waldorf room. The shower is a tub shower as opposed to a stand alone shower if that makes a difference.  The only thing I found to be substandard was the entertainment system. If you like to watch an in room movie after a long day of sightseeing forget…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Be aware - it's not a Waldorf Astoria,We booked a birthday trip and where expecting a great experience.  At the end it was a old luxury hotel with only a few delights. The hotel has no sole - only one person was outstanding - Theresa from room service.  Every one (from check in/ restaurants/ bar...) excused all questions and complaints with the same excuse: we are not a Waldorf Astoria - we are a Waldorf Hilton. Be aware!,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Everything I had Expected, and More!","This is one of London's iconic hotels. The location can not be beat. You have the Tube right there, you are within walking distance to the theater district, the London Eye, and many more attractions.   What I loved most was the service, par to none, impeccable, even for London's high standards. I wish I could name here everyone that was amazing, but simply everyone provided great service.   I loved the old and historical architecture of this hotel mixed with modern and up to date amenities. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,We  stayed at this hotel for two weeks and highly recommend the service and the amenities.  Nothing was too much trouble for the wonderful staff.  Great location close to many theatres and many restaurants.  We walked everywhere and never used the tube.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very dissapointing,"We were in town for the weekend for a friends birthday, we arrived at 4 pm and the room was not ready which was not good enough, however the lady on reception was very apologetic and offered me and my girlfriend a free drink each while we waited another half an hour so we let that slip. But from then on it was down hill... We got to the room and wanted to freshen up the soap was used and put back in its box from the previous people who stayed in our room, the iron was obviously not checked and cleaned because it ruined my shirt with marks and brown residue, then breakfast came and it was mind blowing how bad the etiquette was, food trays empty for too long, tables with plates left on them, the table next to ours was full of plates for 20/30 minutes and no one was coming to take…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very disappointed,"We have stayed at Hilton around the world and this is the 2nd time visit at Waldorf at Covent Garden.   This time we stayed in Junior Suite and had the executive lounge facility. First of all the check in is 3pm which really is late compared to other hotels, however the checkout is midday which is great.   We arrived ""early"" at 2pm and was told the room was not ready.  No worries, we went to the executive lounge and had coffee.  At 2.50pm we enquired regarding the room, another 30 mins we were told.   At 3.20pm we were told another 10 mins.  I expressed that I was unhappy with this as by the time we would be able to access the room it would be late afternoon and thought this was unacceptable.  We were given the key to the room at 3.30pm and was given an extension to check out at…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""No Diamond Upgrade This Time Around""","I booked an executive king for nine nights and paid 332.10 pounds per night for a total of 3,053.65 pounds which included a charge of 64.75 at Good Godfreys.  I was hoping to get a diamond upgrade for at least part of my stay.  However, that was not the case.  Initially, Natasha offered one, but then rescinded the offer when she realized that it was an accessible room.  As a way of showing good faith, she offered an afternoon tea in the dining room but didn't give us a voucher for the high tea.  It was a few days later that my wife saw her in the executive lounge and only then did we receive the voucher.  She obviously forgot about the offer.  However, upon presenting the voucher and her note to the woman at the dining room, we were told that the voucher was not adequate and…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Five Stars!,"The Waldorf Hilton was an excellent hotel. It is centrally located in the theater district and was close to shows, restaurants and shopping. There was a bus stop right out front and the underground was only a short walk away, so the whole city was easily accessible. The hotel was warm and welcoming and had a nice atmosphere. Our suite was well appointed, modern, large, neat, clean, and comfortable. The executive lounge offered breakfast (although the main dining room downstairs offered more breakfast options), afternoon tea, and evening canopies, and everything was great. Finally, and most importantly, the staff were all very friendly, professional, helpful, and courteous. We can highly recommend the Waldorf Hilton and look forward to staying there again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow!!! ,"Stayed here as a dream.   Did not disappoint. From the moment Rafek, the bellman, greeted us...the Waldorf lived up to its reputation.  The hotel is in a great location.  The way they treat diamond level members is great.  Loved Lorenzo at breakfast....went the extra mile.   The great afternoon concierge in executive lounge who was headed on holiday back to Spain was the best ever (can't remember name).   Room is good.  Much better and less expensive than our non-name brand hotel in Paris.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Nice modern Waldorf hotel. Recently renovated, this Waldorf hotel comes across as stylish and modern.  Great Spa and fitness facilities!   Brilliant idea with a ""Handy-devise"" for each room, making it easy to navigate in London and international calls free of charge!  Executive lounge not impressive - limited selection of foods, worn out furniture. Breakfast buffet very regular.  The coffee should be upgraded: ""wending-machine cappuccino"" doesn't match well with a five star hotel... Add-ons to the breakfast menu were not impressive. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay if corporate ,"This hotel isn't for families, stayed here with two teenagers and a 10 year old.  Rooms are quite old and small. Floor creeks and bathrooms are mouldy.  The Russian/Serbian lady at the Executive Lounge is rude and shouldn't be working in hospitality as we were 15 minutes early to breakfast, the young worker said we were able to have fruit until everything else came out. The Russian said we had to wait until 7am on the dot and we shouldn't have touched the food. She then told the young girl off in the back. We apologised to the young girl if we got her into trouble.  The concierge weren't very helpful either. Asked a question and while he was answering, he was scratching himself and pre occupied with other things. Very unprofessional ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lives up to the Waldorf Name,"Location? Check -- right in the middle of the west end near great theatres, restaurants and shopping. Comfortable and elegant? Check. Friendly but very professional staff? Check. The Waldorf Hilton checks all the boxes. Not cheap, but a steal compared to some others in town. Five stars all the way. Next visit will check out the bar and restaurant.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Couple of days in London,"Nice surroundings, friendly staff, excellent location but rather pricey. Very clean , breakfast good, evening meal rather ordinary but fine. Afternoon tea good in a very relaxed setting with a pianist, rather nice",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply luxurious,"We stayed at the Waldorf for 2 nights and it was amazing. The rooms, the ambience, the staff, the bar were just perfect. The welcome back to the hotel after a long day sight seeing was fantastic. Anything you asked for was auctioned straight away. Complete luxury and we cannot wait for our next stay in October.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel - just a few bits missing to make it perfect!,"My mum and I stayed here for 1 night and we got a lovely warm welcome, and the room was ready early for us.  The hotel has a bit of old world charm - but not old fashioned which I liked.  It took us back to an era where people wore flapper dresses and drank martinis in the afternoon!  Our room was a twin and although not huge, it was perfectly fine.  The beds were very hard and I sometimes find Hilton hotels in general have this flaw.  I woke the morning with real backache.  The air conditioning was a bit noisy, however the room itself was very quiet despite being in the centre of London.  The bathroom looked great, however the shower had no real water pressure and there was a bar on the side that jutted out so anyone bigger than a size 10 kept bumping into in whilst showering. …",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Theater District,"Well appointed room.  The staff was supper friendly, hotel is located in the Theater district staff, within walking distance to Tralfagar Square, Covent Garden and a short walk to the Thames River.  Lots of dining options in close proximity.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Waldorf Hilton, London","Hotel situated in a theatre district, shopping and many restaurants within walking distance. Hotel rooms were semi upgraded, comfortable and clean. Executive lounge provided breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canopy, great for business overnight.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,High standards of service,"Ws stayed here for a weekend and had a fantastic stay, the room (a queen) was large clean and airy. Check in was quick efficient and friendly and we were given an early check in which was very much  appreciated. The bar was a delightful place to relax after a day exploring London  and again the staff were polite and friendly and was just perfect to enjoy a glass of wine and a plate of cheese before retiring for the evening to a very comfortable bed.  Its the little touches which make the hotel stand out from the free water from the Hydration station in the lobby to the use of a smart phone with free calls and maps of interesting places to visit. All the staff without exception were polite, friendly and made us feel very welcome. When we got home I noticed a slight mix up with…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dated but nice,Nothing wrong with it but the rooms I have stayed in were a bit tired and I thought the pool area was very disappointing. Went back to give it a second chance and upgraded to an executive room but still a little disappointed.   I think there are better places to stay at that price.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, gorgeous dining room almost make up for spartan staffing behind the scenes at the Waldorf","We visited the Waldorf for four nights, using two rooms per night.  First--the good.  Location is superb.  Our experiences in the formal restaurant were first-rate, both in service and food.  At tea, our waiter, Ahmed, gracefully choreographed the tables of over half the dining room with skill and good cheer.  Our dinner there the previous night was served not quite as smoothly, but the food was good and the atmosphere in the evening is particularly lovely.  Dan at the Concierge desk located hard-to-find theater tickets.  However, seated at mid-day in Geoffrey's restaurant, we waited half an hour for anyone to take our drinks order.  We then waited another half hour for our food to arrive.  The restaurant was half empty.  Over a stay of four mornings, room service breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,needs improvement,"Undoubtfully the location is excellent located between the bissiness area with the theatre and nightlife areas.It is a bit far from the closest tube stations. The rooms are large and comfortable but have some maintainance problems. For example with stayed during two very warm days and the air-conditioner failed to cool the room. Repeated attempts to fix it were unsuccessful and eventually we were transferred to another (and better) room. In the first day our room was not aaranged until late in the afternoon. The bath tabs are slippery and there is no hand-rail to help tyou out. The water stream in the hand-held shower was very strong, whereas it was very weak in the ceiling shower (scale??). The polite and pleasant stuff tried to be helpful and attentive, but it seems there are…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business London Trip with my wife,Waldorf worked well for a business trip where I had day business in Lloyds of London Finanical district and central good location my wife could feel safe exploring without me during the day. It is central to all activities. The down side is the entire area is pricey for hotels. I recommend getting the Executive Suite with Lounge access. It was worth it.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classy,"I never get tired of eating at the Waldorf in it's spectacular dining room and wonderfully prepared dishes. The service is excellent, the staff are lovely and always add a touch of class. What's not to like !? ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"This a great hotel in Covent Garden, walking distance to Tower of London, Trafalgar Plaza, Parliment Square, Westminster Abbey & so many other locations.  London is a wonderful city and the people there are resilient and awesome!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Present Ever,I took my mother to The Waldorf Hilton Hotel for her birthday and treated her to afternoon tea. The staff were all so lovely and made sure we had a fabulous time. The food was exceptional and I was also impressed with the tea timer as I had never seen one before. Recommend as a present for anyone whom you wish to treat!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service is Excellent,"We had.a few problems on our first night but Hilton did a great job on service recovery. I realize things can and do go wrong but it's what is done about it.  They excel here. Sunny, the concierge, always remembered our name and wanted to make sure our needs were being met. The executive lounge is superb. We also had afternon tea and that was wonderful as well. Ahmed did a great job taking care of us for tea and some breakfast meals. Very attentive. Thanks Hilton Waldorf staff. Good job!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Too hot,Reception staff helpful. Acknowledged by name every time entered executive lounge. Food in lounge of good quality and breakfast included three hot options when only continental breakfast noted on hotel site.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mobile phone provide with maps and free international telephone calls!! Close to Covent Gardens.,"Pros: .    Gratis mobile smart phone which has Google maps, and supports free international calls!! Can’t beat that!!  .    Temporary room:  Our room was not ready upon on our arrival, which was much earlier than check-in time. We appreciated the complimentary temporary room we were given to shower and sleep until our room became available.  This room, #612, was quite noisy with doors slamming nearby and people chatting in the hallway. However, for a few hours stay after an overnight flight, it was wonderful.  .    Our request for a quiet section of the hotel was honored.  We didn't hear any noise in our room, #522.  The view was of a roof top, but that didn't bother us.  .    Great, helpful staff, especially the concierge and doormen. My favorite employee was Robert.  . …",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They make things right. ,"We visited the Waldorf in London a few days ago and stayed 4 nights. We had a few problems that couldn't be resolved the first night (broken AC, clogged shower drain ) The next day we were moved to an upgraded room that was wonderful!  Use of the executive lounge was a great benefit. We also were able to enjoy the beautiful breakfast buffet.  The staff was always attentive as knew us by name.  They offered assistance at any time of day or night. We especially enjoyed the afternoon tea. We will be sure to be back to stay the next time we are in London. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,That was an amazing stay,"I was fortunate enough to stay whilst attending the opera . The hotel is so well placed for all the main shows in the West End. Old style courtesy , glamour and service.  Form the moment the doorman / concierge greets you, through to the simple check in( excellent young girl onSaturday 17 th June) first time working unsupervised and amazing. Hospitable, friendly and proficient . Fabulous rooms , cocktails to die for. Not a cheap stay but a must do destination .thank you to everyone who made our stay special ❤️",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat,Chose this hotel for my wife's birthday treat following a nice stay last year. Great service and a nice clean room on the 6th floor. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful with a smile. Breakfast and dinner both very good. Fantastic location to watch a show and followed with some great cocktails in the hotel bar.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Leaking bathroom, 10 year old tv",Terrible room with shower leaking and tv unit as old as 10 years. The small lift needs immediate replacement. The hotel needs serious uplift before running into some safety issue with escalator or bathroom. ,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,1st trip to London,"We booked this hotel with flight on travelocity.  I always rely on trip advisor members reviews & they did not disappoint with this hotel.  I travelled with my mom & 17 year old daughter.  We arrived 8:30am with the time change was 2:30 am our time.  We requested early check in via e-mail prior to arriving.  They were able to accommodate a room right when we arrived!  We booked the king bed executive room which comes with free wi-fi, newspaper, continental breakfast, afternoon tea, & drinks/appetizers in the evening.  Breakfast was wonderful with many options to choose from.  The concierge service was very friendly & helpful.  The doorman always had a smile & recommendations for restaurants.  Would stay here again in a heartbeat!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"My husband and I visited The Waldorf for afternoon tea, and I have to say we were very disappointed. Having recently visited The Ritz and Fortnum and Masons for afternoon tea We thought we had an idea of what to expect. Firstly on arrival we were seated extremely close to another couple, (they were barely a foot away!) it felt rather like we were at a noodle bar! No chance of private conversation. The waitress had no knowledge of different teas so was unable to assist in our choices. She also appeared unaware that we had pre paid for champagne. Second helpings were nonexistent, something that at the aforementioned establishments had been in abundance. In our opinion save your money and go to M&S for £10 because that is all it is worth!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Amazing - 2013,"This was an amazing experience and our room was clean, service amazing and we had a great time in the bar and when we had room service.  The reception was welcoming and fairly straight forward.  We had a welcome fruit basket on arrival, along with a range of waters etc.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loverly hotel however billing errors ,"Loverly hotel centrally located up to a good standard. Regular Booker with Hilton hotels, The only issues that effected the stay was a random charge for £40 added to my bill for laundry despite us only staying one night and not using any housekeeping services, when queried reception said ""oh we need to wait for housekeeping to email us back"" and that ""if a refund isn't done in 7-10 days to email the hotel"" i personally fine this very poor customer service also my room was automatically checked out at 7:30 in the morning despite me not leaving till 11am and then being disturbed by housekeeping every 20 minutes as the reception staff had checked us out. Also be warned the pre auth on cards is not completed as per other hotels instead they will authorise a full new transaction.…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxurious central location,"This hotel was in a great location for walking to many sights, museums, and shopping.  The smartly dressed doormen who smiled and welcomed me every time I walked in made me feel special.  Shortbread cookies in the rooms with the makings for tea and coffee were very much appreciated. Afternoon tea was nice, even as a solo diner.  All the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An experience of a lifetime,"If you are going to stay in London, look no further than this hotel. From the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out, everything is perfect. Location, ambience, every detail is catered for to make sure your stay is perfect and believe me it was. Book now, you won't be sorry.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,Upon arrival our room wasn't ready so we were offered another.   We dropped our bags off and went straight out until late evening.   In the morning I noticed the bathroom was full of hair and toe nail cuttings - which I left on the shelf to be seen !!!  I discretely let reception know (and not other guests) and my bill was reduced by £19.00 which I thought was a slap in the face due to the rate we were paying  Such a shame because Hilton usually carries such a good reputation.,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxurious Hotel,had an amazing stay at the Waldorf. Great location and fantastic staff and facilities. grandkids loved the pool. executive lounge was great and breakfast there was lovely.  we really enjoyed our 2 night stay and will definitely be returning to this iconic hotel,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent for family ,"Had exceptional service and great room (539). Was originally nervous about the size of the beds-2 doubles instead of 2 queens, but the beds are larger than American doubles and perfect. The bathroom is very nice and large! Our family of 4 was perfectly comfy, with 2 places to sit, nice tv, double sinks, soaking tub plus shower. We are diamond Hilton members so the exec lounge has been ideal-great breakfast every day, tea all afternoon and cocktails at night. Highly recommend! Great location and value.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very courteous, helpful and friendly.  Staff was available to assist us whenever we needed!  Great place to stay","Very central to all sights, great place to hang out and very service oriented.  Maybe slightly expense but well worth it.  It is near the  most wonderful pubs and restaurants around London.  It also is located next  to the theatre district! ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bar visit ! ,We happened to stop here for a drink with 10 adults and 4 children they where happy to accommodate and set up more seating for us all in the bar area offering a great drinks menu and service. The decor in the lobby is grand however if you are thinking about staying here please see images first as the rooms are still great they are not so modern and grand in features. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A TRUE WALDORF ASTORIA!!!!!!!,"Amazing stay at Waldorf Astoria London in Covent Garden, location was second to none and landmarks were within walking distance. Beautiful room with luxury toilteries and a smartphone that could be used free of charge. Breakfast was awsome with plenty coffee and fresh fruits. Staff were very friendly as others Waldorf Astorias. I will certainly return next time in town",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Horrendoux,We've been in a lot of restaurants and cafes in London but this one was the worst - being The Waldorf with all its history we had expected better but the signs were there - cold room and no atmosphere - cheap place mats on the tables - cheap salt and pepper mill - chips in the table and no table cloths - rubbish visible in the wine cellar - cheap champagne - all in all macDonalds would have been nicer - one to miss with a barge pole next time ,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beware of accepting a sub standard executive room,"This stay could have turned into a disaster.  Getting straight to the point we were given a drab, damp smelling ""executive"" room with no view, an old tiny bathroom with shower inside a small bath and hard bed.  We immediately made the decision that we were not prepared to stay in the room and asked to speak to a member of management.  This was unsuccessful when done on the phone and we were forced to traipse down to reception with our luggage and explain how disappointed we were with our room.  We had actually booked direct with the hotel too!  We were handled efficiently and pleasantly and offered a different room in the same grade.  The difference was incredible.  It was a total insult to be offered the first room and know that the room we were eventually given was the same…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand ole Hotel,"Great location. STAFF was amazing, always ready to assist. Great eating establishments within 5 minutes. Room was awesome, food was excellent. The Hotel is first class and maintained in every way Best check in attention I have ever had. I cannot say enough about the STAFF.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,By far exceeded our expectations!,"The Waldorf Hilton is the place to stay. The location was more than I could have imagined! As a family with elementary aged children, we could walk nearly everywhere! Our first day we walked over Waterloo Bridge to the London Eye and Jubilee Park. We walked back via Westminster Bridge. The children handled it all so well. What was even more exciting was the location to Covent Garden, delicious restaurants and major theater productions. Nearly next door Mama Mia is paying, as well as Lion King and the Carol King musical. It's so exciting to have London at your finger tips and his hotel delivers! Also, we did partake in Afternoon Tea and it was subservient! Liam, the tea manager really knows his stuff and deeply cares about your experience. The executive Lounge is small but…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Good location.   Poor cleaning service as toilet not cleaned before arrival and several days during our stay.  No solution to AC not working after contacting front desk 3 (three) times.  Dirty shower tiles and grout.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,The hotel is well situated in central London with everything on the doorstep.  The bar is well stocked and the staff are very knowledgeable.  The room is a standard Hilton room with a good shower and comfy bed.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Affordable 5 Star!,"We were on a Sunday night stop over from the North West of England, The Waldorf is classy glamour at an affordable price. Very comfortable room, classy decor, lovely toiletries,very clean. Great walk in shower,and all amenities you,d expect. Breakfast was included, plenty of choice buffet style, high quality food, FRESH orange juice, with carafes of quality coffee that actually stayed hot!  All the staff in this hotel are very friendly and efficient, nothing is too much trouble. We are hoping to return this summer.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The best address in Central London,"Every visitor to London is concerned with safety. Security at The Waldorf on Aldwych is beyond reproach. Gusts are the primary concern. The GM is viligant about guest experience. The location is perfect for access to theater, Thames experiences, The City, Westminster, Tower of London, Shakespeare Globe, St Paul's, shopping on Regent and Oxford Streets, Soho and fabulous restaurants. The rooms are immaculate. The restaurant is convenient and elegant highest quality food and drink and courteous staff. They have a beautiful high tea with harp or piano. Heavenly! There is a gorgeous pool and health center. Consider the executive lounge. I had the time of my life and I will stay at the Waldorf!!!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding at the Waldorf!," We held our sons wedding at the Waldorf and the staff: the rooms; the food, the service;the atmosphere were top class. Having the right venue and the right staff are two main ingredients for success for any event and the Waldorf delivered big time. Added to this, the food was divine and all of our guests commented on these things! Well done to all staff at the Waldorf - you made a one off event just amazing... Big thanks from Dave + Shelley Shore!!!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I am so disappointed! We stayed as a special treat, even though we live just a tube ride away as it is so close to the theatres - but what a shambles the service is!   We are told at check-in that our bags would be brought to our room, 30mins later (with only 1hour until our show stared) my husband gave up and went to fetch our bags himself. By the time we'd changed we didn't have the time to enjoy our pre-show meal at the hotel. Instead we ordered some side dishes form the bar to get us through the evening so we could return later and eat properly, but after 30mins of waiting we had to cancel those too.   On our return to the Waldorf we found a table in the bar and waited for quite a while, only to be told that food service finished at 10.30, it was 10.35. Luckily there is a…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel & fantastic staff,"We stayed here for one night on 3rd June for a special occasion, the hotel is beautiful and staff couldn't be more helpful, unfortunately our lovely weekend for the occasion wasn't able to be fulfilled in London due to the horrific upsetting events which took place but just staying in the hotel made it great. Thanks",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,Would like to compliment the hotel for its very good service. Arrived 8.30am not expecting to be given our room. But a lovely surprise when told our room is ready.   Also she gave us free wifi which was unexpected. Concierge desk was also very obliging and helpful. Room was great and location exceptional. The only thing that spoiled the stay was the terrorist attack at London Bridge.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrific stay,"Our family stay was enjoyed by all.  The staff in all areas of hotel were outstanding from workout area, executive lounge, housekeeping, front desk, etc.  special requests around food, plug converters, finding Diet Coke at a late hour were always met with a smile.  Good location but be ready for large ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,"To the staff at the Waldorf Hotel   I just wanted to send my heartfelt thanks for a fabulous stay in your hotel between Thursday 1 June - Saturday 3 June. We were celebrating my mums 80th Birthday. The rooms, food and service was impeccable and everyone was so very friendly and welcoming.   The amenities you arranged from the receptionist to the doormen making such a fuss of her daily and wishing her a happy birthday .....to the Waldorf book, little chocolates, wine, Birthday cake with a rendition of ""Happy Birthday"" was most amazing!!   You truly made her stay in London most memorable!   Thanking you all so very much ...you should all be very proud of yourselves for making one of loveliest women in the world feel so very special.   The Smith family 💞",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel ,"This hotel was ok , not as nice as I thought it would be. Service in lounge was awesome. Our air conditioner broke and we were up all night. In the morning I told them I would be gone from 9-5 , they said they would fix it or arrange a different room . We got back after 6 pm and no one had checked it . Our room was so hot ,they sent some one to look at it . Time wasted as we were going to get ready and go out. They finally moved us and the man who came to move us was surprised at how hot the room was. The next room was hot , they sent the maintenance man who said the ac goes off when people leave the room so he was going to over ride it. The first room head definitely broken. The manager, I think his name was David ,  offered 15% off . I said that's all after being up all night…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT location, GREAT staff, GREAT breakfast","Amazing stay at Waldorf Astoria which is located so close to the shows and great restaurants. Staff very friendly and attentive, best cocktails and a building full of heritage. Dinner in The Homage was fantastic, great value and service. Concierge was very knowledgeable and got the perfect seats for 42nd Street. Breakfast divine with plenty of choice.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Christmas Shopping Stop Over,"Nice hotel, Nice service and Nice food, ambiance was needless to say... Nice.  I think the Waldorf would benefit from a refit, and believe that it would fit a 4 start hotel rating rather then a 5. As with all hotels in London it falls into the overpriced category.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,More Than Just A Great Location,"We just recently spent four nights at the Waldorf and had a fantastic stay. We had a Queen deluxe room off the main street and had the best nights sleep in years. Comfortable and quiet along with modern amenities. From the moment we walked through the front door all staff members were pleasant and accommodating. Fantastic restaurants, theater and museums all within an easy walk and  access to the Underground. If one likes ""action"", there is no better place in London than Covent Garden and The Waldorf is in the the heart of it all !!!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf on Aldwych in London England this spring for vacation.  We were both extremely please with the level of service offered by the staff.  They were very welcoming and accommodating the entire stay.  The location is in great proximity to local attractions by walking or taxi/Uber.  I highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, polite staff, breakfast poor.","The hotel is in a good location for the theatre, so this is why we booked it.  The room was lovely, big and the air conditioning was definitely needed the weekend was very hot.  The Staff were polite, but sometimes the language barriers were difficult as it didnt seem that any of their first languages was English.  The exception was a French Canadian lady on reception, I didn't get her name, but she was delightful.  Thank you for making our stay better.  The night went well, and we had a good comfortable nights sleep.  However the breakfast was less than we would expect given the price paid for the hotel.  We had difficulty finding the dining room and then were told off for not waiting at the desk.  There had been nobody there, so we walked in.   Eventually seated feeling a bit…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent !,"We stayed here for four nights during May and loved every moment. Great staff starting with the reception through door men and concierge all attentive, efficient always with a smile on their face. We stayed in room 506 at the corner, fifth floor which was spacious and quiet. Only down side was the weak wifi signal which was not corrected till the end of our stay, but all in all we were mostly satisfied from our entire stay so I rate this stay ar 5.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely stay,Very pleasant one night stay with afternoon tea. Upgraded to an executive room for a small charge and enjoyed the executive lounge and extra large room. Room temperature was perfect on a hot day and all very clean. ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and helpful staff!,"Stayed here for the past 6 nights and this hotel is absolutely amazing!! Best feature is the free Handy cell phone that was in my room upon check in.  It is a FREE cell phone that you can use throughout your stay.  With free unlimited data and calls, we were able to download tourist apps, map our way around London, and check on attractions throughout our stay. We never left the hotel without it!  Room service was phenomenal and being in the West End was divine!! We were within walking distance of everything!!!!  Easy access to the Circle and District lines was helpful and were able to access the walkways on the River Thames just after the Temple Tube station.  The hop on/off buses pick up on the corner close to the hotel. We were in the heart of everything. Would definitely make…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,How could such a hotel be such a let down ,"Having booked a king executive suite, I would expect to have aircon that actually works, not having to suffer at night with windows that don't open or when I ask the receptionist to send an engineer, have nothing done about it. Otherwise it was good location. Lastly the breakfast was ok but took a very long time for the replacement to come in and often people would be waiting for a while. This was nothing like the hotel in New York!",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic weekend stay in London,Was given this weekend stay by my wonderful brother. Not sure I could afford it normally! Fantastic! Greeted and helped by staff on arrival and looked after throughout our stay. Room was large for London and very comfortable once we remembered to turn on the ac. The hotel is close to Covent Garden and lots of other places to visit are easily walkable. Sad to leave. Hoping to win the lottery so I can stay here again - for longer!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class service!,My husband and I recently stayed at this location and we loved it! The staff was very welcoming and helpful! The food was great and room accommodations were perfect. This was a perfect place to stay to visit London!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Event and dinner,We attended an event here which was a very enjoyable one. The service and food were very good and the location a quite stunning one - the hotel has a surprisingly ornate interior especially in the function rooms. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect in every way,"Perfect hospitality, perfect service, perfect location. The front desk immediately tried to see if upgrades would be available based on my status and made sure my stay would be comfortable. While an upgraded did not occur because there were no rooms due to full occupancy, the staff went out of their way.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay at the Waldorf,"For our 25th anniversary, we booked at the Waldorf. We've stayed there in the past because every stay has been perfect, The hotel is beautiful and in a great location in Coventry Garden/ West End. The staff are terrific with special mentions going to Ahmed and Daniel at the concierge desk and Sunny and Luis greeting guests. I'll be back in the fall, guys! ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and dependable accommodations ,I love the location and ambience . The staff is helpful and kind . The check in was a bit Antiquated for a Hilton even though I had pre checked in . The rooms were small for the US but nice for Europe . It was very clean with nice furnishings and amenities . It was a mixture of Hilton dependability and London charm . The concierge and bell staff were nice both seemed a bit disorganized . Overall a good value for the price . ,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel & Location,"Stayed here for a couple of nights at the beginning of May, from the moment we arrived was just fantastic. All staff that we came into contact with were very professional, friendly and just really nice people. The room we had had all the mod cons that you would expect, and more. Room was very clean, modern and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. The location of this hotel is epic, you are 5 mins walk if that from Covent Garden, and all the theatres are really close by, hence why we chose to stay here in the 1st place. Can't recommend this hotel enough, we will definitely be staying here again on our next visit to London, we both really loved it. Well Done Hilton.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,We stayed here for 2 nights the beginning of may. Staff at the hotel was great. Helpful and polite. Room was clean and nice size. Loved that it was near theatre and Covent gardens. A great area to walk around and easy to walk to sightseeing area.  Lots of good restaurants within walking distance,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oh yes,"I can't comment on the food or the bar as I didn't eat. But the service and the hotel's location for anyone wanting to see the West End (or work in the City) were just superb. They have these amazing gadgets in the rooms which allow you to make free internet calls across London, which must be great for international visitors. Nice place, nice room, friendly and helpful staff. Brilliant location.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Concierge Service!,"This hotel is in a great location! Close to everything including Covent Garden, theatre district, and Buckingham Palace. Great concierge service if you need help with booking any of the local tours. The bedroom and bathroom are a good size and the bed and pillows are comfortable. Nice Executive lounge for Hilton Honor members with plenty of choices for breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and great location.,"Great location for this hotel, near a lot of the shows, and a short walk to Covent Garden. Polite staff who make you feel that you are really welcome, and nothing is too much trouble. The concierge staff are very efficient and are more than willing to help in anyway. A doorman who says hello everytime you come in and goodbye every time you go out. Such a wonderful experience and the rooms are so, so comfortable.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel - lovely staff,"We stayed at the Waldorf for one night this weekend and enjoyed our stay from start to finish. We are business owners looking for a short relaxing break and it didn't disappoint at all. Check in was smooth and we upgraded to an executive room just to treat ourselves. The reception staff were very helpful. The room was lovely, great breakfast and an extremely helpful concierge who got us some theatre tickets last minute with no hassle at all. We will be rushing back there as soon as we can make some time.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but poor aftercare. ,"Stayed for one night on a business trip. Check-in was smooth and room was a good size and with attractive decor. Breakfast was good too and couldn't fault staff - especially Hollie in the bar. Issues arose after returning home and discovering I had left a small cosmetics bag in the hotel. Called housekeeping to be told nothing had been handed in. No contact number, etc. asked for and quite a curt call. Disappointed by this level of service I emailed - twice  - and still awaiting a response. Called again when I realised I had packed some earrings in the bag for safety (ironic, eh?) and housekeeping more user friendly this time and did ask for a number to call me back on but, yip, still awaiting that call. Definitely expected more from a Hilton hotel and extremely disappointed at…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay ,"My friend and I went to see Dreamgirls at the Savoy Theatre this weekend and booked to stay in this hotel overnight. The hotel is in an excellent location; a 15 minute walk to Waterloo station, a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden and a 5 minute walk to the Savoy Theatre. The hotel is also surrounded by lots of other theatres including The Lyceum. The room was spacious, exceptionally clean and beautifully presented. In addition, the staff were welcoming, friendly and very helpful. We really enjoyed our stay. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Date night ,Arrived on a Saturday at 6.30pm (this is relevant because free parking on any single yellow line - for those who don't know). Perfect location in the middle of all the theatres as close to everytthinggggggg literally. Checked in with a wonderful gentleman named Monty from Hong Kong. Greatest service I have received in along time considering I'm abit of a globe trotter and have stayed in amazing hotels. He went above and beyond to make me and my partner feel special. Breakfast was all you can eat And amazing. The room was clean and a well presented. Highly recommend the hotel and breakfast!  Very enjoyable stay! ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Lovely hotel in a good location for theatre district.   Staff are friendly, rooms are comfortable and the wifi is solid.  Only 2 downsides... we couldn't use the AC because the smell coming out of it was horrendous... like raw sewage.  They are very slow at serving coffee at breakfast, you are nearly finished before you get one!",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good standard hotel in great location,"Decent hotel in a fantastic location for lots of shows, bars, Covent Garden etc, all on doorstep. All staff very pleasant. Upgraded to exec room to have lounge access. Well worth it as had breakfast there and a few drinks early evening before heading out each night. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gift from family Tea at the Waldorf,"As a treat from family we had a gift of tea at the Waldorf, decided to make the most of it and stay for the night and had a superior room.  As part of the gift it included the Shard. The Shard kept the voucher ARGHHH we arrived and hit a problem with the staff at the Waldorf for tea, the attitude was not good or helpful, you will have to pay and claim back etc. not friendly we had booked a room and upgraded at £300.00 plus. The room was clean and comfortable but i did expect more from this Hotel. Cold colours and interior, not impressive at all, such a disappointment, so much so I took no photographs as not impressed that much for the cost. Breakfast was not that good ....Bacon was like cardboard been too long under the silver dome!!! Will not be going back . My experience is…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip to London,"Organised a trip to London and thought the Waldorf would be a good hotel to try.  Arrived at the hotel, the doorman was very friendly and welcoming as were the reception staff.  Our room was on the second floor, 225, and it was quite warm, to cut a long story short the air conditioning didn't work so in the morning we mentioned this and were given another room.  This room was smaller but the air con did work, fifth floor, 537, however what we thought was the drone of the air con was actually an undertone of machinery which was annoying.  We didn't mention this because we had already been moved once.  We thought both the rooms had a very average clean and we did expect better than that, the breakfast was very ordinary and nothing particularly great.  The linens were clean and…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Sadly average - staff brilliant, basics less so","It's 40 odd years since I last stayed in this hotel and whilst the standard of staff service has not altered the attention to basic detail has certainly gone down. Great shame. To be met and assisted with baggage and granddaughter's buggy was greatly appreciated (in fact all of the staff couldn't have been more helpful whenever I moved around the hotel with the buggy) however further promises of assistance were not followed through.  1) Checked in at noon knowing our two rooms wouldn't be ready.  Staff assured us that they would message us when room was ready, This never happened, when asked again around 4.00pm were told of course they were.  2) Both reserved rooms were on 6th floor one was fine and the other not big enough to accommodate cot (as requested) so we asked to see a…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice location and good gym facilities,"A very nice historical building in centre of London. Good location to tourist attraction. If you need breakfast look for another place, here it's over priced with low quality.  Obs, the cappuccino was very good. Even as a diamond member to room was a disappointment. So only the price and location give this hotel a 4 star, rest is 2-3. So all in all over priced.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea at the Waldorf,"Please do not waste your money having afternoon tea at the Waldorf - visited with a girlfriend to celebrate our 50th birthdays & was absolutely disappointed. We sat for 20 mins past our allocated slot & had to remind the staff we were waiting. The room was uninspiring - not all the tables were laid & there wasn't a flower in sight - reminded me of a school dining hall. I sat next to a pillar with paint chipped off it looking into a glass fronted walk in fridge. Food arrived & they had not taken any notice of the pre booked info regarding an eating preference. The top tier of cakes looked like they had been thrown on the cake stand, the sandwiches were larger than expected - hardly dainty , there were 4 scones but only enough jam & cream for 2, total lack of cutlery - no pastry…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dressed to impress !,"I stay in hotels a lot!  when I say a lot I mean about 2-3 times a week (all over the UK)  Without doubt the Waldorf is the best hotel of its price range in the Uk ,  As you approach the building two helpful bowler hatted  doormen greet you with a smile  take care of your luggage and that's the start of a wonderful experience  if you want to feel speacil then the staff at this hotel  will put themseleves out and ensure you are - this added to the classic surroundings just added to a wonderful relaxed weekend, where all our needs were catered for  The hotel  position  is just fantastic walking distance to most Westend theatres and only 5mins walk from Covent Garden easy access to the Thames and the city makes for us the perfect location  The Gym facilities were the best I have…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"My husband and I stayed at the London Waldorf Hilton for our first visit to London and it made our stay. We enjoyed everything about the hotel. Our room was spectacular, the staff was amazing, and their executive lounge was the best we have ever seen. It is located in the upscale theatre district and we were able to catch buses right outside the hotel to get to the major attractions. I can't say enough about this hotel. Thanks to the staff for making our visit to London so enjoyable!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location - relaxed yet formal setting,"Room 718 was well appointed, but small. Really handy location for Covent Garden and theatres. We had a fabulous one night break - handy stroll to the Ivy and Mousetrap. Classic British night out.  Stall really helpful and professional.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,wheelchair users avoid.,"If you are fully dependant of people and your wheelchair then this hotel isn't for you. the rooms are lovely and big, but there is no overhead hoist and the hoist that we had to hire (as the hotel don't provide one) didn't go under the bed.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The hotel service team was a complete let down,"Day 1: Upon check-in when I arrived at 2pm I was informed my room was not ready yet. I was informed by the desk I would be called when my room was ready. So I went to bar and had a very expensive drink and a small bite to eat. The waitress was very difficult to get her attention, she was extremely slow and it was not busy. When I did finally get my drink, I had to ask her three times for a glass of water. I never received a call. I had to go back to the front desk at 3:30 to discover my room was not ready. The canapes of seared tuna and shrimp were delicious I have to say.  Day 2: I was gone from the room from 10am-3pm. When I arrived, my room was still not cleaned. I called to ask for it to be cleaned, and I was informed by housekeeping they have no control over that. I went to…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel at decent price,"If I didn't have access to the executive lounge, which was quite good, I would have been disappointed in this hotel.  My experience with the staff was inconsistent over the course of the 5 nights/6 days that we stayed on a recent vacation to London.  While the accommodations were lovely from a historic perspective and the location near Covent Garden is great for theatre access, I can't help think they are missing the opportunity to really shine.  I reached out to the concierge for a few questions and he was very ho hum--better, more helpful information on google.  Breakfast service was inconsistent, ironically better on the weekend when it was more crowded than during the week; my room on first night was very noisy (near elevators) much better after moving for subsequent nights;…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wide spectrum of qualities,"Stayed 3 nights at this hotel. My impression of this establishment was often springing from one side of the pendulum to another.   The good: human staff, virtual staff ""Handy"" (a cell phone), and dinner. The bad: Room 104, and the breakfast.   My assigned room had a musty smell, which was resolved when I turned on the AC. The vent blew air over the bed, which was resolved when I turned off the AC. Eventually, I chose to keep the AC on to keep the stale air at bay at the expense of my sleep quality. The room also had no sound insulation, and I don't think the conversations in hall were meant to be heard. So, I used earplugs, which helped.   Being my first Hilton in London, I kept an open-mind about Waldorf Hilton London. But I specifically asked for a quiet room, and such request…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in london,"We thought we would treat ourselves to a nice hotel for our special weekend away as it was part of a wedding present.  To be honest it was basic and no different to a lot of cheaper hotels. The staff were lovely, they were attentive and polite. All l can guess is you are paying for the location which is bang in the middle of theatre land. The breakfast was all you needed but l wish they got it right with fried eggs. This is not the only hotel by a long way, they were like rubber.....l have stayed in hotels all over the world and to be honest the premier inns have one over on the top ones on this score. They will always cook your breakfast to order, much nicer it's always hot. They have got that right.  A little disappointed.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"Was in London to see Beautiful with my daughters. The Waldorf was clean, comfortable. The staff were helpful & friendly. Thought it a bit overpriced even for London but would stay again for a special occasion.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Phenomenal Visit,"I cannot say enough good things about this visit. I'm a Hilton Diamond member so I've stayed in quite a few and this one was exceptional. The service was top notch and the rooms were gigantic for city center standards. The hotel was clean and the breakfast was great. We did both the executive lounge and dining room and both were great. The bar downstairs is the perfect spot to wind down for the night before retreating to your room. I want to give a special thank you to the Concierge, Daniel Firth who truly went above and beyond. My husband decided he wanted to go to a Chelsea match in the middle of a cruise through Norway. Since we were unable to buy tickets online and had no cell service, I emailed the concierge and crossed my fingers. Not only did he get us tickets but he got…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Hotel was lovely. Excellent location. Only problem we had was even though we had booked a pre theatre dinner. Starting at 5.30 we were still waiting at 7.05 for dessert, even though we asked several times for it to be served. This meant we had to hurry the last course. Not good as it was pre theatre. We arrived at the theatre with one minute to spare. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family trip,Stayed one night we stayed in a family room which was spacious and comfortable. Plenty of lovely toiletries and dressy gowns and slippers unfortunately you had to pay for the wifi which was surprising. We had a meal in the Homage restaurant which absolutely delicious. Breakfast was very good and plenty of it. Lastly the staff were professional very polite and helpful. Wonderful place to stay. ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Room was dirty, black mound around top of bath, shower didn't work and no compensation offered even when we brought it to reception attention. Wait for breakfast was 20mins stood in corridor, breakfast was only average...plates dirty",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Took my money twice,"I can't believe this hotel, I booked with booking.com and they took a hold of the agreed rate from my bank. On arrival I paid full price, all quite normal. All my drinks from room service - they also took a hold of the money on my card. On check out I paid in full. Well, guess what, they still have a hold on my money. They are keeping the hold until 28 May, even though I stayed in the hotel on 16 April, so they get to keep a hold on my money for 6 weeks!!!  The worst part was when I called the hotel (twice now) they make me feel like they have done me a favour by releasing the hold.......which is still not released. A favour!?!?  I tried to call the hotel General Manager, the manager was away of course so I got to speak to the duty manager. She promised that someone would call…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Always a welcoming place to stay, the suites are awesome","We stay here at least once a year because the entire West End theatre district is within walking distance.  So, we go for a long weekend, see 4-5 shows in a few days, and base out of the Waldorf Hilton.  Convent Garden is about three blocks away, Somerset House and the Cortauld Collection is one block south-east, and Trafalgar Square is about 300 meters west.    We always pay for access to the Executive Lounge.  It is worth it.  They have a full breakfast; scones, cake, and sandwiches from 3pm to 5pm; and hot hors d oeuvres with a full open bar from 6pm until 8pm.  Coffee and tea available from early morning until 11pm.    For convenience, nearby there are two grocery stores (Tesco), pharmacy/drug stores, etc.  There are also a lot of restaurants nearby.  There is a little…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Things that made it average,I had an executive suite on the third floor. If to want to start your day on the wrong foot design a shower like the one at he Hilton Waldorf ..the worst design ever. Who puts the control lever behind the access door? Dumb also the internet access was spotty and frustrating as well. The lobby had an overwhelming floral smell which couldn't be avoided. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was comfortable and modern and an easily accessible location. Its these small issues that make the rating lower,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay!,"Took a chance and got executive level room. The room is located on the second level; so very accessible by the stairs. The executive lounge has a hot breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening snacks with alcohol. The room was large and I was a little nervous when I heard the street noise.  I soon realized that the sound windows were not closed. Once closed the street noise was not any issue.  Would definitely stay at this property again.  :) ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,classical hotel in heart of london,especially  good service and attention by staff.the surroundings were full of history but the facilities were modern.on the expensive side but in the centre of London at the doorstep of theatres restaurants and business,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just a big name,"Expected a lot more quality for this brand. The location is great, but the basics are lacking. They have small rooms, and thin walls. Nothing special offered. i know it's London and space is limited. However, if you don't get a good price, it's not worth it.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central,Lovely central hotel handy for theatre land. And you can get lots of Good meals in it and around it. Just go and enjoy but book early and think about using HHonors points to help control the price. I would just go. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,expected better,beautiful old building stayed one night on coach trip room 531 very clean but not very big and the view was a brick wall it was very warm in the room even with aircon set to lowest temp and highest fan shower was a nightmare to work out and ended up getting drench in freezing cold water but was nice when worked it out we had complimentary afternoon tea but the sandwiches were very dry like they had been mass produced and left to dry out rang reception at 5pm to book a table for 10pm and was told it was fully booked but we could come down at 9.30 pm and wait to see if they could fit us in so didn't bother breakfast next morning was lovely plenty of choice for everyone the staff were lovely very friendly but don't wave any money about as they will whip it out your hand faster than…,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,After Cruise London Stay,"The location was great.  Saw everything we wanted to see.  Wa able to walk to several sites.  Bus and Train access close to the hotel.  The hotel was great.  Clean, services great, and overall experience great.  Will be returning next year and will stay at the Waldorf Hilton.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London break,"A lovely old hotel in a prime location, we return here every year. The staff are highly trained, professional but friendly and very welcoming. It is very comfortable and the food is prepared to a high standard. There are many nice touches, the flowers, the pianist and the harpist are pleasant additions to the atmosphere",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Off The Pace,"A lovely hotel, perfect location  It took over half an hour to get our luggage up to the room which was a tad irksome, (the porter failed to tie up our ticket to our room number), so that was an issue when we wanted to get to a show  We rocked up past midnight after a meal at The Ivy and a show, came in one of the entrance doors and and we were told in no uncertain terms that there was a private wedding and we could not go any further, the delivery of the two bouncers, (that is what they looked like' and behaved like), was poor, and quite a let down for this establishment  So service is not what it should be, nor what it purports to be  In my view, they should have a good look at their service culture, it's just not good enough, and leaves a sour taste, after all, at around £400…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a delight,"Hotel has such lovely character. Staff are helpful, polite and credit to the hotel. Hidden gem to have a swimming pool. Stayed in suite and room was spotless and decor classic to the period of the hotel. Concierge were so helpful. Exec lounge another great asset. Location brilliant for theatre land and attractions. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Executive Lounge Had Issues, Otherwise Good Stay","My wife and I are Hilton Diamond members and we stay at Hiltons for good reason.  We really enjoyed our last stay at the Waldorf but during this visit we had some issues.  First, the desk clerk wanted our passports because we're Yanks-- true enough, but we're here on visas and we don't carry our passport as we have a UK address, although our Hilton membership goes to our US overseas box on a RAF base.  After some negotiation we got it straightened out that an ""APO"" is the same as a UK address.  Next, I find a ""helper"" device in our room, something of a large smart phone.  To use it, I have to enter my e-mail address and consumer data.  Does anyone on God's green earth really think I need more marketing e-mails?  Not helpful-- it didn't work, I guess because I didn't enter my…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our Anniversary,"We spent two lovely nights at the Waldorf Hilton and were very spoiled during our stay there. First the location is prime for many local attractions we wanted to visit like Tower of London, St Pauls Cathedral, London Eye,  theaters, shopping, dining and more. Second we were received at our room with a dessert cake beautifully prepared to celebrate our anniversary. another great feature of the room was a free mobile phone for room use with free long distance calling and internet with guide to city, came in handy for us.Third the location is great for commuting around town because a bus stop is right in front of hotel. Last but not least, the staff was very accommodating and very nice and if you have access to the executive lounge it is a great experience as well. Overall I would…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury and convenience,"I stayed here for just one night where me and my dad got a room each, both on the same floor but his being twice the size of mine for some reason despite costing the same. The hotel was indeed very luxurious and located in the heart of London city, making it a fantastic base to sight see and visit all the major attractions, and the station we got off at was Temple which was only a 6 min walk. The rooms were nice and clean, also equipped with a shower cap in addition to the usual toiletries like soap, shampoo and lotion. The room had a nice big TV, the shower was strong and easy to use, and the bed was so comfortable  I didn't want to get up in the morning!  Breakfast is not included and costed an extra £16 for just the continental and extra for any hot things like porridge etc,…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A five star hotel,"A five star hotel in an excellent location in london close to theatre land and main shopping areas. It was a lovely day and it is a nice walk to many locations, for central london  the price was not excessive and the facilities etc well worth  it.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and helpful staff,"Great hotel located in theater disctict. Right by a bus stop. Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, underground. Very centrally located. Room was clean and beautiful. It was also so quiet. We were just off the elevators and didn't hear a thing. Staff was so helpful. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel in perfect location!,"Came to London for my 60th birthday with my daughters and granddaughter. Had a wonderful stay at The Waldorf Hilton. Everything about it was wonderful , from the staff to the lovely spacious room. Even the lovely gesture of leaving me a birthday cake in the  room.  Perfect location for the theatres [Lion King is out of this world !] shops and major attractions . Cant wait to come back.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very nice stay ,"This is a very well located hotel in the centre of London.  The staff are very friendly, and were always happy to help out with anything that was needed. The executive lounge and breakfast buffet were also very nice, they are worth using if available.  The room is great; a reasonable size, functional, nicely decorated and maintained, and very comfortable.  I very much enjoyed my stay here, and would definitely recommend it to others.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special treat ,My husband book the Waldorf as  a special treat for my daughter and I. We arrived later on the Friday evening . At check in the gentleman was very unhelpful considering I was travelling with a younger child. There was no personal service and we were left to handle all our heavy bags up the stairs!  The room was incredibly small and not clean. The bathroom look as if it needed a good dust around the sink area. My daughter was very thirsty after travelling for 6 hours and noticed the bottle of water in the room that basically said 'don't touch unless you upgrade to our silver/ gold rewards!  It great at 11.30pm . Breakfasts were another massive issue ... disorganised and rude staff doesn't even describe it.. waiting for over 15 minutes for milk for a cup of tea all 3 mornings and…,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Friendly Staff,"The Hilton is located in the theater district, close to the Underground, great restaurants, theaters and Trafalgar Square.  The staff was friendly and very helpful. The breakfast was included with our stay and we found it to be excellent.  The bar is just off the lobby and is a comfortable place for a drink before dinner or after the theater.  I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton in good location for theaters and musicals,"We got to choose our room before check-in in the Hilton app. We chose a room on the first floor as other travelers had recommended this. The room was too warm, small but clean. We asked them to fix the AC, and they did came directly to fix - but there was no change in temperature that we were able to notice. The crew were nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is good, and very well suited for visiting musicals or theaters.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldord London,"I travel to London multiple times a year for work, but this trip was to take my son to a football (soccer) game.  A friend suggested I try this hotel, and was glad I did.  The location is perfect, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.  The breakfast that came with our stay was great, and had a tremendous choice.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, but","The moment you walk in you are greeted by warm and friendly staff - The room was warm and cosy, bed very comfortable. There was everything you needed in the room. We had breakfast in bed as it was our honeymoon, and that was brought by a very happy smiling lady. The only bugbear was that the shower wasn't great. There wasn't enough hot water, and the shower head must have had limescale as it was spraying everywhere. That was the only thing that let it down. So would be great if they sorted this out. That is why I haven't given it an excellent score.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury night out in the heart of London,The moment you step foot at the Waldorf Hilton you are treated as royalty whether you enter in Jeans or Suit Staff well dress and the manners and to put a smiley face all the time The Hotel is great  The added bonus of the use of the leisure facilities i like to use Sauna,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An improvement!,"Although this stay was an improvement on our last visit, I do still feel there is room for improvement! We stayed for one night to attend a show at the Coliseum. We once again booked an Executive room, and this is well worth the extra money because using the executive lounge saves a lot of money. We made full use of this on our visit this time, arriving at the hotel at 10.15 a.m. we managed to have breakfast on the Saturday, and the choice is excellent. We also had the afternoon tea at 3 p.m. and returned to the lounge at 6 to have a couple of glasses of Prosecco before attending the theatre. The lounge is open all day and getting hot and soft drinks at any time saves a fortune! On to our room, once again a little disappointed with this, but we have come to the decision the…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Upgraded to executive lovely room comfy bed very quite .Enjoyed stay very central for west end Covent Garden .food and service in restaurant superb however not impressed with someone's dirty socks left in the drawers,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love staying here,"We always stay here when in London.  It is central to see a show and convenient for Convent Garden.  We always book an executive room or suite as you gain access to the executive lounge,  you can have afternoon tea and pre show drinks all included in the price of your room.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Improved,We stayed at the Waldorf as part of our 38th wedding anniversary due to me not booking our other hotel in time.  We had stayed before but were not impressed.  This time was different. The room and shower were superb.  Service was excellent and the hotel had a different good vibe to it.  Only slight downside was even though we missed the rush for breakfast they were short on eggs and beans and no hurry to top up.   Would recommend you have breakfast in outer room as very hot in breakfast area  Excellent location for Leicester Sq Covent Garden etc.  Try the Ivy for breakfast lunch or dinner worth it  Would book the Waldorf again,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful older hotel with a charming staff,"I stayed here four evenings for business.  The room was lovely, the hotel is in a great location and the staff couldn't be more polite and pleasant - they were very helpful - even telling me where to go to find a birthday cake at 7AM!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor & dirty,"You would expect the Waldorf to be a top class hotel, but I was very disappointed! The room was very basic & dirty. Basic I can accept, although not for the Waldorf especially at the price charged; but dirty is unacceptable at any hotel. I will not be staying again & cannot recommend. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our home from home in london,We stay at the Waldorf 3 to 5 times a year. We receive first class treatment from the first class staff who do their upmost to make sure you have everything you could possibly want. From check in to check out you are made to feel special. The location is perfect for anything you want in London. This is an old building with plenty of character but with modern rooms with all the facilities you could possibly want. The management are always carrying out improvements to keep the hotel up to date. Why would anyone stay anywhere else? We won't!!!!! Great!!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Comfortable Hotel,"Loved this classic upscale hotel in a great location! Convenient to Covent Garden eateries, the tube, and the west end theaters! Did I mention there are great pubs in the area too? Front desk staff were pleasant and extremely accommodating. Room was a decent size and very quiet even on a major London street. Would definitely stay here again even though it was a bit pricey. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,wow fab time,"stay for one night only and wish it was for longer the hotel has 1st class staff, friendly and helpful the hotel was spotlessly clean. breakfast was very good and a very large choice. room was large and bright with all the extras plus more. don't think about it book it 1st class hotel",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Right in the centre,"From the minute I got there I Felt special from the doorman to the concierge to being shown to my room every thing about it showed what an impressive hotel this was, breakfast in the dining room was what you expect in such beautiful surrounds, friendly service in the lounge waiting for friends before you go out and enjoy another day in the centre of the best city in the world. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely bar,Great bar with a really nice atmosphere. Piano player was very enjoyable. Staff very attentive and friendly. Nibbles on table to go with drinks which was a nice touch. Lovely part of London as near Covent Garden. Beautiful hotel with lots of history.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a five star hotel should be like,"Our daughter booked this amazing hotel for us for a special occasion and it was all we could have asked for.  She is a diamond  member of their club and so got us an upgrade but Wow what a beautiful suite.  We were met at reception by the customers service manager, taken to the club lounge and offered complimentary afternoon tea because our room was not quite ready, nice touch. We were then called to say the room was ready and refused guidance thinking we could easily find it.  We were rescued by a lovely Irish Chef who not only showed us to our room but got house- keeping to offer us two complimentary drinks because of our distress?   They really know how to look after you at this hotel and we were made to feel very special. We would stay there again in a heart beat.  It is…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A peaceful and comfortable place to call home,"Our family felt right at home at the Hilton Waldorf. After a busy day of sightseeing it was always a comfort knowing we would have a restful night's  sleep at the Waldorf. The location was perfect for visiting all areas of London. Bus stops and sight seeing tour buses were right outside the door or just around the corner. The staff was welcoming and it was so nice to be greeted warmly when coming and going each day. It is a special location being so close to the theaters, the Thames,  Covent Garden, the City, and buses. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Solid Stay!,"Very well pleased with the appointment of the room, the helpfulness of the staff. Overall spot on in delivering a High End Hotel experience in heart of London West End. Going to be very hard to stay anywhere else when in UK.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply the best hotel stay I have ever had,I booked this hotel through another website other than HHilton Honors.  I got a fantastic price for the flight and this fabulous hotel.  I have stayed at this hotel one other time in London but I usually stay at a hotel with a lower price point than the Waldorf Hilton.  Upon check in I was informed that because I had not booked on HHilton Honors I wouldn't receive points toward the stay but I would be receiving the other amenities that came with my rewards level.  I asked if the mini bar could be cleaned out so I could have a place to store perishable food and drinks but they went one further and supplied me with a small refrigerator.  The location of this hotel is really good.  My wife had recent knee replacement surgery so we were trying to keep up our steps to a minimum and…,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A touch of class in the west end,"Sometimes it's the little touches that make the difference.   For me, it was a man in a bowler hat bowing as I left the hotel. I don't think that's ever happened to me before. It's things like this that will make me remember my stay at the Waldorf Hilton.  Immediately from check-in we were looked after, attentive staff we only a glance away but never over-bearing. They always made sure we had everything we needed.  The hotel itself is smack bang in the middle of the west-end and you have central London at your disposal - you can't really go wrong from there!  We stayed in a family room which was spacious, comfortable and well equipped. Excellent room service choices and easy check-out made our stay problem free!  Unfortunately we only stayed for one night and didn't try out many…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family Vacation,"The hotel Is situated within a 10 - 30 minute walk of all the major tourist attractions. The concierge was a font of information, and helped us get fantastic seats for Wicked. The entire staff was wonderful, and extremely customer service oriented. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton Theatre Stay,"Lovely stay at this prestigious Hotel. Rooms were spacious and well appointed and spotless. Very comfortable beds , room was airy and not too hot  , also  nice and quiet. Staff very polite and helpful. Stunning dining room! Well located for theatres and restaurants. Lovely all round!  ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Venue,"Stayed at the Waldorf and I must say it was a fantastic experience the staff were very polite & helpful, the only criticism was that we had to queue for 15 minutes one morning for breakfast admittedly it was the morning of the London marathon but having a year or so to prepare I would have thought a hotel of this stature would have planned and prepared better. Aside of that would thoroughly recommend . ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great stay,"We spent the weekend with friends in the Waldorf and I have to say it was great. From the moment we arrived the staff were friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms were well equipped and the ""Handy"" phone is a great idea. It is a mobile in your room that you can take around London with you for the duration of your stay and has useful apps like sightseeing maps and restaurant and theatre booking.  We would definitely stay again and recommend to everyone. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for theater lovers,"The hotel is in a great location should you want to see various shows.  The staff are friendly, professional and kind.  The hotel is clean and well kept.  All the public transportation is easily accessible at or near the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Lovely Week in London,"When my husband & I visited London four years ago, we stayed at the Waldorf Hilton. Our stay was so wonderful, we knew we wanted to return for our most recent vacation. We even requested the exact room we had previously had & they were able to accommodate us! In addition, the Waldorf offers one of the best and expansive breakfast experiences I have had the pleasure of feasting upon!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Apart from breakfast a really good hotel,A very good hotel with friendly staff and good facilities in an excellent location. The room was great and it was comfortable and quiet. There is a good pool and gym. Breakfast was only so so with scrambled eggs that looked as if they had been cooked yesterday and the bacon required a steak knife it was so tough! The rest of the breakfast was fine but I wouldn't eat breakfast here unless it was included in the price  ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break with my 19yr old daughter's,"My daughter and I stayed for 2 nights at this hotel. We had a wonderful stay, it's right in the heart of the west end and as we went to see 42nd Street it was perfect. Taxi's were outside all the time too for easy access and there is also a tube station close by. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for Business and Tourism,Excellent service from the time we registered until the time we left. Very attentive staff and concierge.  Bar was cozy.   Rooms somewhat small. Close to major attractions like theatres and tourist favorites.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A SPECTACULAR CLASSIC...,"This was a great Hotel, I don't have enough adjectives to describe what a great experience we had at The Waldorf... The hotel is conveniently located a short walk from Covent Garden Station. In the heart of the theater district the hotel is in a perfect location for getting and doing anything you want; from catching a play to shopping to sightseeing to sitting in a cafe and people watch. From the moment you walk in to The Waldorf you call feel the history of the building with it's classic design and furnishings. The staff is impeccable and the room was spacious and very comfortable. The breakfast was delicious with a bountiful of options to please your taste buds and belly. If going to London for business or pleasure I can't recommend The Waldorf enough...",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff!! ,"I stayed here 2 nights ago, and the 2 people who caught my eyes were Ahmed and Monty!! Monty was very helpful and had an amazing personality and was very friendly bare in mind it was late at night! Ahmed and Monty both helped us find a place which was open for night life as we are not from around the area, and went out of their way to make sure we found somewhere nice. This was a  lovely stay and I will be coming back!  ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, disappointed with front desk service","Visited this hotel and arrived on Good Friday from the US.  Exhausted we arrived at around 11 am after flying al night.  I had requested an early check in as I am a long time Hilton honors member.  I did not get it and that I understand since it is by availability, but we were told that ch ck out is at noon and we should expect a room no later than 3 pm.  The hotel is basically in the theatre district by the strand, Waterloo bridge, London eye and lots of dining.  At first it seems out of the way but it really is not.  It is a good location.  We walked all over town and arrived at 3:15 exhausted going on almost 2 days of no sleep, who can sleep in a plane, not me.  We also had theatre tickets at 7:30 but of course it was at Leicester Square which was a good 10 to 15 minute walk…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Return Stay,"Our return visit to the Waldorf Hilton exceeded our expectations.  The room, the service, the Executive Lounge, front desk and concierge staff were wonderful.  We especially want to recognize Senior Guest Relations Manager, Adrian Rodriquez, for his response to an email inquiry prior to our stay and Alice, hostess in the Executive Lounge, who was always friendly and accommodating.     The hotel location is great for shows, restaurants and transportation.  We plan to stay at the Waldorf Hilton again when we return to London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A home away from home,"It is very nice to travel so far from home to find people that will make your stay a comfortable and friendly one. The help and warmth we received from the staff made all the difference. From Jenna in the front desk, Luis, Anton, Joaquim in the lobby/concierge area, Alvaro in the executive lounge and Rebecca in housekeeping. I don't usually remember names when I travel, but these people were very kind and caring and that made it impossible to forget them. It has become my place to stay in London. This was my fourth visit.The hotel, for me, is in the perfect location, being near plenty of restaurants, theaters, shops and attractions. I can't wait to go back!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A funny experience!,"I took my friend who visiting me from Taiwan,for a treat. When we arrived the tearoom, we were welcomed by a friendly staff and guided us a table. The room was not busy or not too crowded ether which was great for the ambience but I felt the deco of the room let down the reputation. I did not feel like we are privilege to be there. Also I felt like the staffs need to be retraining. We could have that sort of service from any local cafes. I was not expect very casual service, so I was confused, perhaps I was expecting high quality service, but far from it. I looked the next table to us who were 2 ladies waiting for their tea, they were puzzled too. We just laughed at each other. When we had our tea arrived, there was not lactose free which I specifically ask for my friend and…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mamma Mia and Some Hilton,"Stayed here in one of the King Suites, lovely hotel and very close to all the major sites.   Great bathroom and bed with a lovely walk in wardrobe.   Would stay again in a instant.  Very close to Covent Garden and The West End which has loads of places to bring food back if the hotel does not take your fancy.   We stayed for 2 nights and brought in Shake Shake which was amazing and ate at Bodeans around the corner which again was very good. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great area,"We stayed at this hotel as a sort of extended layover. We were flying onto another country and decided to stay one night and see as much of London as we could. This hotel has impeccable service and a great location in the West End. We were able to walk to Westminster Abbey, Covent Garden shops,Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. There were many restaurants, pubs and shops nearby. Perfect for our very short visit. Will definitely stay there again on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, amazing breakfast","I always stay at this hotel when I visit London. The one time I didn't I regretted it (but did head down to the Waldorf for breakfast!)  The rooms are old but well appointed, a good size and quiet. The hotel is very smart. The staff are incredibly friendly and courteous (especially Ibrahim who was manning the desk at breakfast a couple of days ago).   The breakfast is great. The waffles in particular are very nice indeed. The buffet gives lots of variety. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Management of exec lounge unacceptable,"I've stayed at this hotel many times before but never before in any hotel (or anywhere else) have i ever been so humiliated by a member of staff.   When i was checking out, i went to pay in the exec lounge, i gave the girl my card to pay, she tried & it didn't work, so she decided to announce to me & all the other guests that the bank had stopped my card!, when i asked for my debit card back the girl refused & took it away (to who knows where) a little while later a manager arrived, he assured that the bank had refused to make a large payment. He did however offer an apology & a free upgrade on any return visit.  When i called my bank they told me there never had been a block on my card, but the Waldorf had simply tried to take out the money incorrectly.   ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London exceeded all our expectations!,"We returned to our honeymoon hotel to celebrate our Golden Wedding and my 75th Birthday ! Our honeymoon bedroom was reserved for us and we were treated to lots of extra finishing touches to help us celebrate.Without exception all the staff we spoke to were polite, courteous and friendly with big smiles !! What did stand out was that they were all passionate about the high standards of the Waldorf and, unlike some of the top city hotels where we have stayed in Europe were really well trained in their jobs. To summarise,  a lovely base for a visit to London, we highly recommend it and can't wait to return !!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A night away,"Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Mainly the hotel well maintained except for the chairs in the bar.We were shown to a table where both the chairs had rips in the seams and one had a hole in. The staff were apologetic they and knew the chairs were like it. The duty manager spoke to us, again very apologetic but she also was aware the chairs were like this. The following evening we again went to the bar making sure we sat in different chairs only to find the seams in theses were ripped too! For an excellent hotel, who served excellent drinks and food, we did not expect such poor seating and unfortunately this did put us off what is otherwise a very good hotel.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A WONDERFUL stay!,"Apologies, it's taken a while to get back and review. The Waldorf in London was amazing. The room was spectacular, the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and the food was great. The bed was wonderful. Breakfast, especially, was a real treat, both my husband and mother-in-law agree. We will certainly come back to stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A large comfortable hotel in central London,This is a very good stylish and comfortable hotel in London. The rooms are elegant and well equipped. The staff are always very helpful. The restaurant is very good. It is very well located for Covent Garden and the theatres.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best place we have stayed in years,"This hotel was the best place we have stayed in years!  It was extremely clean, the staff were extremely helpful and our experience was wonderful!  We only had trouble figuring our how to turn on and off the lights but I think that was definitely our problem and not theirs!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything is right at this convenient grand old hotel,"I was pleased to get a night at this hotel using a relatively small number of Hilton Honors points I had accumulated.  This is a grand old hotel, not quite in the luxury class. But so far as I could see everything was in good condition and well maintained.  My experience is limited to the accommodation. I was in central London for a weekend break and had no need to use any of the Hotels leisure, dining or bar facilities.  But I couldn't really fault any of my experience with the accommodation or service. The room was maybe a tiny but small, but had everything I wanted. The bed was comfortable with quality bedding. The air conditioning worked well, the temperature was always right. The room and bathroom were very clean. The complimentary wifi was easy to use and fast. The…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treated like ROYALTY *****,"I always heard about The Waldorf Astoria and never had the chance to stay until last weekend when I booked a room for my boyfriends' birthday.  The hotel is in a perfect location in the heart of Covent Garden.  The room was very spacious and everything you needed was catered for. I loved the slippers and the bathrobes - what a treat.  There was also a smart phone that allowed us to make free phone calls.  Great service.  Breakfast was the best I ever had with the full works.  Nice bacon, divine scrambled egg and service was second to none.  One lift was out of service but it did not affect us. Dinner was amazing -  see separate review. Concierge very helpful too. Aoife at reception and Ibrahim in restaurant were the real stars and made us feel so welcome. Cannot wait to come…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Totally awesome,We visited this hotel because my wife was celebrating her 40th - we booked into a Hilton Honours Executive Room - we turned up really early on the friday morning by accident - however this was not a problem and we were checked into a superb room - the staff couldn't do enough for us through out our stay - and the exec lounge more than lived up to what we expected so I'd highly recommend this hotel!!!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Very dissapointed with this hotel - was honestly expecting more from a ""Hilton"". The rooms are very tired looking and old. Cleanliness in this hotel was an issue for myself and our party. Stay in London twice a year and was really looking forward to experiencing the Waldorf. Cheaper, smaller and better hotels in London.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very nice hotel which is slightly past its best,My family and I stayed three nights in total and overall our stay was fine. There were a few minor issues with the room. Having upgraded to a double double we were given a room with two double beds pushed together. There wasn't really enough space to have them separate. Although this looked fun to my young children (it looked like a giant bed/trampoline) it made for some unorthodox and inconvenient sleeping arrangements which in turn led to a few poor nights sleep.   The room itself was well maintained and looked fresh.   The shelves in the bathroom and the tea making facilities were thick with dust and I found a half eaten jar of sweets in my bedside drawer. Minor oversights as far as I am concerned. Apart from that it was very clean and tidy!  The bathroom was again well…,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ticks the box ,"Stayed here in a business trip we used all the facilities and they all ticked the boxes , rooms where clean and tidy and we also managed to get a good meal in there , the hotel is well located walking distance to Covent Garden and the embankment ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay at the Waldorf,"From the moment that I checked in till my checkout, all staff were professional. I loved the decor and the beautiful restaurant. What I would like to mention is that the spa was not heated at all and the steam room was very small, there were three people in it and we could barely move. I also would like to mention that during breakfast, the waiter forgot that I asked for coffee and then remembered when he saw me later.. But apart from that, everything was great, thanks for your hospitality. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed but still worth 5/5!,"Very disappointed by the fact that this hotel is advertised as a Waldorf hotel but it's nothing different than a simple Hilton. any specific reasons ? For my point of view if you are looking for a luxury stay, get a room at the Conrad.   The good part is that the quality of service is up to the standard and staff are very nice and helpful and still make you want to come back. :) ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Extravaganza ,"I stay approximately 50 nights per year in various Hilton properties and the excellent staff is what differentiates the Waldorf.  Big props to Alvaro and his associates in the Executive Lounge.  The Junior Suite room was clean and quiet and you simply cannot beat the location. I appreciate a well run Hotel and although I did not have an opportunity to meet the GM, clearly he is very good at his job. Highly recommend and we will definitely stay here again. Kind Regards,  The Bode Family ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A new Favorite!,"My husband and I brought my two daughters (ages 11 and 14) to London for their first ever visit.  We have been staying at the Waldorf for the past week and will be checking out tomorrow.  We will be very sad to leave.  We have been staying in a junior suite on the 8th floor.  We are using my husband's Hilton honors points to pay for the stay.  We enjoyed the wonderful British executive lounge for Hilton honors status members.  This hotel is immaculately clean.  The room is very quiet.  My husband and I agree that the king size bed and  pillows are some of the most comfortable ever.  A good rest was had by all every night.  The bathroom is on the larger size for a European hotel bathroom.  Heated towels and all bathroom amenities included.  Finally, and very important; the staff…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London- Great Location!,"As Hilton Honors member used points towards queen size room, a great idea in minimizing travel costs, unfortunately used all points, not able to mix/ match dollars & points at the hotel, perhaps now with ""new"" program others will benefit. Able to pre-check-in so chosen room had widow to street, versus into courtyard. Room was sufficient in size with storage for clothes; bath was very deep, and had a rain type shower, with my good bath products as well. Only 1 of our 5/ nites did we get chocolate treats at evening bed turn down, but always clean & tidy rooms!   We used the Concierge several times for dinner recommendations as well as theatre tickets, Excellent service, and actually everyone was was very nice and polite, and for me as a traveler, that goes along way to being…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the better Hilton properties ...,"Hilton properties can be quite inconsistent in terms of quality (particularly in the US).  This Hilton checks all the boxes with a great location (near Covent Garden and the Theaters), old-charm character combined with modern and clean rooms as well as friendly staff.   Definitely one of my favorite hotels in the area.   Note: rooms on the 8th floor are less suitable for older people as it requires to take some stairs (the elevator only goes up to the 7th floor).",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,From the moment we checked in the friendliness and efficiency of the staff was fantastic.  Nothing was too much trouble and our suite was superb and very comfortable.  We had canapés and drinks in the executive lounge prior to the theatre which was really lovely.  Great breakfast too with plenty of choice. Very good location for theatre and covent garden.  Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great position,"It is rather unfortunate that this hotel uses the Name of Waldorf, as it is different from the view of a very upmarket hotel, it is what it is and good value. On arrival we were quickly booked in and shown to our room that was average with the shower in the bath, which we found rather difficult. We went for a drink in the bar and the chair I sat in was threadbare, and service was slow.  We changed rooms to a slightly better one and everything was fine. The staff were very helpful and made every effort to accommodate. The position of the hotel for the theatres and restaurants was ideal and close-by to the river for a walk.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very let down ,"I know I'm late reviewing this but I think I need to do it. Mine and my wife's stay here was arranged for my birthday, a treat from my wife with a night at the Astoria and dinner. Well how let down was I, the only slight plus was the room was clean and robes were nice. The negatives were the rudeness of many of the staff, from reception to the restaurant, and it came across that they were doing this cos we wasn't in suits and evening dresses and brandishing wads of cash. The restaurant only had one other small party yet we were always having to get someone's attention to order a drink or our food or for our bill. I think for this level of hotel this was shambolic and disgusting and ruined my birthday while taking a fair chunk of money off me, would take a lot for me to ever…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family weekend in London,"Stayed in an executive room and the facilities were very good. Very comfortable bed. The staff, as you would expect, were very attentive and friendly. The executive lounge offering drinks and canopies was excellent.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Value,We went here for the second time for a pre theatre dinner.The food was very good though service was a bit slow.The staff were very pleasant and the special deal 3 courses with bubbly was very good value.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but I'm sure there are better places in London","Nice hotel, centrally located, but my experience was that it under-delivered. I've had far better experiences at regular Hilton's and even a Hilton Garden Inn (hat I used to be a regular at) has resulted in a more positive experience. There was nothing particularly wrong with my stay, it's just there is much better value for money to be had.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Review of Waldorf London,"The Waldorf in London is conveniently located in the West End, convenient to the Covent Garden Tube stop.  Busses pass by Aldwych, including three ""Hop On, Hop Off"" busses for tourists.  The hotel has a very good English Breakfast in the restaurant, and an Executive Lounge with breakfast, afternoon tea and evening canapes and cocktails.  The fitness center is actually Club for locals which hotel guests have access to, so the equipment is much better than the average hotel.  Staff at the hotel is quite friendly and helpful, so this hotel does merit consideration if the traveler wants to be in the London West End.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We treated ourselves to a one night stay for our wedding anniversary and were not disappointed. We booked a Superior Queen Room and arrived at 11am with the intention of leaving our bag at reception and heading out for the day, we were pleasantly surprised that we could check in there and then.  The room was on the 4th floor, there was no spectacular view, but this was of no importance to us.  Lovely decor, very comfy bed, big bathroom.  The only small criticism I have is that there was no shower cap in the box in the bathroom and not enough milk for tea/coffee, but when we rang down it was provided straight away.  Breakfast is buffet style, very tasty, plenty of choice.  All the staff we encountered were incredibly polite and smartly dressed.  We would definitely return and…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and Hilton standards,"Great location for an amazing building  turned into a hotel. Very welcoming  check -in with friendly  staff, room was huge and modern with all details you can imagine- even a mobile phone with a uk sim card to use during  your stay in London!  Very nice hotel and as usual with Hilton hotels, good quality and high standards ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, better staff!","First of all I have been remiss in writing a review of this hotel.  I thought I wrote one years ago but apparently I haven't. This is long overdue.    Let me start off with the location, I love the location.  You are near Covent Garden, the Theatre district, Soho, the Savoy hotel and probably just a 15 minute walk from the London Eye.  To me it's a prime location just off the Strand.  There is so much to walk to, if not a short cab ride should get you where you want to go pretty easily.    The staff is excellent, from Sonny at the door to Alvaro Garcia in the Executive Lounge.  When you have spent a day traveling and Sonny meets you and says welcome home, it really means something and the Waldorf does feel like a second home.  Alvaro is the new manager in the Executive lounge…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nowhere Better,"What is not to love?! It's a 5 minute walk to Holborn tube station & within hopping distance to many theatre & restaurants. 'Beautiful' is showing on one side of the hotel and 'Mama Mia' on the other.   The Waldorf has incredible customer service, fabulous (!) breakfast and actually brilliant, affordable evening dining. We were really surprised by this. If you want a pre theatre evening meal book here.   Harley runs the Premier Hilton Homage Club. If you join you will receive the most incredible package including afternoon tea. I actually love staying at this hotel. As they say - You get what you pay for!  A mention has to go to Monty on reception. This guy is outstanding! So helpful and knowledgeable.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extremel disappointing,"This  hotel had a reputation as one of the best in London when I lived In England so it was a natural choice for the most significant celebration my wife have each year which, this time, included a return from Australia. We stayed for one night on the 29th March. We booked their room dinner and breakfast deal not realising that this would begin the problems! Firstly,a dinner reservation couldn't be accommodated at 6.00pm so we could attend the theatre. Fair enough-a good restaurant gets busy. Then I was told that I would have to pay for dinner at the hotel even if we ate at an alternative venue. When I began to dispute this,suddenly a table became available at 5.30??? Of course we were still in the restaurant until 7.00pm and, at no time was it more than half full.  Then, my…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A brilliant hotel in the heart of theatre land!,Stayed here twice in March and on second occasion I was upgraded to diamond with full use of executive benefits.  My 1st stay was on business and the the room was a Queen with good space and internet connection very close to Covent Garden.  I was so impressed with the Hotel I returned a week later with my wife for a Sunday stay and we were upgraded to a King with Diamond benefits.  The staff were great from reception Monty to the valet parking and front of house.  All made you you feel welcome.  Used the hotel as a base to explore the surrounding parts of London.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent overnight stay, ideal for the theatre!","Took my mother to see 42nd Street. The Waldorf is just round the corner and can be totally recommended. We were looked  after exactly as one would expect from a hotel of this standing and enjoyed the extra touches and efficient service on offer. Breakfast is also excellent, really setting us up for a busy day London sightseeing.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rather disappointing,"Booked a deluxe double room at the Waldorf for a night when we were going to the theatre nearby. The reception is certainly efficient and looks impressive but the rooms are decidedly average - I've stayed in hotels costing half the price which gave rooms that were far larger and looked a lot better than the pokey bedroom we were in (620). The bed was comfy enough and the bathroom was OK, if looking rather tired now, but way below what would be expected. You are basically paying for the name and location really as the room is nothing special.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday surprise!,"A birthday l will never forget..my 60th birthday present from my daughter..walked in just expecting Afternoon Tea but l got to stay the night!! Everyone was so wonderful and attentive despite my tears at Reception..the staff said it was the nicest check-in they had ever had! The room was lovely with a fantastic bathroom. Drinks in the bar, where l was surprised again by a cake from the staff, who even sang Happy Birthday to me ..theatre and then back to the bar for more drinks..wonderful stay..thank you to all who made it so memorable",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Ballroom. Very Accommodating!,"Stayed for 2 nights. We arrived from Glasgow on the Caledonian Sleeper at 7am and they let us check in VERY early (8am)! Room was well appointed. Breakfast was included in the rate. Staff was helpful and tended to every need, such as our our overly warm room. We were so happy to stay here.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in the heart of the Theater district,"The Waldorf Hilton is well located to all the theaters, underground and bus with stops right outside.  It has a nice lobby with plenty of seating and bar access.  The executive lounge with breakfast, afternoon tea and evening libations was worth visiting a great place to unwind.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,"Like the grand feeling you get walking into the Waldorf Hilton. The service and attention is good and sometimes even too helpful.  Stayed for one night on business and the rooms are good, not big but you are in London. Breakfast is reasonable and not as expected. Can't win them all",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good deal,Family of 4 with older teens we visited this as part of a groupon deal - 3 courses with a glass of champagne £100 for 4. Service was excellent - unobtrusive and efficient and good was delicious - especially the starter of mackerel tartare. Alcohol was pricey but to be expected I guess and it was a nice treat for us all. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous hotel in the heart of theatreland,"The hotel is superb in terms of decor, the rooms a good size for central london and fresh and modern. No more than you would expect if you paid full price but we were lucky to get a good deal.  We would definitely stay again on a deal but obviously not on full price.  A couple of niggles but only minor and didn't detract from the stay, more for feedback.  We arrived at 15:50 and the room wasn't ready. It should have been ready at 15:00. We got in at about 16:20 which after a long journey wasn't great. I would have expected more from a top hotel. The hotel gave us complimentary nibbles and a drink which was very nice but the room on time would have been better.  The room overlooked some fairly substantial refidgeration unit I thi think so there was a constant hum / noise but…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Return visit 50 years later,"My wife and I stayed overnight Saturday/Sunday 25th March for the reason of a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. I first knew this hotel as the Waldorf Astoria,however our visit was very pleasant as the staff were exceptionally friendly and efficient. Our room met all our requirements and was very quiet and comfortable. Breakfast was more than adequate,although the room was rather noisy,staff were very polite and numerous. Excellent position for walking and seeing the sights of London both sides of the river.Public transport just outside. Further visit to be arranged. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in fantastic location in Central London,"I am a regular visitor of London, and try to stay in different areas to enjoy the city after work. This hotel is one of my favorite and looking forward staying here again April 9th  for 2 nights. Location unbeatable, as many things are on walkable distance. Hotel itself is beautiful with a touch of old grandeur. Lovely staff and willing to make the extra effort to support you!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,"Husband and I stayed here for one night last weekend, most fantastic hotel we have stayed in. More expensive then most but worth every penny Recommend breakfast to anyone booking the Waldorf but wait till you get to the hotel to get a nice discount Will definitely look forward to staying here again",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best hotel breakfast I ever had,"This hotel is Luxury, you will get luxury, both in food/comfort/materials, everything. Had a 1 night stay and I felt like a queen in the big bed, really worth if it's just one time in your life you have the posibillity to stay here, do it.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great weekend,"This is a lot of writing I don't usually enjoy doing reports since I retired. However I will make an exception in your case. This is the fourth time we have stayed here and once again had a great time once again, and we will returning shortly.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We have stayed here every year for 7 years after getting engaged here.,The hotel is beautiful clean and well kept. The staff are polite and go the extra mile always. We save to come for one night every year and always enjoy it will definitely be back next year. I wouldn't stay anyway else ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Time for a refurb,"Today I arrived at the Waldorf Hilton. The Waldorf name is a proud one and has a cachet for quality. Unfortunately I did not have a quality experience. Having checked in I was shown my room. It had an obvious air conditioning fault that would prevent sleep and it was opposite the lift and thus would likely be noisy. The room was also old and tired and had an old smell. I asked for another. This was granted cheerfully and I then went to the second room. It also had a strange old smell, did not look fresh and most importantly there was the background sound of pigeons that were roosting somewhere nearby. It sounded like they were in the roof. At this point I decided that it was time to seek another hotel and I attempted to leave. I was told that I was not giving them a chance. I…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Waldorf,"I spent the night here with my partner and found the Waldorf to be wonderful.  Gorgeous art-deco decor, fabulously friendly staff and delicious food.  Even the house wine was excellent.  Breakfast buffet was superb - everything you could possibly ask for.  Our room was lovely and clean and the bed was super comfy.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"You can not go wrong with this hotel. The location is great for tourists and particularly theatre-goers. The staff is superb and always go beyond the call of duty. The rooms are lovely having been refurbished over the last few years, and very well-appointed. The Waldorf is great value, particularly for London - I highly recommend.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed for one night in a basic room whilst going to a west end show. On arrival you were made to feel very welcome from the door man and reception. This standard continued throughout our stay. Reception was very busy but efficient. Despite checking in after the published time our room was still being cleaned. This was initially very disappointing but the receptionist immediately guided us to the cocktail bar for a complimentary drink. Good recovery! There always seemed to be a long wait for a lift but we were not disappointed with the room, despite being one of the hotel's more basic options. Well appointed with a good shower and bath but not separate.  Bed was very comfortable.  We did not dine in the restaurant in the evening but had the buffet breakfast the next day. Good…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service and great location,"I've stayed at this hotel a couple of times previously, and had problems each time. I thought I'd give it another go though, and am so pleased I did! This stay was almost perfect.  The welcome I received at check-in was warm, welcoming and friendly. The receptionist acknowledged my Hilton Honors status, and went through some of the benefits with me. The room was spotlessly clean, quiet and comfortable, and a pretty good size for London.  The afternoon tea in the executive lounge was great. It's a shame I only had time to spend a few minutes there. The times of the afternoon tea are really convenient too, 3pm to 6pm. Evening drinks and canapés in the lounge are from 6pm to 8.30pm, I believe, and we spent a while there in the evening. It was busy, but we managed to find a couple…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Be careful of the mice in the hotel,I stayed on the 7th floor of the hotel and hear a mouse in the middle of the night.  Then I saw the mouse run from under my bed to te bathroom.  I had to get moved in the middle of the night and it completely ruined my next day since I was tired the next day.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with The Waldorf Hilton London,"I am a Hilton Honors loyal member and I have visited London for business and pleasure. I did picked the Waldorf because of average reviews. I was disappointed with the room, not what I was expecting for the price and pictures in the web site. A lot of issues with Housekeeping. They don't seems to understand room need to be up to the standards. Cleaning and replacing amenities is a basic function on a four star hotel. Room service disappointed, the order came incomplete twice. Toast burned. Concierge service needs to improve. They are a few concierge seems very distracted giving the guest wrong directions.   The hotel building is very old but Hilton could do a better job. I was looking for the GM of the Hotel and never hear back from Management.  Location is very good. Front desk…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,This is the first time we have stayed at the Waldorf and it is a centrally located hotel near to Covent Garden and the west end theatres. It was a nice clean room well equipped and we had a good breakfast included as part of the deal.  Staff helpful and friendly,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Great Location, Comfortable Room.","I choose the Waldorf Hilton because of its location; I had an engagement just over the road at the LSE. The first thing to mention is the staff. They were superb. I had to drop my bags off early and when I eventually got to my room, they were there waiting for me. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was comfortable and quiet. I shall be back.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"We have just returned from this hotel after a couple of days stay. The main reason we stay here is location, location, location. As has been said many times its easy to walk to most attractions, theatres etc and there are numerous restuarants to choose from in the area. The room we had was clean, well decorated and comfortable though it has to be said they are mostly somewhat small in size. We ate in the Homage restaurant from the a la carte menu. The food was good the service excellent and the cost very competitive for a hotel restaurant. We had cocktails in Godfreys bar both nights after visiting a show. Very enjoyable though not a large bar so seating at busy times may be an issue. The only 'complaint' i would have is the total lack of response from reservations when sending…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fine but not great,"Last time we were in London we stayed at the doubletree Westminster for a week; this time we thought we'd try something more central for two nights/three days. The location was really fun - right in the heart of it all. The property was fine but the room was amazingly small and the executive lounge was so-so. I think if we came again we would go back to the doubletree Westminster (we always stay in Hilton brand hotels) - i felt the value was better there for the money even if we did have to walk a bit to get to all the action. I think the Waldorf is pretty over-rated.... you are in the heart of it all, but it's OK to be a bit farther out for some tranquility.  One more thing. The staff here was formally kind but not especially helpful. There were at least three occasions where I…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great accommodation and great service - wonderful hotel.,Stayed here on a Saturday night and at a reasonable rate for such a wonderful hotel.  The service and staff were brilliant throughout our stay and our room was superb - even managed an upgrade.  I would thoroughly recommend this hotel - breakfast room is unequalled.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not up to standard, on most services.","On arrival  check-in spent 15 minutes trying to find our booking, because of a spelling mistake. the room was very small, the decoration throughout is very tired, the room was very hot and uncomfortable and you cannot open the window, we had hot water coming out of both hot water and cold tap, went down for 8:30 AM swim doesn't open until 9 o'clock. breakfast I wish I hadn't bothered. I stayed in many central London hotels.  this is below the standard you would expect, the only good thing is it is centrally located for Covent Garden.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,More than expected,We have stayed several times in London and this hotel is one of the best we ever had. Booking a room is so easy and I recommend to reserve one with Executive Lounge access. Breakfast and two buffets in the afternoon and evening included. We enjoyed it very much.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good service,"7 years ago we stayed at this hotel. This time it was even better than the first time. The location of the hotel is great, close to theatres and good restaurants. The room was quite big and with a nice view. The hotel has an excellent service. We also enjoyed the breakfast in the hotel. I am sure we revisit this hotel soon.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect 30th Birthday celebrations,"Stayed at the Waldorf for early 30th birthday celebrations. The hotel is beautiful, and the staff could not do enough for us.We arrived at 1pm and check in wasn't until 3, so our bags were left with the concierge until we came back to the hotel to check in. The door man was extremely friendly and helpful. When we checked in we were told we were on the 7th floor, I had read a few negative reviews about a few rooms on floor 7, but we had absolutely no problem with our room. Yes we had a small round window, but we weren't planning on spending our whole stay looking out through it. I personally loved the sky light above the beds. We booked a table for dinner on the Sunday night, when we walked into the  Homage restaurant I thought it was beautiful. The staff work so hard, we were…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Xmas theatre break ,"Friendly staff  The cocktail bar downstairs was a little tired with worn seats , drab colours and mirrors that needed a polish  Cocktails were very small and lacked effort Excellent location for theatre venues  Rooms ok wasn't blown away ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great gin tasting ,We were bought a gin tasting voucher and cream teas. It was great with 4 gins each from the menu with great guides and great scones and jam. The service was first class and well worth the visit. The staff seam to know all about what they was serving you and never rushed us we was there for about four hours.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"A treat to stay in such a well known London Hotel. We ate there on Friday night,the food was excellent and reasonably priced to our surprise - the service was also fantastic wasn't over the top and was friendly and the dining rooom was beautiful. The room was nice and we particularly liked - and used -the complimentary ""handy"" IPad in our room which was great for sight seeing and a good map and helpful on the underground. All the staff we met were friendly and efficient.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class service,We will definitely be staying here again! Even my 6 year old has said how much he enjoyed his stay. My 12 year old described the service as first class. Staff were polite and couldn't do enough!! Location was perfect...,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice classic property in a great tourist location,"Just back from London where I spent one night at the Waldorf. My room was a reasonable size and an interesting (non cookie-cutter) shape.  It was a strange mix of luxury and budget, - the towels were very plush and the bedding was excellent, but the slippers were cut-rate, and the bath amenities were actually less nice than those at one of the London Doubletree properties. For whatever reason the room also had a very musty smell when I walked in, but fortunately I had a window that opened, which took care of the problem.  The bathroom was nicely decorated and had a good amount of counter space.  The shower pressure was great.  The location is tough to beat for a visitor to London.  Even though I was in town for business, it was great to be right next to the theatre district and…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We will be back!,"In late February/early March, we stayed at this hotel and it was fabulous. The property is excellent, the location cant be beat- 5 minute walk from Covent Garden tube, down the street from the Strand, near major museums and theatre, as well as down the street from the river. Loved this place! Also the breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening snacks were delicious and served elegantly. We had a few problems when we checked in and Natasha, a manager at the Front Desk, quickly responded, found solutions for us, and in doing so, showed us she really valued our business. She went above and beyond and made us feel extremely welcome and appreciated, which continued throughout our stay. What a great impression she and the staff left on us. It is because of Natasha's quick and innovative…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Short stay for a theatre break. Staff excellent and very attentive. Room (superior) quite spacious for London and in good condition. Only fault was lack of dressing gowns. Breakfast very good. Everything to a very good standard, from door staff, reception staff, restaurant staff and cleaners. Location ideal for thatres, Covent Garden, River Thames etc. Will definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, great staff, close to theaters and great restaurants","Stayed here for one night during a quick stop in London.  The hotel is in a great location for catching a play in the West End, and close to some great restaurant options in Covent Garden.  The service was excellent, every member of the staff we spoke to was great.    The rooms were a good size for London.  The hotel is older so you do see some wear in the hallways and rooms, but it was very minimal.  The rooms were not as modern as the Trafalgar Hilton or Hilton Park Lane, but they had everything we needed for a comfortable stay.  For Hilton Hhonors members, this hotel was the same amount of points as the Doubletree Marble Arch, but we enjoyed this hotel much more.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place to stay ,"We stayed in the executive suite for a girls weekend away.  This hotel was perfectly placed for the Adelphi theatre at only 2 mins walk away.  The hotel was beautifully kept and in keeping with what you would expect from a Hilton.  I can highly recommend getting use of the exec lounge included in your room rate, as this enabled us to eat and drink our way through the room rate. Prosecco is included in the drinks options from 6pm.  The room was really big and perfect for 4 ladies, although 2 of us had to sleep on the sofa bed, this was big enough for 2 small ladies.  The bath and the tv over it was fab and we felt thoroughly spoilt.  Breakfast was yummy and we didn't have to check out until 12.  Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic! ,Excellent service from all staff we came into contact with welcoming & professional. We had the pleasure of executive lounge access which was excellent relaxed atmosphere and great selection of refreshments on offer. Room was excellent clean and spacious if I had to point out one criticism it was the bed was an absolute nightmare every time my partner moved/turned over in bed I was boinging all over the place like we were sleeping on a waterbed ! Did not make for a restful nights sleep. Excellent location for theatres would absolutely return perhaps with twin beds ha ha! ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel and very central,Love this place!! Beautiful rooms and decor! Located on walking distance to covent garden and lot of interesting places! Surrounded by theatres! Plenty of food places! Very welcoming and lovely staff!!,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"OK room. Small and cramped. Refrigerator and safe didn't work. No shuttle to airport or easy access, so getting to and from was expensive. Loud door slamming all night. Accommodating staff and nice energy water in lobby. Kind of off the beaten path but safe to walk at night.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay for theatre visit,"Great location for theatre goers, Aldwych next door. The hotel is very impressive from the outside and on entering the staff are welcoming and check in was quick and easy. The girl who checked us in I think was called Merel (apologies if I have the name wrong) was absolutely lovely. We had a room upgrade and chose to have an internal room as felt it would be quieter. The room was superb large spotlessly clean with a fantastic ensuite and we were right in that it was really quiet got a fantastic nights sleep considering the hotel was very busy. We had access to the executive lounge which is very plush and took advantage of the complimentary canapés and drinks before going to the theatre. At the weekend the executive lounge gets very busy we were lucky to be able to get a seat.…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful, but bedroom lets it down ","This hotel is in a fantastic location and looks beautiful.  The inside is lovely too and I love the pop up bar that's there at the moment. Our room was very small with a horrible view, but it was what I expected for a last minute.com booking. However if I had paid full price for this room I would be extremely disappointed.  The bed was comfy but the carpet and dressing gowns were dirty.  All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Week end in London,"Good location ,friendly stuff .used the lounge for tea ,coffee,and drinks.nice size room close to a lot of theaters and restaurants.got there early in the morning and after 25 minutes wait got my room For sure will come back",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lourdes - Front Desk Staff,"I just called the hotel to arrange a surprise for my niece who will be celebrating her 40th birthday in London. The staff were extremely helpful and kind. Lourdes, who works at the front desk, was great.  She said she would arrange for a bottle of wine and chocolates and added a nice note from us.    Veronica from guest relations was also very helpful. She sent me an email stating that she would follow up with Lourdes to make sure everything was taken care of. She also followed up to let me know they had prepared the surprise and the room was ready.  I was very impressed with these two staff members and my niece was so excited when she arrived. Great job and thanks. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Booked in here for a change from the Park Plaza Westminster where I usually stay. I'm sad to say it wasn't a great experience.  Checked in at 12pm, was told a lovely room was ready. Got to the room, which was a pretty standard room...but there was a workman painting the walls when I walked into the room! - poor chap was very apologetic and he packed up and left, not his fault. I had to avoid the wardrobe door as paint was wet, which wasn't a big deal as had to do some emails then leave for a meeting.  Logged into laptop to do some work and they charge for wifi here! It's 2017, I don't expect to pay for wifi when I'm staying in a hotel in central London.  I then decided to order some lunch, the room menu has a limited selection, no sandwiches or similar just steaks etc. So I…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's ok,"Location of this hotel is great, rooms are comfortable although looking dated.    Cocktail bar looked nice, shame the expensive drinks were not being made by trained staff.   As a Hilton hold member, I would normally get an upgrade but was told none were available, was offered free breakfast instead which I already get?  Overall it's ok, but there are so many better hotels than this, Hilton Bankside is 10 times better than this  for example and cheaper so I wouldn't stay at the Waldorf again.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tiny window.,"I stayed here recently on business,I found the hotel to be well located. Many of the major tourists attractions are within easy reach of this hotel.   The hotel staff were wonderful and very professional,especially the bar staff.They certainly make a very good cocktail.   The room was a twin room on the 7th floor. It was unusual to see the very small round porthole that was the bedroom window. I felt I was on a cruise liner at times . Lol.   The conference that I attended was professional run in lovely surroundings.I couldn't find fault in anything there.  Overall the Waldorf Hotel,its rooms and staff are all great and I would return again but maybe on a lower level with a larger bedroom window please.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and relaxing ,"We had a nice relaxing night at the Waldorf, the staff were excellent, attentive but not overpowering and the quality of food and drink (with nibbles) could not be faulted. Our room was well equipped, clean, comfortable and quiet. The hotel is well positioned for the Covent Garden area or for a stroll along the river bank.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A special stay,"We stayed here for my boyfriends Birthday as a surprise for him, the staff were great and took this on board.  We were greeted with a complimentary drink in the bar, and cake in the room. The little touches really made a difference, thank you!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just perfect.,"Lovely spacious quiet room, very comfortable beds, roomy bathroom. Good breakfast with plenty options. All staff were very pleasant and helpful. Ideally situated for Covent Garden, Theatreland, the Shard, Southwark, St Paul's,etc., all within walking distance. Beautifully restored Edwardian era building.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Stay,"Great old-school hotel with professional, polite and very engaging staff. The rooms are deceptively big and the breakfast buffet is consistently good. Would recommend to friends and family. The downstairs bar is a lovely setting with a great selection of drinks, although a bit pricey. Perhaps that's just me though!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for theatreland,My daughter and I came for the weekend to Aldwych to see the musical Beautiful.The Waldorf is situated directly next door to the theatre so no walking back in the rain. The staff at the hotel are genuinely friendly and there is a nice homely atmosphere throughout. The room we had on the 5th floor was so quiet at night it was hard to believe you were in central London. In fact quieter than where I live in the countryside. The room was spotless with good beds and quality bed linen. Breakfast was fine as you would expect. All in all you would be hard pushed to find anything better.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Art deco treasure and venerable institution still has the wow factor,"It's difficult not to think of Basil Fawlty and the episode of the Waldorf Salad when staying at the Waldorf Hotel, but it's so much better than Fawlty Towers.  The staff are exceptional - friendly and helpful.  And with bookings a reasonable time in advance, this hotel offers very good value for money (for Central London).  Brilliant location on the edge of Covent Gardens, so perfect for theatres and restaurants.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","I stayed at this hotel to be close to the Royal Opera House. It was great for being close to Waterloo, Covent Garden, the tube, etc. The room was lovely and the staff were very welcoming and helpful. Looking forward to staying again.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday stay at the Waldorf,Arrived on the 2nd march at 12-30 our room was ready for us was shown to our room perfect we left the hotel to se a show at 2-30 came back to the hotel enjoyed som tea and scones in the executive lounge then went for a swim and steam room my wife was reading.the paper we had some cocktails and went out for dinner we had a great stay and will be back soon top class hotel ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful luxury hotel in the centre of London ,"Stayed in a kingsized bedroom which was well appointed and very comfortable. Lovely large bath in a very stylish bathroom. The afternoon tea in the Executive Lounge was delicious, with lashings of Cornish cream. Breakfast was also very good. All staff I met were very friendly and efficient.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not What it was :(,"So, let’s start with the positives. We would like to extend our thanks to Michael, Esther, Jasmin, Rodica, Veronica - Who were wonderful in the way they tried to look after us.   Unfortunately, something has changed at the Waldorf.  The overall customer experience was down. Potentially the new management who may be responsible for creating an uncomfortable atmosphere. The warmth was definitely missing & as a leadership team they should take responsibility to engage employees so that they in turn engage the customer. Also, potentially the portion sizes seemed smaller at dinner, a possible cost cutting exercise leading to a cut in good customer experience.  Furthermore, the wires hanging down from the back of the TV & the flush unit falling off the wall along with the flush…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A true London Grande Dame,"This is a special, iconic hotel with a big friendly heart!   From the moment I arrived the doormen and concierge made me feel very welcome. I wish I could remember the name of the young lady who checked me in, because she was awesome! So genuine and sincere!  The executive lounge is very relaxing and comfortable, with great service.   My bedroom was a good size, the bed was wonderful, and the bath in the bathroom was deep and long so I could have a proper good soak!   I loved the decor and artwork around the whole building, very tasteful and chic.   You couldn't ask for a better location. I'd 100% recommend and hope to stay again. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat!,My husband & I had the pleasure of being given a nights stay at this hotel by our daughter to celebrate my Birthday. Check  in was simple enough and the staff were very helpful room was lovely great beds very clean and all amenities you expect in a top hotel decided to enjoy breakfast in our room rather than rush to go downstairs to the restaurant as the check out time is very good 12pm so we thought we would relax we asked for breakfast between 9.30-10 but was a little disappointed to have to call down at 10.10 to enquire why it had not arrived to be told they were busy !!! but it did arrive 10mins later which was a poor start to what should have been an enjoyable experience but in its defence the breakfast was superb. If I have any criticism about the hotel then I have to say…,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bril!! 5*,"Loved every Min of my experience at this 5* hotel in the heart of London, staff ao kind , and the rooms are outstanding, also had afternoon tea here too which was very good, with the harpe playing and piano playing the hotel is beautiful!!  Staff at breakfast very Kind and the ladie mary was the best !!!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic for theatre land!,"It's a bit steep on price, but you get what you pay for. Very clean and comfortable, it's a lovely traditional hotel. Staff were very helpful, pleasant and attentive. Breakfast was great.  Yep - thumbs up to the Waldorf.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and wonderful staff,"One of the best Hilton hotels we have stayed in in a big city.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful.  We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay that was close to theaters, restaurants, etc.  breakfast was wonderful with lots to of choices.  Will definitely stay again.  Bravo, Hilton Staff!!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, staff arrogant and food below par if it's stature","Staff are a little arrogant, food is. Slow par so don't eat here and our executive suite while vast, - tad aged and had its issues such as drain in basin not working.  Beautiful old building but I would not recommend it.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Complete luxury,"Stayed here when I went to see Beautiful the Carole king musical. Fabulous position in centre of London. Ideal for Covent Garden. Very attentive staff.  Drinks are pricey but the bar was lovely. We were able to use executive lounge so took advantage of the snacks and wine before going out. There is a pool but we didn't use it. Such a lovely hotel,",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!!,"Overall excellent and a great stay. Great location to move about, Covent Garden and Leicester Square just round the corner. Friendly and accommodating staff. Great restaurant and bar in house. Spacious rooms.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Incrediable staff and awesome location","1st time to London and WOW was I impressed. Stayed for 5 nights at the Waldorf and was very impressed. It has class... every employee always greets you with a smile. The rooms seemed to have been recently updated and the bed was soooo comfortable. Everyone warned me about small rooms & bathrooms. I was stoked to get a King room and felt it was like a room in the US, plenty of space.  The location is awesome in the Covenant Garden area. Walking distance to great restaurants, shopping, theater and the London attractions. Although there is a bus stop right out the front door I walked everywhere the entire stay. I would highly recomend this hotel and its location.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mouse in my room,"I've stayed at the Wardorf many times and this time for my birthday! All was great as usual and having a lovely time! That was until I laid in bed after a lovely meal at the Oxo Tower, to watch a mouse/rat run across my bedroom floor and under my bed!! I called reception who came up within 10mins and moved me to another room.... right next door!!! Which wasn't great! Nobody offered us any real form of apology and no follow up the next morning .  Also, nobody went back to our old room to find the mouse! So I assume he must be a hotel guest!!  When we checked out the next morning and I complained at the lack of attention, I was told that these things happen!  I advised reception that if I wanted Travel Lodge service I'd stay there!! They told me I'd get a call that day from the…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Older Hotel, well maintained and exceptional staff","We chose this hotel because of its location. We will return because of its staff.   The hotel is on Drury Lane and is convenient to both Covent Garden and the west end theaters. All are within comfortable walking distance and some are within a few steps or the hotel. The hotel design shows its age, with steps required to check in and several steps dividing many of the hallways. But, the bathroom in our room had been updated and the hotel is immaculately maintained.  What makes this hotel stand out is the exceptional staff. We received an exceptional welcome upon our arrival, a quick check in and all the help we needed to get to our early theater performance after a late arrival. When our transportation arrangements broke down (literally) the following day, the concierge had us…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect!,"The hotel is beautiful and there is a real sense of history and individuality to the building and rooms. The location is perfect for Covent Garden and the West End.  Our room was spacious and well maintained. Staff were excellent, Aoife checked us in and managed to answer all of our questions before we had even asked them, but without bombarding us with too much information. The executive lounge staff were also excellent.  The only negative experience we had was breakfast in the main restaurant on the Saturday. Although it was busy there were plenty of empty tables so it wasn't to capacity. We asked for a pot of tea twice and after 20 minutes there was no sign of it. At this point we approached the buffet to find most of the hot options completely empty so we gave up and had…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Probably a very luxurious hotel once...,"Don't let the name fool you! This is not a ""genuine"" Waldorf-Astoria 5-star resort, but rather a regular Hilton that happens to be named The Waldorf. I have no doubt that the hotel was once very splendid and luxurious, and indeed the doorman and the nice entryaway could give you the impression that it still is.   I was not super impressed by the hotel overall, however, and it felt very lacking and outdated. My room was a bit on the small side and somewhat old fashioned in the decor and style. The bathroom was okay, but nothing remarkable.  The room had a mini bar, which I appreciated as this is missing from many high-end properties nowadays. The TV was also decent enough, and the Wi-Fi worked fine.  Location is good - you are close to the West End, and not that far from museums…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic accomodations and location,"It's the Waldorf. That pretty much sums it up. Everything from the service to the accomodations and the location in London was exactly what is expected by such a prestigious brand and you are not disappointed.  The added bonus was a cell phone for use during our stay with internet access and preloaded with maps, attraction suggestions etc - so much easier than accessing wifi and trying to get international roaming connections throughout the city. A huge plus!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and great hotel,It could not be in a better position for all of the west end shows if it could try any harder. Direct next to 2 of the biggest shows in London and on the strand as well. A beautiful hotel which oozes charm and class. The staff are fantastic and will look after you all day and night long. For couples this is a romantic setting.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location needing smtg extra for highest score","This is a very traditional upper class hotel. Rooms are cosy and clean. A king size bed, a comfortable chair with small low table and a relatively large desk with all kinds of electricity plugs (different standards : English, European and US) within easy reach.  The bathroom had a tub with built in shower. The toilet is in the bathroom. Ther is an ironing board and iron, a sufficiently large safe for putting a decent laptop in and the wardrobe is large. The minibar has a very limited offering. The breakfast is in a very beautiful room of the old days. One feels like in a ballroom of a castle. The buffet breakfast is extensive but definitely not excessive. Although everything is present (cheese, meat, eggs, bread, yoghurt, marmelade, fresh fruit) the choice is rather limited and…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent value,An urban hotel with a fine pricing for this visit.  The staff did appear to care.  Excellent location for dining and theater. Room was well laid out even though small.  Bathroom exceeded expectations. We did not use the restaurants other than for continental breakfast and afternoon tea.  Both were fine with a very attentive staff.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay and good service!,"I spent 3 nights during Christmas holiday, arrived hotel at 7 in the morning, the receptionist was very friendly, he offered me an option to take a better room with a supplement upgrade rate, it was a reasonable rate, and I can go to the room immediately to get some rest after a long flight, which normally check in time should be 3pm.  Bath room was big but the room itself was a bit small, bed was comfortable.    Breakfast was ok, but can be better.    On Christmas Day, when I came back from sightseeing, a Christmas present hanging on the door, many chocolates and candies arranged by the hotel team, with a Christmas card from the hotel general manager.   Nice and sweet surprise!  Due to Christmas holiday, hotel restaurant was serving a set dinner menu, I end up ordered in room…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Daughters 21st,"My daughter and I stayed here to celebrate her 21st . Our room was not ready when we arrived 1pm but that was expected so we left our bags and had a wander around Covent Garden then to the Shard for birthday afternoon tea .  We returned around 6 pm and there was a much welcomed big on tap jar of fresh lemon water available by the concierge area, we poured a glass each and was so refreshing .  We went to our room which was amazing room 535 it was huge with separate dressing area and walk in closet with tea/coffee/fridge etc .  There was a birthday cake for my daughter on the table and my daughter was so happy with this it made her day . A knock at the door brought an ice bucket and champagne flutes for our champagne which I brought with me as a surprise .  The bathroom was huge…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay.,"I have just spent three days (two nights) at The Waldorf Hilton in Aldwych, London.  I have stayed previously but as I had my 10 yr old daughter with me this visit, the dynamics were very different.    Because of this, prior to our visit we liaised with the Hotel staff regarding accommodation.  The staff could not have been more helpful.  In particular, Eszter Hilszenrath was outstanding in her help and support.  She went that extra mile to ensure our stay was thoroughly enjoyable and problem free.  It worked a treat, thank you so much for that.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and will return.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay over,"Was expecting a bit more glitz. Room was ready at 2pm so good to check in early.......however, no mention on booking.com or on hotel website of £50 per room additional fee to cover potential breakages/services. This was not explained when we checked in. I have no problem paying this but it should be made clear. The room was average. Window would not open at all but from view it was clear other rooms did have this 'luxury' so reliant on air con. Bed was extremely comfortable so that was a plus. Sunday morning brought a smelly end to our stay as the room and bathroom was over powered by the smell of a drain. This hotel was great for visiting the show 'Beautiful' and potter around Covent Garden but lacked any extras you might expect.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very mixed bag ...,"Stayed at the Waldorf last week for two nights with my sister and mum for mum's 70th birthday.  I have to say the Waldorf presents a very mixed experience.  It's almost as if there has been two separate recruitment drives within the hotel with one half of the staff being outstanding and the other half rude and unfriendly.  On the day of arrival we were waiting for my sister and went for a drink in the bar - the waitress in there was abrupt, rude and unfriendly.  At that time I was hoping that we would not regret booking there.  The other main negative about the experience was the afternoon tea that we had booked.  Service was so slow, when the sandwiches came they were dull and tasteless and whilst the cakes looked lovely they were also disappointing.  Considering you pay £45…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay in a lovely hotel,"We stayed here following a very special birthday and on finding out that it was special they offered to arrange anything we wanted, which was a nice touch. We didn't want a fuss as we had special things arranged all the time, but we took the upgrade they offered us, which put us in a larger room. The room had two TVs in, a huge shower and bathroom, fantastic storage, desk, huge comfy bed and lovely long windows. We slept well and breakfast in the morning was delicious. We had poached eggs which came quickly and were scrummy.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Valentines week trip to london,"Great position for theatre, restaurants and south bank. Easy walk to west end, soho and trafalger squarea d China town. Eat at The Ivy and other local restaurants.  Great night at Mr Foggs Gina parlour.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,This hotel is in a great location for the theater but it is getting a little worn. I would not recommend upgrading to the Executive lounge. It was okay but the food selection was very limited compared to other Hilton properties.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Tradition, History, but still showing slight ageing","Stayed for one night recently, all the traditions and the ornateness of such a grand establishment but when I got to my room I found that the sink had a crack in it but as I was only staying one night it wasn't a problem.  Room was spacious and well equipped. The overall impression it is very good, its just not excellent",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"My sister stayed for 1 night, 13th February, we found all the staff attentive and the hotel was lovely. it was my birthday, hence the stay and it was a lovely surprise when a knock on our hotel door revealed a man bearing a plate, with cake and Happy Birthday iced on it :) Ideal location, and there is no doubt that we will stay there again in future.  Thank you x",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful!,Every expectation meet you must visit! The pool is amazing!!! I will definitely be back when I'm in the area. If you have never stayed at a Waldorf before you have been missing out on heaven on earth!,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel with excellent staff - can't wait to go back!,"The bar area was fine when we got there, it was a great start to our stay being able to sit down and have a drink and watch the world go by, however given the size of it at busy times there will be a problem with not enough seating. This did not affect us as the two times we used it were well and truly 'off peak'.  The hotel is of a very high standard but it was not built yesterday. It is not brand spanking new having opened just a couple of weeks ago - however it is very well maintained, and the beds are perhaps the best I have ever experienced in any hotel.  The hotel has history charm and character and this makes it special.  However where it excels is the quality of staff who are an absolute credit to the Waldorf.  The doorman, and concierge were friendly, attentive and…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury and tradition,The hotel is great. Luxury service and knowledge in traditional way.  But also tip top rooms. The only disadvantage was the elevator. So slow almost used the stairways. The breakfast was traditional but service was top,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Groupon ,"Got a 3 course meal and glass of champagne for £50. Pretty posh nosh with an extra £16 for steak and same again for glass of wine. That said and done we would do it again. Service was amazing and Jean Pierre was as good as any waiter we,ve ever had the pleasure of serving us. Worth treating yourself if your able to . ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"My partner booked this as a surprise, and it was amazing! Great service and incredible breakfast! However, rooms were pretty small, but can't expect much else in London and the maids did not speak adequate English so when we did have an issue it was difficult to communicate ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London!,"I wish I could afford to live at the Waldorf London Hilton!  I only get to visit London a few times a year on business, and only for a day or two at the most.  I always look forward to my stay.  The hotel is expertly staffed, comfortable and the food and bar service are great!  It is within walking distance to great restaurants, shopping and theatre.  I can't wait to go back",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebrations,"Stayed here with family while doing several outings in the capital.  Good location for the Lyceum where we saw the Lion King.  Staff were friendly and welcoming.  Accommodation had obviously been freshly decorated and was clean and well appointed.  Enjoyed a selection of cocktails to celebrate the birthdays, ably guided on what we would like by a very helpful waitress.  Excellent breakfast selection and again great service.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mum and Daughter break,"A lovely hotel where the staff were so helpful. The concierge were so attentive and couldn't have been more helpful. We had a lovely few days. Thanks   A very spacious bathroom and the bedroom was great for the two of us.   I found the hotel in easy reach of Covent Garden, The Thames, Trafalgar Square and a brisk walk to Buckingham Palace.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Feel cared for,This hotel is an excellent example of the Hilton brand and gives its guests a very homley feel. It is idealy placed if you are going to theatre land or just fancy a romantic stroll along the river. There are plenty of good resturents and cafes in the vicinity . I would particularly reccomend this hotel for a romantic weekend.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2 night stay for wedding anniversary ,"We stayed here on a Friday and Saturday night to celebrate our wedding anniversary.   Checkin service was quick and friendly with a room upgrade provided which was a nice surprise   Room was very clean and modern with a ""second room "" with the queen bed / tv etc  Full amenities including safe / fridge / tea & coffee / iron and dressing gowns   The bathroom was also well presented with an excellent shower. Once of the best I have come across  Location is central for Covent Garden / theatres and only a 15 min walk to Leicester Square   Overall an excellent stay.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Back again with the family....good visit but a few things to keep an eye on....,"Recently booked two rooms....one for my wife and I and one for my adult boys.  Our rooms were clean and well serviced, however it continue to boggle my mind that there is no place to unpack clothes,  Being there for a week meant I had a lot of clothes and there was little/no room for anything.....simple shelves in the closets would have been enough.  Our rooms were clean however two colleagues had to move out of their rooms as each encountered a mouse.  Hotel was apologetic and quickly moved them.  Need to watch this.  Also the one bar is drastically overcrowded on the weekends.....they need to think of a way to expand.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Staff, Quality Rooms, Okay Pool","My first impressions of this hotel were formed before I had even stepped in the door. Walking to it I realised just how good the location of this hotel is for the West End. It was only a ten minute walk from Holborn underground station and is next door to two theatres. Women in Black plays just the next street back and Covent Garden is a couple of minutes walk away. The exterior of the hotel is smart and classical. It has a slightly Parisian feel to the architecture too. We were greeted by the concierge who opened the door for us. The lobby and reception areas are surprisingly compact for a hotel bearing the Waldorf name but that probably reflects the era the hotel was built in. However, they are very smart and decorated in good taste (though part of me wished they looked as…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very Enjoyable Stay,We found the staff were very friendly and polite and the room was quiet will plenty of room and shelves in the bathroom.  The location is very good being close to Covent Garden and many theatres. It is only a short walk to the river.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend/evening show,"The Waldorf exceeded my expectations. Value,room,breakfast,staff all excellent and the location is so convenient for west end shows. Valet parking is value for money don't even try other car parks. Will stay again ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely weekend,"We enjoyed our stay in the hotel and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. We have stayed in other Hilton hotels in other locations, the last time was in Costa Rica. We would stay again either in London or at another of your locations in the the United Kingdom.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant Hotel in Theatre District,This hotel is a throw back to old style hotel look and feel.  It is not dated by any means but has a very classic/classy look and feel with all of the updated amenities.  The rooms were immaculate and the hotel overall was great.  It is located in walking distance to all of the shows and a 15 minute walk across the Waterloo bridge.  This hotel is in the Covenant Gardens area with lots of great shopping and dining.  This hotel offers a great breakfast!,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,amazing stay,"Visited this hotel recently and had the most amazing experience. The staff were helpful and very caring. The location was excellent for most Westend shows, transport network. The breakfast menu was excellent giving a choice for full works or a managed dent on you budget.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"First of all I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the staff at the Hilton Waldorf from the bottom to the top for making me and my wife's stay so memorable, they were all so warm and welcoming from the start of our stay until the end. The staff and the hotel are a credit to the Hilton family. This hotel is in the heart of London and is so assessable to theatre land and all the top attractions. Before I booked this hotel I checked out the comments that people had made on Tripadvisor and was shocked by some of the negative comments. I consider this hotel to be one of the very best in the heart of London, my wife and I were so very impressed with all the hotel had to offer, our room was clean, tidy and very fresh, our bed and pillows were so comfortable that we had two…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Chose The Waldorf as it was close to Theatre Land and we had booked to take our GrandDaughter to see Matilda Stayed in a Junior Suite which had everything we needed - the staff, especially the Bar Staff and Breakfast staff couldnt have been better and went out of there way to make Alex (a 9 year old) feel most welcome",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special weekend,"Super weekend, even had a lovely cake put in our room by the hotel for arrival as it was my wife's 70th.  Nice room, spotless, the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Only 100yds from the Duchess theatre for a great comedy show.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Great location for the theatre district. The hotel is very welcoming and not pretentious in any way. The service throughout our 3 night stay was excellent, one of our best stays in London. We upgraded our stay to include the Executive Lounge, which if you have some time on your hands in a great room to unwind in, with newspapers and refreshments. The breakfast, afternoon tea, canapés in the evening with wine and spirits were more than satisfactory in the lounge. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastically located - great team of staff!,"I had checked in online and chosen a room on one of the top floors. I was told it was a 'lighthouse' concept. There was not much of a view at all, but the room was more than adequately sized, very comfortable and well decorated.  The hotel is in a fantastic location, a short walk from all the attractions and a less than 5 minute walk to Covent Garden - ideal!!  Staff were fantastic, all very polite and helpful regardless what time of day.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful ,This is a lovely and luxurious hotel. I was impressed by the colours of the decor. Staff were friendly and courteous. A special mention to the doorman Jason who really does an excellent job and made our visit really special. If I was pushed to make comments for improvement I would say breakfast and breakfast service could be better and also the temperature level was a little too much. Also the mirror over the dressing table was off set to the seating so couldn't sit in front of the mirror to do makeup which was a bit odd. I would love to stay here again soon and would recommend it. ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,hospitality,All the staff are very nice and helpful.  We are warmly welcomed. The room is cozy and clean.The concierge service is perfect. They helped us to park the car and book a taxt to the airport. The taxi is very big. My boy is very excited about the experience.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel - great location - wonderful staff,Great central location - hotel is perfect for theatres  Staff are very welcoming and helpful without being over the top. Room was lovely light and bright with large bathroom and very comfortable bed.  Good Godfreys bar is great place for cocktails and a lovely atmosphere   Can't fault it and will return time after time. ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short stay,Stayed here as we were attending the Opera at Covent Garden. The location was perfect. Just a few minutes walk. We had a deluxe double room which was lovely and access to the executive lounge. Had our breakfast there on both mornings and it was very good. Hotel is very clean with a nice bar. Staff very efficient. Overall a good experience and hopefully we will return. ,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family vacation,"Love the location of this hotel. Very convenient for vacation travelers.  Hotel staff are very nice. We love the free room upgrade offer by hotel for HHonor Diamond member. Very nice corner room. Breakfast in executive lounge is just OK, highly recommend add more hot food option. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great location,"Had fabulous weekend in London and stayed in the Waldorf. Fantastic grand hotel in superb location.The staff very friendly and helpful..Can't wait to go back it's just across the street from the best West end shows,great bars and it seems you can get the bus to anywhere from just along the street.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable ,"Great amenities, comfortable decor. Nice lounge and super friendly staff. Great fr business and tourist travelers. Near all theaters and awesome restaurants. Boots and Tesco also walking distance. Also give you free water in the room.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed stay!,"I accompanied my mum for her special 50th birthday treat, her first ever stay at The Waldorf Hilton hotel. After the taxi driver had dropped us off, we were greeted by the doorman and the concierge who looked after our luggage. Checked in to our room no.638 which was lovely. After a quick freshen up we left for an evening in the city. After an enjoyable night out we returned to our room looking forward to our next day of retail therapy. Unfortunately we were awoken at approximately 3:45am by a rustling scratching sound. Only to find a mouse or a young rat to be running along the skirting board and across the carpet. We immediately called reception and they said they would move us to another room. Daniel arrived and said he would call the pest control and assisted us with our…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Iconic central London hotel,"The Waldorf is a very convenient central London hotel. No complaints about service, room, facilities, breakfast - but nevertheless not the specially ""wow"" experience that a premium and iconic establishment might offer. Also irritating that the 21st century standard of free wifi throughout the hotel wasn't there. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb return stay,"Cannot be beaten for service and location. This hotel is iconic, steeped in history. Whenever we stay there it feels as though we are going home. My 86 year old mum simply will not stay anywhere else!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff dont care,"An overpriced Mecca of staff who are obsessed with ruining your trip. staying on first floor is like staying in a nightclub,  staff dont care but at $500 per night they need to. Female Director is just plain rude and the staff just enter you room with knocking, twice I was caught naked. Pathetic hotel wit terrible standards",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very bad check in experience,"Checked in on a Friday night with my wife and daughter for a family theatre weekend. Had the worst check in experience I have ever had at a hotel by a guy called Daniel - I have never had a receptionist speak to me in such a way and am still shocked by the situation. Totally wrecked the whole weekend for me. Spoke to a manager called Natasha on check out and got a £50 reduction on the bill. But after spending over £550 for the weekend at the hotel I am still not impressed. Admittedly I made a small mistake with my booking but the way it was handled, the way in which I was spoken too and how I was humiliated in front of other guests at reception was disgusting. £50 reduction can no where near compensating for how I was treated.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Can't wait to find a gap in my calendar to go back.,"Very comfortable beds and pillows, lovely luxurious room with everything on hand (even an umbrella, which can be handy in London) and delicious (could'nt think of anything that I've missed!) breakfast.  Lovely hotel if you're into architecture or interior design!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love it - will be back again!,"I have never stayed at this property before and didn't know what to expect. I stayed for 1 night but wish I extended my stay!   The area of the hotel is perfect, and is within walking distance (well around 15 minutes) of some good attractions, like Westminster palace and the London eye. It is within the heart of the west end which is good.   Initial check in was a breeze. I was welcomed great, door-man was perfect and I was upgraded and thanked for my loyalty. There is a normal £50 hold charge for the minibar and other services. I had no issues and the concierge was also attentive!   The rooms are spacious. Can not complain one bit. I was in a queen superior, the bathroom was perfect and you get both a bath/shower combo. Room features all the normal extras, you have an iron,…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A PLEASURE AS ALWAYS TO VISIT,Firstly the Staff are very attentive and cannot do enough to make your stay there pleasurable. The Executive Lounge experience is highly recommended and amongst the best I have benefitted from especially for pre and post theatre shows. Though all the rooms are never perfect we have never been let down whenever a request is made Keep up the Great work guys,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable one night theatre trip,"Hotel staff excellent.  Room ( junior suite) excellent Breakfast very good.  Gym well equipped 14 Metre pool, sauna and steam room.  Hotel ideally located for theatres, pubs a restaurants.   One minor ""issue"" health centre lockers require padlocks. If you have no padlock they supply a combination lock, but they are all set to the same code, hence not very secure. If you have a suitcase combination lock maybe that would be a good solution?",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for Theatre,"This hotel is located very close to many of the best theatres in London so I would recommend it for that. It is also close to Covent Garden, museums and Leicester square. The staff was friendly and attentive.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea dance,"Most enjoyable afternoon, marred by two things, room temperature a little low due to cold draft in dining / sitting area, table service poor due to one set of cake tiers not arriving with the rest of our table guests, two reminders to staff before we could start afternoon tea all together 🙁",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely be back,First time in London and this hotel was great! The staff was incredibly accommodating & extremely friendly- went out of their way to assist you! The rooms were surprisingly spacious & very clean!  Breakfast was very nice and Godfrey's was a great way to end the evening. Location is right in the heart of the theater district-  a short walk to Covenant Gardens for some incredible shopping & has wonderful pubs & restaurants. The Underground (subway) was a short walk & easily assessable. We will definitely be back!,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything perfect. ,"If I'm honest, we were expecting a ""pretty woman"" moment judging by the grand building. It's just stunning. Even in our hoodies and hats we were welcomed by wonderfully friendly staff who really go out of their way to make you feel welcome and comfortable.   The bedrooms differ entirely compared to the public hotel areas - they're incredibly modern and fresh. We were upgraded to an executive king. The bed was huge and so very comfortable. The room was immaculate and the rain shower in the bathroom was spot on. Breakfast in the exec lounge was very good - as were the evening canapés and range of free drinks. Much bigger selection than other Hiltons we've experienced.   We took afternoon tea at the hotel just after our arrival. Pricey but worth every penny. Delicious with a great…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Staff amazing, rooms nice, location great","Would totally stay here again. Great location in the heart of things. Staff was amazingly welcoming and beyond helpful at every level from carrying bags to getting transportation. Hotel was well appointed, breakfast was good (winter special and it was included). Mince pies and mulled wine were a nice additional touch.  Shower was the only downfall as we had a room which must have had an angle and the shower would not allow you to stand full height and was very narrow. I'd just stayed at the Conrad a couple nights prior and I have to say, I'd choose here over that for hands down for service, location and overall quality of stag.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel,Stayed here overnight on a short visit to London. Because we flew on an early morning flight we arrived at the hotel at 10am. As expected the room was not ready however the hotel were very welcoming and invited us to have a late breakfast and wait in the exec lounge. In the event we went out to breakfast and then hit the shops. We arrived back about 2.30pm and were shown to a small but comfortable room on the second floor. It looked as though it had been recently refurbished. The bathroom had a full stall shower with rain shower head although the controls were obviously original and did not work that well - it was difficult to alter the water temperature. The king bed was comfortable although I must say the I find Hilton beds very hard. Sofitel beat Hilton hands down on that…,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Superb location, but a couple of issues","We have stayed at this hotel before for West End Theatre breaks, and did so again due to our previous positive experiences. The location is perfect for the West End, rooms are a decent size and price (by West End standards), and the welcome is always pleasant. The same applied this time but with a couple of niggles: Breakfast. It was clearly a busy weekend for guests, but the hotel should be aware of that and staff accordingly. We came for breakfast at 9.30am and had a short wait to be seated. When we left, however (around 10-10.15), some of our fellow guests had been waiting 15-20 minutes, and ending up being seated in an overspill bar area. This all seemed a bit chaotic. The other slight disappointment was the bar/lounge near reception. We arrived in the afternoon and sat in…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great vacation!,We traveled with our teenage daughter. The staff was very accommodating! There was always a doorman to welcome us when coming and going. The double room was a perfect size and had privacy! The room was quiet. The in room tea service was nice to warm you up on a cold wet afternoon! We had the full English breakfast in the restaurant. It was very good! My husband and I also enjoyed the lounge every night while our daughter enjoyed the deserts! Perfect stay! ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good old times... ,"A hotel full of history in a prime location- unfortunately the good old times, where this Hotel was one of the best in town seems to be over. First of all, it is still a good Hotel in a very good Location with Service you are expecting in this category (concierge, bell boy etc.) but the Hotel is not in a good shape! I do not mean any modern investments, our room was full of dust, the carpet was picked with unknown dirt.  Breakfast is a shame!!! We asked for boiled eggs, which have been served in a bowl.... dont you have eggcups?? Quality is also very poor  All in one, Good Location but we will for sure not return.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas cheer,"Had Christmas break at this hotel inc Christmas dinner, 5course very nice well worth the money, the staff was excellent couldn't do enough for us😄 Nice touch a little stocking full of goodies on our door handle Christmas morning, plus mulled wine in reception. Will definitely be going back top marks 😄😄",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, excellent service top notch staff","Stayed over Christmas and after reading a few reviews I was a little apprehensive. No need it was great. The staff are really helpful especially the doormen.   We woke on Christmas morning and found a stocking on the door handle outside with truffles, clementine sweets etc such a lovely surprise.   The breakfast buffet was excellent quality and hot, loads of options. Fresh juices ,coffees we filled up and never needed lunch. We booked a junior suite and it was clean, all the amenities shampoo conditioner teas coffee mini bar if you wanted it.   The executive lounge was brilliant always had food, afternoon tea was delicious and drinks all day. Highly recommend getting an executive room as the lounge is included for free. In the evening for a couple of hours they have alcoholic…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Style with style,"My fiance and I went to the New Years Eve gala.  Started the evening in the cocktail bar, which wasn`t particularly special by grand hotel standards.  When it was time we checked in for our evening, from start to finish the staff made us comfortable.  Champagne and canopies while we mingled, then at 8.30 the doors opened to the magnificent room for the gala.  Our table was beautifully laid out and reminded me of a very upmarket cruise ship as we had a balcony rail.  The meal was excellent and they didn`t skimp on the wine.  Champagne was served at Midnight as we danced.  All in all it was a wonderful evening made very special by an elegant, stylish setting and a great package served by pleasant staff.  Thank you everyone!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel with a superb professional staff.,I love the Waldorf because it has a lovely feel about it. It is an historic building in its own right and the staff understand how that heritage has to be maintained. They all seem to work hard to preserve that aura.  We were given a warm welcome by Jemma McKay who settled us in for our three night stay. Our other contact at the hotel is Amilton de Sousa who is a credit to the Hilton Organisation. He works hard and sets the tone on the front desk.   Our room was at the front of the building with a view looking down into the Aldwych. The room temperature was just right considering it was a freezing  outside. We stayed over a weekend and the corridors were silent throughout and we slept soundly on a lovely Hilton bed. The bathroom and showers were modern and easy to operated. I…,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friday night London stay over,"Good Bedroom suite, staff friendliness  Not good Executive Restaurant for breakfast - tired pastries, over done scrambled egg, cold bacon, cold plates  Outrageous GBP12.50 for in room wi-if plus blocking technology that prevents receiving public wi-fi",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"great place to stay, very convenient and lovely room. Bar extremely expensive and slow service.  Breakfast very good in the morning, rooms was very quiet at the back of the hotel.  Would recommend as an overnighter for the theatre",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Anniversary,We stayed 2 nights and when I told them it was our anniversary we got a bottle of wine. We were upgraded for an additional £150 to a junior suite and entrance to the VIP lounge. It was worth the extra and we would have no hesitation in going back next year. The breakfast was good and the staff were very attentive. It is so central for theatre land and shopping.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and facilities,"The Waldorf Hilton, is in a fabulous location if you want to go to the theatre and Covent Garden. It is clean and well appointed. The staff are exceptionally helpful and accomadating. The breakfast was well cooked with a large variety if foods to suit all tastes. A hotel I would definitely go to again and recommend to friends.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel!,"Had an enjoyable unexpected stay in the Waldorf. Enjoyed the room service though a tad on the expensive side. Staff were lovely, doormen were delightful and charming. Nice to come Back to a hotel where there is someone that puts a smile on your face.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ideal for theatre visit,This was a great hotel that I enjoyed due to its grandeur and classic look. It was a really picturesque hotel. Room itself was big and the breakfast was very nice. Few negatives to the stay but overall a good stay  Advantages  The quality of hotel The staff The breakfast The rooms The gym  Negatives They did not complete my request that I left on the notes section when I booked the hotel The house keeping - the rooms could of been cleaner and found they had left the insulin the previous guest left in the fridge and not disposed of it showing house keeping did not do a good clean  The manager was really apologetic for the downfalls so I have to say thank you for the apology.   Will definitely stay again  ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel. Very rude bar lady!,My family and I love coming to London on a visit! We loved the Waldorf! The rooms were clean and so comfy and they were also is a fantastic location! The only problem was the blonde lady serving in the bar.   My sister and I walked down to the bar and sat with my parents. My father ordered all of our usual drinks but unfortunately they did not have what I usually go for. The blonde waitress then asked my father for an alternative. She then started walking around my families table looking down on us all. I even cracked a small smile to show I am thankful for her getting my drink but she kept doing it. Her face was stern and quite frankly it looked like she was judging us. I informed my father that I felt uncomfortable so we signed the bill and left.   This was the only downfall!…,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, but Let Down by Some Staff","We stayed at this property for three nights prior to Christmas.  There are a number of positives to staying at this hotel.  It is located within minutes of Coventry Garden and many of London's key theatres. There is also a wide range of restaurants within 10 minutes walking distance of the hotel.  The river Thames is also a 5 minute walk away.  Overall, the location is the best feature of this hotel.  The hotel has a nice old world charm.  The common areas and bar are not particularly large, but we always found a seat when needed.  The restaurant is large, but can get busy in the morning.  The bedroom we were allocated was particularly small and on the back of the hotel.  The floor plan on the back of the door showed that we had been allocated one of the smallest rooms -…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A short but comfortable stop,Although I only stayed the one night the experience was wonderful . Friendly staff. A clean and very comfortable room and an excellent breakfast. The position of the hotel meant it was central to many of the sites and close to Covent Garden station.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,New Year stay,My husband & I had a most enjoyable stay here for 3 nights over New Year. Being a Hilton Diamond member we had use of the executive lounge. Which surprisingly wasn't as busy as I have seen in the past.  The staff are helpful.  But my praise goes out to the younger ladies who work in the bar. Their service was great. We will visit again soon! ,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dream location for night at the Ballet,"Very comfortable two night stay. Handsome building. Impressed with the quality of the room.  Bar service was a real highlight. Check in and check out swift.  Only slight disappointment was that we had to queue to have breakfast and the staff were rushed off their feet. This happened on both mornings I regretted not booking breakfast in bed. The actual breakfast was very tasty but choices ran very low and there was no one around to ask for toast, coffee, jam. We paid approx 540 for 2 nights so I think service at breakfast should be substantially better.  We would stay at this hotel again as the location was within walking distance of excellent restaurants and theatres.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Tired, but they try hard","First, the location. Its in Covent Garden, a vibrant place with numerous theaters, restaurants and shops. The hotel has been around awhile, and this was the week between Christmas and New Year's with apparently the largest crowds anyone remembered  -- ever. The concierge was not as helpful as we might have hoped, but they were very nice. Care for the rooms was dicey - we ran out of tissue one day and it wasn't replaced the next; then I turned the holder on its side, hoping someone would notice, and they didn't; the third day I put a roll of toilet paper on top of the tissue holder and it still wasn't filled. This is not a world-class problem, just an irritation. The elevators were inadequate in space and speed. The carpeting needs cleaning and the room furnishings need…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Waldorf,My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf on 23rd December so that we could visit the theatre that evening. What a wonderful hotel where nothing was too much trouble. All of the staff that we met were excellent and so were the cocktails! My only problem was that I had difficulty making up my mind at breakfast. We will definitely stay again.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Waldorf,"Lovely stay at the Waldorf hotel, hotel is in an excellent location for theatres, Covent Garden and sightseeing.  We were allocated a lovely quiet room on the 7th floor and would definitely stay here again when we come to London next time.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely ,"Small touches went a long way. Really nice room, good bed (as always), nice lounge and fantastic location. Lobby is a bit small bit can't deduct points for that.   They really make a big deal about platinum, going as far as to write a Christmas card. Nice work guys. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good service , This was my first stay at this hotel. All my dealings with the staff were friendly and professional at all times. There was a few housekeeping issues over the six nights with some items not being replaced each day. This happened a few times but one call fixed this. The breakfast buffet was excellent along with the the lovely Amelia who welcomed us each day. There was a issue with the power being shut down for 7 hours during the day - this was most stressful as my elderly mother was hysterical she couldn't get into the room.  The staff were most helpful in making a terrible situation someway manageable. I would happily return here in the future.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Covent garden hotel,"excellent location, ideal for covent garden and the theatres. Rooms clean and spacious and the staff very helpful. Spa facilities acceptable. Let down by the long wait for breakfast. Although breakfast was scheduled to finish at 10:00 they were still seating people who had waited 40 minutes or more at 10:15 and onto half made tables. Paying the kind on money this hotel costs to wait in a long line for breakfast I feel unacceptable. It was also unnecessary as there were plenty of staff around, just badly organised and did not seem to have specified responsibilities. execute suite was good and worth paying for I thought.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf - home away from home !!,"When in London the only hotel we want to stay is the Waldorf Hilton. When you are on the Executive floor, it can be crowded in the executive lounge in the weekends. You have to deal with this. It is better to be there during the weekdays. More room for yourself. Anyway - a home away from home !",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fine hotel, nice rooms and very friendly staff.","The Waldorf Hilton is a fine hotel. Very friendly staff, no request is too much. Our spacious standard room was on the 7th floor. Well kept, very neat and clean. The bed was fine, all the little details were perfect. USB chargers at the desk and next to the bed. A European socket at the desk. Standard WiFi was ok for mail and browsing. The bathroom was nice, clean and well fitted. The rain shower was excellent.  Breakfast was ok, nothing exceptional but good quality. At times there was a short queue for breakfast yet we never had to wait for more than 5 minutes for a table.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"Stayed in room 306 with my family of four for my 60th birthday treat on 4th January. The service was wonderful as all the staff were so polite and friendly and worked really hard to please everyone. The hotel has so much character and has a lovely swimming pool, which was empty when we used it in the late afternoon, and also a large gym with very helpful staff. Our room had bath robes, slippers and everything we wanted. We got a special deal online which included our amazing breakfast. Couldn't fault anything and would definitely recommend. Thank you everyone at The Waldorf Hilton for making my birthday an extra special occasion x",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very enjoyable stay,"Stayed here often when I worked in London some years go. Though not quite having the WOW factor of old, it is now more modern, room was comfortable and dining excellent. It is in an excellent location for tourists and I cannot wait to return with my wife  In the near future.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good location,"The hotel is located in a good area. staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel gets so busy during holiday. During my stay, I ordered food from the room service, the food is tasty, however they do not put effort in presentation, no bread and butter, a glass of water, a flower, etc.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,UNimpressive! Sad place,The lobby is dingy and the line to check in is often long. There is no diamond check in line.  The room we had was on the executive level but it was horrible. next to the stairs and elevator. Barely a window.  it was a window it was just to no where!  Thin walls. loud customers with rude children running up and down halls early in the morning. The lounge was awful. Probably the worst I have ever been in.  The interesting part is that one of the ladies in the lounge was actually very nice and helpful in getting a new room for us. but it was just more of the same. At least she tried. One would think the brand Waldorf has standards of cleanliness and up to date decor but clearly this location is a forgotten one. There are too many other hotels to stay in for that price I would not…,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very good, Enjoyable stay",Really enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf Hilton. Got upgraded from queen standard  to  Queen superior suite as Diamond members. Could have bagged a better upgrade if not for the maxed out capacity of rooms available during Xmas period.  Excellent location. Scenic and convenient.  Hotel itself is absolutely stunning and the staff were nothing but kind and helpful.    Watched the lion king west end production which was literally only a 2 minute walk from the hotel.   Over all enjoyed the stay very much. Would recommend ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Summer Vacation !!,"The located is located in a central district very close to a lot of tourist attractions like the Trafalgar Square, there were several multi cuisine restaurants around the corner & most of the attractions were walking distance from the hotel. We stayed in the Suite room which was very clean, with excellent linen, the towels & toiletries were superb. The staff were very helpful & alert & all times. The buffet breakfast was too good. Great value for money.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Brilliant Stay at the Waldorf With Outstanding Customer Service,From the time you arrive until you leave the staff make you feel so welcome and always go that extra mile to make your stay so pleasurable.We were allocated an excellent room well furnished and in excellent condition.We were fortunate to use the Executive lounge which always offers excellent afternoon tea evening canap'es  with a very good choice of wines and spirits.The  Waldorf with theatreland  the River Thames and Trafalgar Square all within a few minutes walk makes this the number one location.Just like to say special thank you to and Vanessa and Ferooz for outstanding service..,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC LOCATION,"This was our first time at The Waldorf but will definitely not be the last - our room was fantastic, bed very comfy and hotel and room extremely clean.  The bar was will staffed, the reception staff were very attentive.  The breakfast was a little disappointing - the eggs were overcooked and the sausages undercooked but the again the staff were perfect. the location is perfect and very central to shops, covent garden and west end shows.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotel experiences in my lifetime,"My stay at Waldorf Hilton London on 27 Dec.2016 is probably one of my best experiences in my lifetime so far.  The hotel is located in Aldwych, a prime location in the City of Westminster, central London, around 5min walk to the Thames River. I reckon the surroundings and buildings (including the hotel itself) here are highly reminiscent of Victorian London and may be one of the best contents the city has to offer.   One additional benefit of the hotel is its extreme proximity to the theatre district of London, with two theatres just next door, and most theatres within 15min walk. If you expect to enjoy a good West End show in London, this is the place to stay.   The guest room and facilities are outstanding, classical in form and modern in functionality. And the room is quite…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel and location ,We stayed here for a weekend in London and were given a disabled room as they were busy and fully booked. Unfortunately this meant we were closer to the ground floor and it was quite noisy at night with traffic and people.   The ensuite was also not as nice as it could have been due to the extra amenities for someone with a wheelchair - useful for someone that needs it but mostly in the way and a little off-putting for us.   Otherwise it was a nice stay but I can't comment on a normal room. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay at the Waldorf for our family over the holidays,"Very favorable experience. Overall we had a fantastic time at the hotel. It exceeded our expectations. Service was great.  We had lovely adjoining rooms. Kids (and I) loved the pool, we made good use of the executive lounge. Location was excellent.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"A beatiful hotel in a very good location in London. The room was well furnished in light colours. The bathroom was both beautiful and fonctional. The only thing, the cleaning should be more accurate, the glass shelves tell you immediately if the wiping of the dust hasn't been done for a couple of days. There was an incident at 2 a.m., the fire alarm broke off and everybody had to go down, out in the street. Fortunately it was a warm night, otherwise standing there in bathrobes and slippers would have been painstaking. We could go back to our rooms after some 15-20 minutes, without ever knowing what it was all about. I would have appreciated more information from the hotel personnel. Good breakfast.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre and anniversary trip. ,We spent the night here last week. We couldn't have been made to feel more welcome by the very friendly and professional stuff. Our room was well appointed and was very clean and looked like it had been recently painted. Breakfast was delicious too! ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed for 1 night on new years eve, excellent hotel with excellent service. we were booked for the bateux Thames dinner cruise and this hotel is a short walk from the pier. Would definitely recommend the waldorf, rooms and bathrooms are to a high standard and all other areas to the hotel are clean, we will  stay again in the future.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A handy, comfortable oasis near Coventry Garden","We thoroughly enjoyed the Waldorf Hilton. It is a comfortable hotel with a friendly, helpful staff. We enjoyed being close to the Strand, with pubs, restaurants, and theater nearby. It is also a few minutes walk to the Covent Garden and Temple tube stops, which gave us easy access to all of London. We were also within easy, under a miles walks to the National Gallery, the British Museum,and St. Paul's.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful and welcoming,"I stayed in this hotel because I wanted to experience what it had to offer. It sure did not disappoint. My room had access to the executive lounge, so I was able to have afternoon tea as well as canapes and wine in the evening.  It's location is in close proximity to Charing Cross and walking distant to Convent Garden, so if you really want to experience London and would like the Waldorf/Hilton experience, perhaps this is the hotel for you?  Will definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"Great location for theatres, in Aldwych.   Valet parking was very useful, -  £49 worked out cheaper than 2 travel cards for 2 days.  Room was nicely furnished if a little on the small side, very nice bathroom.  Slow check in , but maybe just because very busy Christmas period. Breakfast is self service, and wasn't very hot. Quite expensive, - but It's London and its famous!! ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very very good,"Stayed here on a business trip. Excellent location, very friendly staff, great food and a clean room. Will definitely return. Loses a star because the room was a bit cold in the evening - heating issue. Otherwise great!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable Stay,"Usually stay closer to Marble Arch when visiting London, but from now on I think I will be staying at the Hilton Wardorf. The hotel is perfectly located, very clean and comfortable. The room was a little on the small size for a family room, however it was fine as we didn't spend much time in the room. The staff were very pleasant and attentive even at breakfast, it was very busy and they were rushed off their feet but they were still very polite and professional.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding! ,Beautiful hotel very quite and luxurious. Excellent tasty breakfast and high customer service from everyone. Reasonable rates for a very comfortable experience. Could not fault the room was very clean and to a very high standard. Highly recommended will be coming back in 2017! ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible - do not stay here,"Rude front desk staff - we arrived early and room was not ready (not unusual) but follow up inquiries to front desk were met with rude responses....to a diamond member no less...  Executive lounge was a zoo - no seats to accommodate all guests, people lined up for breakfast....finally gave up... Loyal to Hilton holds no appreciation at this location... Extremely disappointing- I would recommend staying elsewhere in London.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Experience,"We went to London to meet the family. This hotel was chosen because it is conveniently placed for Covent Garden and many of the shows.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  We needed a table for six for breakfast and were accommodated. There is an extremely good selection of things for breakfast. If one does not leave it too late then there is a good turn around of fresh food. Our room was good, on the top floor, as we wanted somewhere quiet. Good selection of shampoo, body wash, etc. The only downside was that the water was not at all hot, either in the morning or at night. Our daughter, on the second floor, said she did have hot water. Perhaps being at the top causes this to happen. There are newspapers left by the lifts for people to take and a few others downstairs. There…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good high end hotel,"Nice ambience, good rooms and this time good value. I say this time because like most London hotels the Waldorf can be expensive. On this occasion we managed to get an excellent rate. We also received an upgrade to our room because it was my wifes birthday, noticed by an eagle eyed receptionist.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I've stayed in London,"We were made to feel that we were an inconvenience to the staff. Bar service was appalling. Breakfast was like being at summer camp with everyone trying to get food at the same time. Staff were 'busy', in fact so so busy they could arrange coffee for some 20 minutes!!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas,"Perfect location for a nice Christmas holiday with the family, the hotel was nicely decorated.  The kids had a great time at the pool. Hotel staff was nice, thoughtful and helpful. We will stay there again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A cup of coffee,A request for a cup of coffee should be a simple request.  Requested said coffee at the bat to be told there was table service. The bartender however stated he would get the coffee organised. We'll another 25 minutes later without any sign of coffee nor waitress.  I went looking and found a waitress who said the coffee was ready for us. She served it only to be cold. Needless to say we left without any coffee.,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Xmas eve at the Waldorf,"We got to the Waldorf early ,we had checked in online so we were going to leave our bags at reception , to our surprise we were offered a upgrade .when we got back at 2.30 our room wasn't quite ready so we was given a better room with executive lounge access . The room was exceptional the bathroom was enormous we even had a tv at the end of the bath , when we got back in the evening we went to the executive lounge which was 5 star plenty of choice , we got back to our room and a hand written xmas card was there . Had a great nights sleep in a enormous bed , another nice touch was a xmas stocking on the door with little gifts . The Waldorf made me and my wife's xmas very special thank you so much ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,dissapointed,fabulous location but lackluster stay lots of problems with room/ housekeeping exec lounge adequate but not what I expected. The food was okay but nothing I would eat or substitute for a meal. stayed in a suite and at these prices expected more,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best gym,They have the best gym in London area.....this hotel is old ...I mean very old....try to get room facing the street not the courtyard ...staffs are very friendly and perfectly located near every major attraction.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5 star by any means ,I stayed here on wed Thur and I must say was highly disappointed  There is no way this is a 5 star hotel I have stayed in all the top hotels in London which are def worth the money this one is old dated and run down  I had my heart set on spending the day round the poolside with my daughter on Thur to be told the pool shut!! We were very cross by this we should of been told on check in We arrived late to breakfast rudely told by the girl on the front desk we couldn't have anything I quickly decided to try at least for a drink etc the staff were all rude and had to ask 3 people for a drink not impressed as the dining room was still full and 2 more arrived after us Jake in the bar the night before was useless took 15 mins to be acknowledged then a further 20 mins for a glass of…,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Pre-Christmas Stay,"Very festive atmosphere and enjoyed use of Executive Lounge which added to the luxury (we booked with Hilton Honours Points).  Bit surprised the heating wasn't sorted in our room (it wasn't working upon arrival, no-one pointed it out and I got quite cold the first evening consequently -it obviously had not been working for a while as a heater had been left in the room!?). Reception said we could relocate to another room but as we chose to stay put due to hassle of move, cannot really complain ... but you do expect perfection at a hotel of this calibre and heating seems fairly basic expectation.  Very comfortable bed and clean room.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over priced and average service,"we stayed just one night but attended my nephews wedding at the same hotel. I had booked 2 rooms costing not much short of £700. The reception was busy (Christmas time and a wedding, but still, i would imagine that this is usually a busy hotel). Check in was 3pm. We arrived at 1 for the wedding and hoped either the rooms would be ready or they would possibly have somewhere we could get changed. Neither of these things happened. We were sent to the toilets on the lower ground floor. During a break in the wedding activities and after 3pm we went to check in only to be told that the rooms still were not ready. Not good enough! We stayed in Vegas last month, there was a 20 minute delay for the room and we were credited with $100 for the inconvenience. We got a ""sorry"" and a hint of…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"What can I say, seems this 5* hotel has 2* customer relations or is that just to guests who pay using points.  120,000 points for 2 nights, not including breakfast, any idea how much has to be spent staying in Hilton hotels to get that many points, I wont say.  Firstly, they say the upgrade they offer had been accepted, extra £60 per night for a larger room and executive lounge access, great, we are off to a good start, they then say there is a disabled room available, only difference is it is bigger and only has a shower, no tub, well thats ok for us, got there and it was a wet room, certainly not suitable, whats the plan, hope the guest doesnt slip in there are ruin their evening gown on the wet floor.  Diabled rooms should be kept for people who need them and not handed out…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous couple weeks,Started off our summer journey here.  Have stayed here for many years and will continue to return. Staff are excellent in every way imaginable.  This hotel is all about Location and Location.  Covent garden in your backyard as well as the west end.  As we are theater lovers it's important to be close to the shows.  Look forward to the hospitality suite renovation.  We have booked for next year already!,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stayed for one night only on this occasion . Excellent as always .,"Fabulous hotel , the rooms were immaculate, the staff were brilliant, could not be more helpful . The seasonal trimmings were stunning with treats in the hallway excellent . Breakfast was excellent as always , the executive lounge was brilliant and much appreciated . This is by far our our favourite hotel , by this I mean where my family and myself  feel to be made most welcome and relaxed . Changes , no . Please don't change a thing .",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic style,"The Waldorf is a stylish, classic hotel in a superb location next to Covent Garden. The service was very good throughout. My room (612) was good and comfortable, although a bit on the small side (had to open the suitcase on the bed). But this is central London, so space is at a premium.  I also particularly enjoyed Good Godfrey's bar and lounge, Unlike many hotel bars, this one is very popular also with locals. Excellent atmosphere, great drinks and a much better than average bar menu.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Peaceful Oasis in Central London,"The Waldorf on the Aldwych is such a peaceful oasis in Central London. From pleasant staff on the door, through reception to all staff met in the hotel, the experience was wonderful. A lovely clean hotel with a pleasant atmosphere.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, old style hotel, renovated rooms, old breakfast room","i was there a few years ago. Hotel location is just perfect (Goven Garden). Friendly staff, good size rooms recently renovated. Hotel decor style is definately old fashion style. Breakfast hall wall very old style , food was good. They say that this place used to be the biggest house in the world. There are many places to see and visit for drinks, food or theaters and so much more,in a walking distance",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quick pre theatre cocktail ,Popped in before going to see Carol King at the Aldwych theatre.  Gorgeous little bar excellent service as you would expect and a lovely selection of cocktails. Not a stylish as some hotels but lives up to it history and has an aura of history. London would not be London without the Waldorf ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ten days and no response from the Waldorf Hilton - posting on Tripadvisor instead,"I wrote the below letter to the Waldorf Hilton after our stay in December. Upon posting this, it has been ten days without any reponse whatsoever from the hotel in question, which is unacceptable. I have now detracted yet another star from this usually solid 4- or 5-star experience. Quite a few reviewers have noted standards seem to be slipping lately - let's hope this is just a temporary issue.   The Waldorf Hilton is one of our favourite London hotels and one we particularly enjoy staying at during our annual family Christmas shopping trip. We usually take two rooms, and have always been very pleased with the state of the accommodation and service in the past. This time, however, the situation was unfortunately different. As devoted Hilton Diamond status holders, this was the…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Review,Lots of issues on this trip. Nobody at hotel seems to care that much. Great location but room are old and need upgrade. Beds are worst I've been on. I will be looking at some Alternatives next time in London. There are so many options. ,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Leisure break ,"Location is excellent, Covent Garden just around the corner. Front of house very efficient, alas same cannot be said for housekeeping and breakfast staff. Room cleaned to a very minimal standard, dust accumulated over our 3 night stay and remained undisturbed! Breakfast served till 10am and if you remain one minute longer will be made to feel very uncomfortable even to the point of being rammed in the back with the trolley clearing up, as happened to my husband. Our second stay and certainly our last.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,"Stayed here for one night as a special treat. Service everything you would expect and more. The room we stayed in was not the largest but plenty big enough. Touches of quality throughout the room were first class, from the bedding, toilet, TV, extras etc. All the staff were attentive and extremely friendly and polite. Only criticism is that the bar doesn’t server draft beer.  Would stay there again though, if you twisted my arm :)",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Standards are slipping,"I've stopped here several times and always come back for more.  This time I booked the hotel as a treat for my other half and her Mum.  It was a complete surprise and so we all managed to keep it under wraps until she pulled up outside in a taxi and was made up.    The front desk staff were pleasant and efficient and they checked in with minimal fuss.  I requested a quiet room and the staff obliged.  On entry to the room, my mother in law ran a bath and found a used tissue in the bathroom along with some hair.  She remarked it looked like they had made the bed and left the rest of the cleaning.  This disappointed me as the standards of hygiene are usually much higher.  As the pair of them were off for a show they carried on getting ready and left for their matinee.    After a…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gill Morrison,The best time at the Waldorf London Hotel. Hilton King executive room x2. The staff couldn't do enough to make our annual stay. Our friend Ferooz made sure everything was perfect and the welcome we received was so warm. I cannot praise this hotel enough and would recommend anyone staying in London to book asap ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor breakfast,"This hotel is in an excellent location close to shops and Leicester Square. We stayed on a Sunday night. The room was excellent and it was also quiet. The only downside was the breakfast. There appeared to be a number of coach parties staying at the hotel and the main breakfast room was crowded, so they placed us in an adjoining room which had a buffet hot plate. The problem here was that the 'hot' plate was anything but hot. All of the food in the various containers was cold. Needless to say, we did not enjoy it. I mentioned it to a supervisor on the way out as he had disappeared while we were actually having our breakfast.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and location,Excellent service and the location was walking distance to all the theater and shops. Very pleasant experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in London's West End. The entire staff was knowledgable and very accommodating. The pool was a definite plus.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding In All Aspects,"We enjoyed a two night December stay at the Waldorf and were mightily impressed by the quality of service all round.  The hotel is well maintained and stands in beautiful condition, despite its age and location.  The location for us, was perfect.  Over two-and-a-half days we used the London Underground not once.  Everything is in easy walking distance - Covent Garden is just around the corner - in fact, it's a prime West End location, and in our opinion, much better than the Ritz and the Park Lane hotels.  We had a king size executive room, which comes with access to the executive lounge, a lovely haven of relaxation and refreshment.  (The only irritation are lounge patrons using their mobile phones to have loud conversation and remind us all that they are captains of industry).…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location average rooms ,"Stayed here this weekend for a night.   Picked the hotel for its location near Covent Garden and for that it was great.   The reception experience was excellent (checkin and check out staff very efficient and helpful). The rooms are tired and whilst a good size needed a better clean (hair in the bath area).   The bathroom fittings were also very poor - taps weren't even fixed properly.   The carpet in our room was slightly torn.  Tea and coffee making facilities in the room are ok, but they refused to give fresh milk just stupid cartons and when we asked for a few more we got 3!  That sort of thing just annoys me... The final thing that wasn't great was the room service after 11am - menu is shockingly poor.  We were out and wanted something late but there are only a few options.…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lennie674,"Lovely stay despite the 1:45am fire alarm on Thursday night & whilst checking in to be told breakfast was 7-11am & go down to breakfast @ half 10 to be told it closed @ 10!! But thank you to the attentive waitress in the bar that sorted coffee, juice & pastries for us. She also sorted a complementary glass of champagne that afternoon for us. Hotel is in the perfect place for the shows & Covent Garden. Will definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing stay,"Stayed for 7 night over my recent business trip in London. I have to say this hotel might be the worst one iro the hotels in London where I have stayed although the location is just so great.  The room was very worn down and housing keeping was just so poor which might be even worse than Tavellodge or Premier Inn. It seems they are short of staff and my call had never been answered regardless whether it is  Concerige, reception, room service and etc. The breakfast is always having a long queue and was very average actually  Also they are not very guest friendly for example the Gym won't be open until 8am over the weekend which is unbelievable.  Will not visit again.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good fitness but HHonors Gold lacking","This hotel is is located in a great area (my office is nearby). The rooms are good with the bathrooms pretty big (stayed here 3 times) and the rooms are not all cookie - cutter giving the place some character.  One of the times I was here I had a broken leg and the staff was very helpful.  There is a real gym (non-Hilton brand) accessible via the basement so you can do a proper workout. Lots of machines and free weights. Real gym, not a dinky little hotel mini - gym.   Pool: Large bathtub. forget about laps.  Warning to those with HHonors Gold. You do not have access to the executive lounge. Here it is only for Platinum members. You will get free breakfast but it does not include everything from the buffet. Take the wrong item at breakfast an you get hooked for cash! Very…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good all round,"Breakfast was good but most hotels of this standard have a chef cooking eggs or omlettes etc to order. They done have this so the eggs can be a bit tired. But overall the hotel is very good, nice atmosphere , good staff and great location",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Magical Stay,"What a great hotel and lovely staff.  I stayed here in November with my teenage daughter as we were attending the ballet in Covent Garden.  Our room was wonderful and perfectly appointed.  I signed up for the membership of the Hilton and got free wifi as a result.  Breakfast was included in our package and was good.  Would be nice however to also be able to order a cooked breakfast rather than buffet fare, but buffet was very good.    Staff couldn't have been nicer and more courteous.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  Our room was on 8th floor which offered us a great view of the city.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a let down,"So still waiting nearly a week for the guest relations manager to get in contact regarding our awful stay I will write on here. These days you have to give people a chance.  The Gentlemen on FOH are exceptional,  the ladies however are to be desired!   Yes the location is great but If your room is so noisy from outside traffic through the night this is not acceptable. The worst night sleep I have ever had and such sore eyes on the Saturday.    The pillows are shocking and if i had of known before I put my head down at 11pm I would of called down to request better quality.   Our room was so small and uncomfortable if had has been more than one night. So make sure you pay for a decent type of room.  Very very disappointed with our stay and contact from the hotel as promised by…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay again,"Wonderful hotel would highly recommend, booked our third stay before we'd even left. Situated very conveniently for the River Thames and other site's, including a short walk to St. Pauls. Tour buses tickets stand situated outside the hotel and the pickup point also.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovey hotel,"This is very venally located for the west end theatres, Covent Garden,soho and is opposite Somerset house. We stayed here with reward points on HHonors. Room 704 was lovely and quiet. Would recommend this hotel",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for West End Shows,We have stayed her on many occasions and return often as the hotel is within walking distance of most of the major theatres and the Opera House. With Covent Garden within a stone's throw and restaurants in abundance there are few hotels of this quality and value in such a prime position,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT STAY,Great location and service.  Bar is a great place to meet locals and travelers alike. Staff was very helpful and the place has a feeling of being timeless and modern at the same time.  Great hideaway from the bustle of Soho.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good central place in London,Very central place. Staff friendly and rooms are clean and comfortable. Would recommend and will stay again. Perfect if you stay and want to enjoy some of the shows in London or even for Business reasons.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Was very excited to stay at the Waldorf for the first time last weekend but I have to say, the stay was exceedingly average. Don't get me wrong, the staff (on the whole) were exceptional but the hotel was not.   The room was pokey, the shower didn't work (cold), the extortionate round of drinks we bought in reception (we weren't allowed in the bar for some reason) took an inordinate amount of time to both order and arrive, and the place felt generally pretty average. Not at all what I'd expected  Hey ho. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No breakfast until 7am in London??,"This is pitched as a premium Hilton in London complete with expensive cocktail bar and doormen. However, it doesn't serve breakfast of any kind until 7am. If you're staying on business and need an early start then you probably need to stay elsewhere. Not even a grab and go or a coffee cart - poor show...",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We stayed here to go see a show for my little girls birthday so it was ideal for us as  it is close to all theatres, The hotel itself was beautiful and the room spacious, the staff were very helpful and accommodating, breakfast was very enjoyable I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another pleasant stay.,"As stated before in reviews, great location for theatre land and Covent Garden etc., The hotel was full to capacity during our stay with various functions taking place, that appeared to put the staff under pressure. Service slow afternoon tea and particulary in the evening. Otherwise a good experience as always. Room 802 has fantastic view over london.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,elegant and stylish,wow great welcome great check in very smart room fantastic shower comfy bed great location right in the heart of london fantastic buffet breakfast lots of choice we got this hotel on a deal what a great treat to stay here,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nostalgic,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton as the second leg of a two-part birthday trip which also took in Barcelona. The Waldorf was in complete contrast to the Hotel Arts in Barcelona in terms of décor. Being a significantly older, and historic hotel, the Waldorf is confined in how it can manage its star rating, but for me the nostalgia of the place helped make this trip.  The room was comfy, bathroom very good and all in all a wonderful experience. We had access to the executive suite which we used on all three evenings as a starting base and for breakfast. It was well equipped and stocked and we were well looked. Staff at the Waldorf were excellent, especially the young concierge who had an interest in whiskeys, and Megan in customer services. I was very keen on the location of the…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,much better than last time,"great room, clean and comfortable, the staff were on point.  The exec lounge does look a bit tired, but was spruced up with the christmas decorations. Check in and out was very efficient and the service in the bar and quality of the drinks was great",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,My first time in this hotel since all my favorites where fully booked. The hotel is very centrally located at walking distance from all the major sites in London. The hotel itself is quite old with restricted common areas. The room was probably one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed and the bathroom even smaller. Service was inconsistent depending on the employee you were dealing with. For example while the reception and concierge staff where excellent the service in the breakfast area was below average and definitely below Hilton standards.  I will try to avoid this hotel in the future.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First-rate,"Stayed for six nights in a beautiful executive suite with views onto Aldwych, so there was some street noise but not too much.  The king bed and the sofa bed were both super comfy!  The executive lounge was a big hit with us -- good breakfast, tea and cocktails.  And the restaurant and bar downstairs were excellent as well.  Room service, housekeeping, front desk, and concierge teams were all lovely.  Location is perfect -- blocks away from everything.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still good!,"reviewed this hotel nearly 2 years ago and have stayed several times since then. It has consistently been very good and this stay has been no exception. The team in the Executive Lounge are smart, professional and on the ball - always willing to help if you need something. Our kettle 'crashed' at 0630 in the morning (probably blew it's fuse but would not work) - one phone call to the front desk and a replacement arrived in about 5 minutes. I mentioned a slight problem with the TV while chatting in the lounge with one of the team - he arranged for this to be resolved while we were out during the day and when he saw us later that day he asked us to ensure that it had been done to our satisfaction. Having had a few bad experiences at Hilton Group hotels during this year (as well as…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The Hotel is situated in a perfect place. Its on a very leafy road and does feel very cosmopolitan. You can see the lights shining and blinking on the outside of many theatres within 200m away.  The door staff where so friendly, they made me feel important remembering my name upon return to the hotel and upon departure the next day.  I had some guests so opted for drinks and food in the bar that whilst not cheap far exceeded all of the 4 guests expectations.  I think the best analogy I could give anyone is that whilst expensive this place does what it says on the tin and should exceed any expectations.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great experience!,"Stayed 2 nights on a recent trip to London. Like the business lounge. Great for a quick breakfast or an alternative venue to catch up on emails outside the room. Unlike many other hotels in Central London, the room is spacious. Great location even if you are not on business as this hotel is close to the theatres and all the major tourist spots.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic hotel in ideal location,Stayed here as part of a trip to see Beautiful - The Carol King musical at the Aldwych theatre which is right next door to the hotel. Had to wait until 4pm to check in having previously booked but apart from that the hotel was very good. Great buffet breakfast and available until 11am. Great beds and pillows and very nice and clean. This hotel is an ideal base for most of the theatres in Central London.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Central Location for Exploration,"The Waldorf Hilton is a great central location for exploring London.  It is a busy area and the hotel is busy, but our room was quiet and comfortable.  Staff were excellent -- helpful, courteous, and friendly.  It was easy to access the hotel from Heathrow - just get an Oyster card, take the Piccadilly Line to Covent Garden, and walk about 5 minutes.  (Just don't do it during rush hour!)",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Booked (and paid for) ""The Waldorf"", got the Hilton Garden Inn","Well this is a never again experience.  Organized a 7 person meeting for my global sales management team here. Many arrived to find their room not ready, despite booking a room for the day prior to their early morning transatlantic arrival.  Rooms are fine especially in the context of a 100 year old property - larger than many in Europe & UK. And the location, on the edge of theatre land with easy access to rail and the City, perfect for business and fun alike.  The only real down side is that there's precious little storage space in the room, aside from closet - nothing that functions as a dresser for shirts, sweaters etc.  Livable for a couple of days, a bit of a PITA for 6, especially if double occupancy.  The real problem was that room cleaning got later and later each day:…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"This place was a great place to stay if you wanted to be within walking distance to all the attractions. There is a lot to see within a mile in either direction. The staff was very nice, the service was great and our room was very good. The hotel is not a true Waldorf Astoria, but it's very nice with a great location. the place could use a little make over, but overall a good place to stay if your in London",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful property,"I stayed there for 4 nights, i had a beautiful stay in general. The staff is helpful and the quality of the services is definitely 5 stars.  It reminds me of the Waldorf Astoria NYC.  I would highly recommend it and i look forward to coming back again.  Thank you for such a beautiful experiece.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive!,"Very expensive for one night, very standard room and small. Tiny window which look out to a brick wall.Wanted a bath but the hot water wasn't very hot. Breakfast was ok (we ordered to our room) and when leaving the receptionist tried to charge us even though it was included in our room. Didn't find the staff overly pleasant either - when ordering breakfast over the phone I found myself arguing with the receptionist before 9am over god knows what",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in London,"The Waldorf Hilton exceeded our expectations.  The staff was extremely attentive to all of our needs.  The location was perfect, Covent Garden is such a lovely area.  The underground transportation, taxis and buses were steps away.  Also wonderful restaurants and theatres right next door.  Would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,room cleaniness,"Bathroom ceiling paint peeling off, indicating a lack of attention to detail, or perhaps worse a lack of concern. It makes me wonder if it is a management oversight in delaying scheduled maintainence or lacadasic employee care.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but very poor room for cost,"You can't fault the location but one of my most expensive one night stays and the room was very dated and poor value. Breakfast was great, contacting reception was an issue as they just didn't pick up. Overall better value available ",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A return visit,"A very enjoyable stay. Our room was a twin deluxe situated at the front of the hotel. We were surprised how quiet it was, no traffic noise and no corridor noise.  Very clean and comfortable. Some food on the breakfast buffet could have been hotter, but still enjoyed it.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cramped and crumbling. Don’t waste your money,"Context: I stayed here for a long weekend stay based on location, gym, pool and a bit of luxury.  The Waldorf in Edinburgh is a landmark building of beauty and charm, and this swayed my choice.   Plus Points: Great building, location and gym. Free bottled mineral water in the room and nibbles in the bar when ordering a drink.  It's also just better than another Hilton near Paddington I've stayed in.  Thank goodness for the fine restaurants outside.   Negative Points: How long have you got?   I checked in late and was given a room that was fitted out for a wheelchair user.  Consequently everything functional was at a lower level which I understand. However, I should have been informed of this at check-in. I paid extra for a superior room and it was was clean, tastefully decorated…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Winter weekend break,"Stayed at the Waldorf on a weekend break with my nephews and was not disappointed with our choice of hotel. Lovely hotel, good location, friendly, helpful staff. Stayed in an executive suite which was very spacious and well equipped, nephews particularly liked the TV in the bathroom. would definitely use this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand hotel of yesteryear ,"We booked an executive room to have access to the lounge. The lounge was great for a quick drink before dinner, breakfast wasn't that great as tables were in short supply, the bread ran out and the food was pretty average.   Room ok, nothing special for the money - £300, and that was on offer.   Staff brilliant, location for Covent Garden excellent. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and nice personnel,"Prime location in London for musical and culture lovers, some of the musicals running even on the same building. Staff was very nice and attentive, with very professional attitude.  Hotel itself is a bit old, and you cannot avoid noticing it. For me it was additional charm, but some might not like it.  The only think we did not like were queues to breakfast, maybe something could be done to that. Also, I did not get an upgrade with Hilton Diamond card.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for visiting Musicals,The location is perfect located for visiting Londons Musicals and for a Nice meal. We had an excecutive room With access to the lounge. The lounge where a bit crouded but Nice for a quick glass before gooing out. The hotel gives an greate feeling of beeing in old London. And the service where excelent.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleased we returned and we have already made a new reservation for Christmas.,"After staying here before a couple of times and not being very impressed the last time we stayed we decided to return, as a friend had recently stayed and was complimentary. We were both very impressed with the new refurbishment and the Executive lounge now seems to have its act together. The Homage Restaurant has an excellent menu and the breakfast is fantastic as is the service and the ambiance in the dining room.  In fact we were so impressed with our visit, I immediately called a very polite Megan and booked a suite for 5 nights over Christmas, from the 23rd to the 28th so we will see how the Waldorf handles Christmas for us as it will be our first Christmas away from home and our very first with our new arrival, so again we will be testing the Waldorf's hospitality as a…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, but just a few let downs ","Myself, mum and friend treated ourselves to a stay at the Waldorf as we were going to the theatre. Check in was fine, very friendly. Room was beautiful and the little extras really made a difference. The executive lounge was comfortable and relaxing. The restaurant needs a little improvement in its service, this was extremely slow and one of us didn't get chance to have our main course! Tried again for breakfast this morning. The queue was huge, so had to go to the exec lounge, where the hot choice was very poor and the coffee machine was broken. My other complaint was the lifts. One was broken for the whole stay and the other two were that slow, that it was quicker to walk! I would stay here again, but would eat outside of the restaurant unfortunately. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant Hotel,"Good location. Decor simple and elegant. Staff very friendly. Had to wait a little to check in but hotel very busy so sometimes it happens. Room again simple and elegant. Reasonable size. Only issue was no hot water when wanted a soak after sight seeing and shopping. Cocktail bar again very elegant and nice intimate atmosphere. Not sure what was happening at breakfast, had to queue and tables very close together. Nice selection of food. On the whole very much enjoyed our stay. Will visit again.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little of London's pride and culture in a hotel,"As the doorman opened the wooden doors, the quality was there for all to see and feel. an attentive front desk, a responsive porter were as expected from such a location steeped in history. The room was excellent and spacious, clear and well stock. the bed was large and there was plenty of storage and work space.  The breakfast started a little late for me, 7am but the food was very good with excellent choice. The bar was really good, a throw back to the 1920's, 30's and 40's. great choice and service.  Clean, good size rooms, excellent service and a nod to the culture of London.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2 days in London,Ladies spoiling themselves in London we had a great stay it was only minor things we couldn't upgrade and the check in was a little long breakfast was lovely food wise however I thought the service in the breakfast room could of been improved ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,40th Wedding Anniversary ,My wife and I celebrated our 40th anniversary with a trip to London.  We chose the Waldorf for our accommodations. The hotel is well located for the London theatre which we enjoyed. The hotel was wonderful and the staff was outstanding. They did all sorts of small but very appreciated things in honor of our anniversary. They ensured all of our needs were tended to. Our suite was very nice and comfortable. We very much enjoyed the rustic bar. All in all the Waldorf hotel and staff exceeded our expectations. Thank you. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful old world charm,"Love this hotel, always so well presented, love the rooms and the dining is always so good. Breakfast is a wonderful spread and not to be missed. Bar can get busy in the evenings and service could be better in there.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly situated,"Great hotel in the heart of theatre land just a stones throw from Covent Garden. Room was on the 6th floor and was more than adequate for an overnight stay,very clean and extremely comfortable. Our only negative would have to be the queue for breakfast which was  so huge resulted in us checking out and eating our breakfast elsewhere.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Trip,Room was excellent and very comfortable. Staff very helpful and friendly. Location was excellent for the theatre. They delivered a small birthday cake to my husband just after arriving in the room. I had contacted the hotel a week earlier to book a bottle of Champagne for a surprise for my husband and they were very helpful ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Visit with family,My sister and I took my mother to London. She is in bad health and in a wheel chair. The room was large and the staff was incredibly accommodating. Super friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed our stay and would stay again.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or1995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing - there are many better in London,"We stayed here one night recently for a wedding. And while the wedding was fantastic - this is a good venue for that kind of thing, with a great reception and dining area, which probably merits both of the two stars I've given this - the hotel was a massive disappointment.  When you go to a decent London hotel, do you want (a) to hear people running in the corridors, even when they're not making that much noise (b) to queue up for more than 20 minutes to check in and out and (c) to have pot luck on whether you can get a table for breakfast, let alone actually manage to order tea or anything from the kitchen.  If you do, then this is the place for you. But if not, maybe have an event here and sleep somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel just some downfalls,"Very good hotel. Just a long queue for breakfast if not going first thing. Was informed upon check in that would receive a 20% discount on the food and drink bill in the Homage restaurant as a result cancelled table at The Ivy, the discount was not applied and resulted in the manager being called. Not much consistency between staff in the hotel, some staff informing of different breakfast options from the kitchen others not advising at all. Also, £100 payment taken upon check in from card and was advised this would be kept on hold until check out and immediately refunded, this has not been the case still waiting 3 days later for money to appear in account. Mini Bar extremely expensive £4.50 for a small tub of pringles!!!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Tale of Two Hotels,"So, like many hotels, your mileage may vary from stay to stay, or in this case from night to night.  Check-in was smooth, a bit rushed but friendly, even acknowledging my Gold Status with Hilton.  I told them that I was here with my wife for our 20th Wedding Anniversary but alas, no upgrade or any complimentary service was offered.   That's fine... no biggie.  They gave us room 232 which was VERY small... my first disappointment, but hey, big city, old hotel, okay... it happens.  The next morning however, the shower plugged up and wouldn't drain with me in it, causing my wife to be unable to shower.  OK... these things happen too.  Upon informing the desk that we would be out for the day and what the problem was, they assured me the problem would be fixed.  Alas, upon returning…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel and Staff,My family and I had the pleasure to stay for a few nights a couple of weeks ago.  The hotel was great and I was given a free upgrade as a HHonors member.  The lobby was very formal and pleasant to be in.  Also the staff was friendly and very accommodating to give directions and to help us in getting great dinner reservations close by.  We will surely stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location good, service very very disappointing","Room was ok. Not small, but certainly not big. Bed was very very hard. Bathroom was ok, but not amazing. Time has caught up with the room and the hotel (what the heck is a TV volume button doing next to the toilet!?). I would say outdated. The small window offered an ugly view on, well, roof.  Hotel seems to cater to people that see the word Hilton and think luxery,in the end it doesn't live up to that standard. The fact that the nice center entrance is used for a fitness club and hotel guest need to take a side entrance says a lot.   Location is super, escpecially when you want to see a show. That's also what saves this review, because the service and helpfulness of the staff is far below par.  Main reason for that is because we booked a room inlcuding diner at the Hilton…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not really impressed,"I attended an event in the ballroom. The room was incredibly hot and when I asked the staff whether I could order a GF dish, I was told that nothing was available. I even tried to buy crisps and were told no! The event wasn't your fault but the GF options - peeps you need to do something about this!",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury in the Heart of Theatre Land.,Look no further than the Waldorf Hilton for an ideal base for a visit to London's theatre land. From the moment you walk through the door you are made welcome. The architecture is worth the visit and the cocktail bar presents a lovely opportunity to relax pre or post theatre visit.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Looks nice from the outside,"Don't bother - this must just about scrap into 4 star rating. When we got there we were persuaded to upgrade to the executive package which included breakfast, afternoon tea and evening finger food and drinks. On the face of it good value. Very average/poor quality. The executive lounge was very busy and we were unable to get a table or be seated. Although staff were there no real welcome. Other things didn't quite meet expectations. Chaos at check out! Won't be going back.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Come on guys,Went for breakfast 09.30 today Saturday. There was a queue which took 30 mins. And omelette took another 20 mins. Come on guys- I have NEVER had to queue to get a seat for brekkie. You have to do better. This is poor service. Worried about tomorrow! ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION,"The Waldorf Hilton was wonderfully located and walking distance to major sights. Staff attentive and helpful. Room very nice and clean. We would definitely stay here again and, of course, would recommend The  Waldorf to friends traveling to London.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Heart of activity, period building style and class.","room 318 overlooking the street at back of hotel, no noise. Reasonable sized room, good size bathroom.Spotlessly clean, Staff friendly and very helpful and funny, We could find no fault until breakfast, we were let down by the poor replenishment of the cooked breakfast. Waited over 40 minutes for poached eggs, total of hour all told. Gave up by then.Tea too wishy washy for me prefer popular brands. Good job took my own t.bags. Overall stay great. Close to Convent Garden, Leicester Square 10 minute walk, theatres all around. Pubs every corner expensive but its London. Great atmosphere, xmas is all around.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meeting up with Friends and Family Weekend,"Arrived 20 minutes early before check in, some people were able to get their rooms but ours was not available.  Said we would take coffee and wait as we were early check in 3pm we left our luggage with concierge and was told once our room was ready the bags would be in our room waiting for us. Also booked ahead and ordered extra pillows for room so was looking forward to see it this worked.  After coffee, saw lots of people checking in, coach tours etc,  but no one had advised us our room ready so went back to reception at 3.20 checked with another lady who advised me it was not ready, and arranged for us to have a drink while we waited.have a complimentary drink while she sorted. We opted for an alcoholic drink this time and was advised the alcohol would the the house wines or…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb once again,Stayed here again this week and the Waldorf did not disappoint. The hotel is so well situated within 10 mins walk to the tube at Covent Garden  The hotel has a great atmosphere and all the staff are wonderful. Great afternoon tea and dinner in the restaurant,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as it used to be!,"We stayed here three years ago, and sadly this time were disappointed.  We were upgraded to an executive room, which was ok, although the bed was hard, and the bathroom was chilly although very well equipped.  Breakfast in the restaurant was chaotic, with cold, hard fried eggs, frankly disgusting scrambled eggs, overcooked bacon and a long, long wait for a pot of tea.  Next day we had breakfast in the exec. lounge, which was a great deal better.  The staff there were great, but the staff in the restaurant seemed to be completely overwhelmed and disinterested.  The hotel is clean, but somehow has lost it's charm.  It's well situated, but very expensive for what is on offer.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business event,Good located near my favorite musical place Mama Mia! London style hotel. Good breakfast and tasty food the size of the room is ok. Well trained staff. Little bit expensive. That have good facilities for business conference or event. I  recommend that hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, rekindled my faith in Hilton","After a poor experience at the Hilton in Paddington the night before, moving to the Waldorf Hilton was godsend. The room was very nice, the air conditioning worked and was quiet. I would have a minor complaint that the room I got looked straight into a wall 2 metres away, similar to one of the drawback about Paddington. I wish the hotel would tell me at check in, if I was staying longer at the hotel I would have asked to get moved.  The buffet breakfast was a far better quality to Paddington, I always prefer bircher museli and it was nice to see it available.  The staff were very helpful and I wish I had time to enjoy the health club.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Again,please?",Excellent room with more than enough lighting-unusual in a hotel .Bed linen super quality-bathroom good -plenty of towels-sitting+ writing area. Homage restaurant set meal -lovely+ what a choice of breakfast!  Position in London good for getting round the attractions.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful property,"Stayed overnight due to a morning meeting, thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The check-in was swift (short queue, absolutely expected), and before I knew it we were up in the room. The rooms at the property match the character of the building and and have that 'classic' flair about them. Comfortable mattress, pleasant temperature.   Went for breakfast in the main restaurant in the morning, and even though I was initially greeted by a queue, I was seated and served very quickly. Good range of options available for food, possible to order special eggs etc from waiting staff.   Whenever I visit Waldorf, I try to spend a little time in their cosy bar - I find it's a very comfortable setting for tea or cocktails.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Annual Dinner,"This year the chef provided a fantastic menu.  Asparagus and quail egg to start, pumpkin soup, lamb slow cooked and melted in your mouth, treacle tart with raspberry ripple ice cream and a cheesecake with suger tweel.  The staff are extremely friendly and attentive and the guest speaker was brilliant Sir Ranulph Fiennes - if you are wanting an amazing speaker, he is your man!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"We used this hotel for a 2 day training event back in early October. Our company CEO and 2 senior trainers stayed at the hotel and all rooms were great and we were provided with a free upgrade upon arrival. Breakfast was also fantastic with a huge range of options served in a beautiful bright dining room.   The meeting room facilities were good, perhaps in need of a little TLC. We were based in the Aldwych suite and had 10 delegates. The room size wasn't ideal for the group number; we opted for a U-shape set up but as coffees and lunch were served in the room, there was very little room to get around during the breaks and lunchtime.  It would be a lot better in the restaurant was open for lunch for meetings clients.   The staff at the hotel were great, from front desk, concierge…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage restaurant was first class - highly recommend,"Birthday treat, we were spoilt rotten. We upgraded to the executive package. We used the lounge when we arrived and had afternoon tea, included in the price. It's quiet, it's calm and it was like a sanctuary after a busy morning shopping. Our need room was huge, well worth the extra money. We stayed in the same room last year and it was great to have it again. We used the pool and steam room and then went to the executive lounge and enjoyed the free bar and canapés before going down to dinner. Michael greeted us and we were looked after by Mikesha - first class service, both members are a real credit to the hotel. The food was exceptional, both quality and flavours were memorable. The prices were more than reasonable and considering the quality of food exceptional value. Great…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,Hotel chosen for convenience only due to function being held within the hotel and a nearby Symposium and certainly  not on value for money. I understand that hotels in this location and associated with a particular function will not be cheap.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional service in a lovely building,"I can honestly say this stay was amazing. Staff are just exceptional, so helpful and welcoming.  The room was immaculate and we had access to the executive lounge which is a lovely environment with assorted soft drinks, nibbles, afternoon tea and evening alcoholic drinks and morning breakfast. Concierge and door staff were always on hand to asdist with bags and hailing cabs. We also had an evening meal in the restaurant which was of a very high standard. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel with Exquisite Restaurant!!!,"One of the most beautifully restored hotels in London.  This upscale hotel is located in London's famous Theatre Land. The Lyceum Theatre and Leicester Square are a 10-minute walk, while Covent Garden Underground Station is 5 minutes’ walk.  I really tried a lot of fine-dining restaurants too in London and one of my favorite restaurants was my fine dining experience at their ""Homage Restaurant"". And, their Queen Hilton Room was amazing! with class furniture and well-detailed decoration.  Location Wise! This hotel is amazing! And, their hotel is beautifully restored. A must-stay hotel in London.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A truly wonderful experience,"I booked in at the Waldorf as a special birthday treat for my Mum, and we loved every second of our stay. Staff were fantastic; friendly, professional and accommodating. Our room was extremely comfortable and very clean. The dining experience is certainly something that I will remember for a very long time- for all the right reasons, of course!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,OK lunch,Had an hour to kill before a meeting at the hotel so used the lobby bar and ordered a club sandwich and coke.  Took 45 mins for lunch to arrive after which no sign of any waiters to take the bill.  The hotel somehow needs to vet who uses the lobby bar area as many tables were taken by people not consuming food or refreshments and who had just wandered in to sit somewhere.  Otherwise lunch was tasty and the hotel foyer spotless.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Show stay,"My mother and I had a fabulous couple of days in London, taking in a show and seeing a few sites.  We were very happy with the service from all the staff at the hotel and would happily return and plan to do so soon. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Always reliable, wonderful for a theatre break, centrally located.","We nearly always stay here and are seldom disappointed (this review does have a couple of complaints / suggestions for the management at the end).    First, as usual rooms on higher floors are quieter.  However, we've probably stayed here nearly 20 times and have never had a room with any noise issues.   Also, don't worry about getting an interior facing room with ""no view."" None of the rooms actually have a view of anything unless you're on the top floor in a suite (an upgrade ... long, long ago).    We stayed here on Hilton points (I am a Diamond member) twice in July and August, in rooms 235 and 325.  Both were queen 'upgraded' rooms and very nice; 325 was perhaps 25% larger than 235.  As a Diamond member, we had access to the Executive Lounge.    If you're staying here and…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good hotel but a little overpriced.,"We stayed at the Waldorf for 6 nights at the end of October/beginning of November. This is a nice hotel, but the queen size bed(?) is small and not very comfortable. The breakfast is good but expensive. The staff and service is excellent, and the hotel s well located in the theater district. Overall it was ok, but we expected a little more than what we got based on the price.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but needs some fine tuning,Nice location close to outdoor market and restaurants. Executive lounge has wine and cocktails but only for a few hours so it's easy to miss. Bar in the lobby should reconsider it's hours. I saw a full bar with at least 20 people told we are closed. I'm sure a good amount of money walked out of the bar that night.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but not great,"We decided on this hotel because, although expensive, we were staying for just one night.  We can't comment on the food because we ate out, but the staff were very friendly and attentive. We had no need of room service or housekeeping, but I suspect it would have been excellent. The bar service certainly was. Yes, drinks are expensive here, but we expected that so no complaint there. Two flies in the ointment though; one was the size of the room. It was smaller than, say, a Premier Inn room, so was the bed and for £220+ per night (on a deal) we expected a little more luxury. We declined a £40 upgrade because we thought it would be larger. The second was at breakfast; there is simply not enough room. There was a queue of about 12 people waiting to be seated and the food was not…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,RATS,"I have stayed at the Waldorf many times and in fact members of my family have been married there so I am very familiar with the hotel. You can imagine my shock and horror at finding a mouse or perhaps it was a small rat scurrying across the floor of my room. Of course I complained immediately and the answer was ""we have never had this problem before"". I felt that they were trying to put the onus on me for having complained rather than fessing up that they obviously failed to meet the health and safety standards of England where one would expect the highest requirements of hotels to maintain sanitation and be vermin free. Although I expect the rat was more afraid of me then I was of it I did not get a good night'a sleep and when I went down in the morning to complain I was…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good value,"Are here early on a Friday evening. Restaurant wasn't busy so lacked a bit of atmosphere, but wasn't a problem to us. Ordered from the set menu as we had a voucher. Ordered extra vegetables but they didn't arrive. Chased them up but by the time the arrived we had finished eating so I sent them back again. Genuine error by waitress who was very apologetic so all was forgiven. Soup starter a bit tasteless. Lamb main course very good, although had to request more red wine jus. Apple Trio dessert very good. Very good value. Staff very attentive and helpful",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lives up to the name,"The hotel is located in a historical building but with the modern comfort. The people are very friendly and helpful.  The hotel truly lives up to it's name in all ways. The room is spacious and the bed is huge. In the room there was a cupcake as a welcome gift, which if very thoughtful.  The executive lounge very busy it was difficult to find a place to sit, and because it was so crowded it certainly wasn't a place to unwind and relax.   Breakfast we had in the general restaurant where there was plenty of choice.  We really like the hotel a will more then likely book this hotel again on our next trip to london.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A beautiful hotel with excellent staff,"A special adult birthday celebration break in London and this was a perfect place to stay. Great location, helpful staff and nice bedrooms. Breakfast was fine- a good selection- but hot plates were oftern not! There was something for all tastes. I would recomment this for adults wanting a relaxing break in the city. All staff were helpful and friendly. A great place.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Very central location and still a bit away from there very noisy areas. Service at the hotel are great and all staff acted very helpful and well informed.   At a hotel at this price free wireless internet are expected in 2016! This is only complain and reason for the 4 star only.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, friendly reception staff.","Still the restaurant staff could do well with some training in giving service and beeing friendly. Doesnt feel welcome in the hotel restaurant. Not worth the money and the breakfast that was included was quite poor, expect more of a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel,"Very attentive staff, beautiful and spacious rooms, great atmosphere, and great location.  A wonderfully extensive breakfast buffet, with a full range of hot and cold items, breads, cheeses, meats, eggs, etc.  Great concierge who remembers your name.  Look forward to going back.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location, great service",The Waldorf still has it! Great hotel with well appointed rooms and comfortable bed. The hotel is in a great location and great for just wondering out of the door and exploring. The hotel has retained much of the old charm and certainly has character. I would certainly return,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice traditional english hotel.,"We had a executive suite and that was perfect for our family. 2 large rooms and 2 toilets. We used the executive lounge a lot for breakfast, afternoon tea and some small dishes with free drinks in the evening. If I go to London again, im sure i will stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, service can be a little spotty","Was in London on business and brought my wife with me.  Splurged a little and got a room at the Waldorf.  The room they put us in was so tiny there was really no room to even put our luggage.  As a Hilton Diamond they did get us a nicer room for our last couple of days.  it is kind of busy and loud, and the interior is a little worn.  Due to a small lobby, it gets very busy in there, and it is almost a requirement to wait in lines for a while to simply get a room key recharged.  Maybe rethink the lobby and make it more efficient.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Upgraded? Not sure.,"The location of the hotel is one of the best things I experienced from staying here, I didn't take advantage of much else there since I was there for work. I didn't eat there, work out there, basically the only time I was there was just to sleep.  When arriving to the hotel, I was happy to only have to wait for a limited amount of time for a room to be available prior to the usual check-in time. The kind gentleman who checked me in said he was going to try to get me an upgrade, and would need a few minutes. When it was processed, he said it was a bigger room, in fact 3x the size of the one I had booked. When I went to my room, I can't imagine that this was 3x the size of anything. It was tight, and I expected this being in Europe, but I can't believe it was really an upgrade…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rude,Hotel in enviable position with a proud reputation.  Check in staff were great but waiting staff were appalling.  Particularly the bar. Nice room comfy bed if all a little bit tired. Would return but only for location. Hilton you should be doing better,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in the heart of Convent Garden area,"This is a very lovely hotel, well updated, excellent service.  Kevin at the front desk was super helpful and friendly.  Located within walking distance from the underground and near many of the theatres and trendy bars and restaurants in Covent Garden.  Unfortunately, the pool area was closed for maintenance while we were there.  Did not have breakfast or dinner here as we had reservations elsewhere.  Although, the bar staff was very friendly and quick.  I would definitely consider staying here again.  It is a great location if you want to visit the theatre and trendy bars.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,We had a ball in the venue so decided to stay at the hotel.   The room was ok- we got an executive suite- though not nearly as spacious as was advertised.   There was access to the Executive Lounge which had breakfast there- with a decent spread.   The staff were polite and friendly. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Eat-Drink-Sleep,"The stay was absolutely fantastic, The staff were extremely friendly, and very knowledgeable, as i'm not in London too often, they gave made sure i knew absolutely everything i needed to know, they gave us rough timings of places to be and main tips of things to see. I won't say too much as i'm currently writing a 4 page review to be within our magazine, you'll be able to see all there :).  Thank you!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A game of two halves,"This is a two visit review. Our first visit was in July for 2 nights, specifically for my 50th. The main complaint was that we booked a room for 3 people, so a double bed and 1 single. On arrival there was no single bed. We were assured a bed would be put in while we had dinner at their Homage restaurant. On return, there was still no bed. On contact with reception we were again promised a bed. Still nothing after 30 mins. Went in person to reception, bed finally arrived after another 20 mins. Not ideal as we were tired from the journey etc. The meal at Homage was not good with non available food, and drunk individuals from an adjacent wedding coming and sitting at our table uninvited. I did not expect these problems for the considerable amount paid, but would still complain…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely,We stayed here for one night and only used it for the room we didn't dine or drink in the hotel. We loved the room we had a executive suite and it was beautiful. Bathroom was amazing it was areal luxury to watch tv whilst having a bath. The bed was huge and the facilities within the room were great. The location is also fantastic. Would stay here again without question.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton,"A really nice hotel - well situated for Covent Garden and many of the London theatres.  Booked a deluxe room which was very nice and well equipped, but rather expensive for what it was.  Thought the greeter on the door with the bowler hat a tad over the top!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"First weekend stay in London and thought we had booked one of the best hotels - we were very wrong.  When we arrived we found a dark, dingy and small reception not what we expected from a top hotel.  We had booked the executive King room but were taken to a room that can only be described as a double with a sofa crammed into it.  After speaking to reception we were moved to a room that was more like the room we expected for £300 a night!  We were told that executive King meant that we had access to the executive lounge, this was a joke it was a poky little room full up with noisy families and there was nothing executive about it, we were told that this is where we must eat our inclusive breakfast.  Well we gave it a go on the first morning, it was packed with people banging…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just ok.,"Reviews are based on location, service, other perks and value. Highest score is 5/5.  1. Location 4/5 - Covent Garden is a nice location with tons of great restaurants, shops and theater nearby. Black cabs outside the hotel (some that would take credit cards if you like points but most do not so make sure you have some cash). Facade of the hotel looks tired, not as pretty as the picture posted by the hotel. Tons of better hotels nearby.  2. Room and service 2/5 - We got an executive room with the executive lounge perk. There was no view (rooftop), floor was creaking, design was blah and uninspired. The bathroom had knobs that was falling off (the knob to turn the heating towel bars was for show and not working). The bathtub was steep, glass door was halfway attached, easy to…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton ,"I stay here around 6 times a year and it really is a great hotel, nothing is too much trouble for the staff and they really are a boon to this establishment, yes it's not cheap but this is reflected in the service received and as a diamond member I have experience in this area as I only stay Hilton when I travel. I must mention the concierge staff here especially Jason who is outstanding in his job, assuring me my car was secure and incredibly knowledgeable of the area. The rooms are clean , the executive lounge is great if a little small and the restaurant/breakfast room grand. The Waldorf is becoming my favourite hotel in the UK ! ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Ideally situated for a trip to the theatre in London. We needed a room that could take a couple and two bairns and the Waldorf gave us an executive suite with two rooms; the bairns had a large sofa bed and their own bathroom while the main bed could have accommodated a family all by itself;  the  main bathroom was huge with separate bath and shower. Facilities and toiletries were excellent. Executive lounge was a nice bonus but the lounge and well-stocked bar were welcoming and the breakfast was fantastic. The staff were extremely friendly and efficient and nothing was a trouble. This is not a hotel that confuses service with an excess of cushions. We had a great stay. We could have given the Lion King a miss, stayed in the hotel and the bairns would have still been happy. Will…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"Fantastic Hotel experience,  wonderful friendly staff in a beautiful example of Old London style, ornate ceilings with fantastic festures. So close to londons theatreland. Reasonably priced rooms and bar prices",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay,My husband and I returned to the Waldorf Hilton for a week recently.  The location is excellent--near several theatres and Covent Garden restaurants. Also it is near the tube and many bus lines. The staff was helpful.  The rooms are comfortable.  The most attractive room in the hotel is the breakfast room which serves a fine buffet.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay,"Stayed at the Waldorf on a Sunday/Monday overnight stay with a coach group. To say that 40 plus people depended upon the reception desk the check in procedure was very slick and without incident. Staff were very accommodating particularly with those that had walking difficulties. My allocated room was no more than one would expect from an advertised 5 star London hotel with all of the usual amenities. One strange thing I did notice was that when the wardrobe door was closed there was a light on (all night), when the door was opened the light went out......Strange.  Breakfast was probably the best I have ever experienced whilst staying in any hotel, excellent. The hotel itself is perfectly situated if you're in London for a theatre visit or even just to wonder around Covent…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Interior does not match historic exterior,"Nice hotel with lots of history, but the rooms are more Ikea in the 21st centaury than the historic Waldorf. The breakfast was disappointing and not of the standards you would expect. Great location for Covent garden and central London attractions",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our first visit,"The hotel is excellently situated for theatres and shopping in central london. The staff at the hotel were very atentive to our needs, we asked if we could change room, and there was no problem. The breakfast are very good a lot of choice and as much as you need.We also had room service one night that was excellent. We will definately return to this hotel, as we visit London every year.If you are looking for a relaxing break then I can recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location but dated,"The hotel is located near several theaters, restaurants and Covent garden.  Everything is within a few minutes walk.  The hotel can be expensive so look for offers.  It's an older hotel but the rooms we were in has been remodeled.  The club lounge is a disappointment.  Very crowded with only so-so selection of food.  Probably wouldn't pay extra to upgrade to club level. Room is clean and modern. Good noise suppression since we didn't hear much of the street noise despite being on a busy street.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Junior Suite,Excellent weekend. All staff were brilliant.  Very caring. Nothing too much trouble. Disappointing sofa (sofa bed) in lounge which didn't sit properly. Very uncomfortable for watching television. Bedroom was very comfortable. Dinner was superb. Even the chef came out to see us.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,enjoy west end!,"This hotel is my second home. I spent more the 500 night and every time my experience has been improving. In particular since the renovation, rooms are more comfortable and the new bathroom are more functional; really like the new style. Staff is helpful and professional and during my last stay Cristina G. was key to help the organization for my 6 rooms booking. Do not click around, this is the best hotel to discover London",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,Booked for a luxury weekend ! Breakfast tasted good but plates and some of food cold . One of waiters was offish which not pleasent. Pool shut early without notice so that was upsetting . Not worth money to be honest . Can't fault the rooms though clean and lots of room ,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected!,"It should not have the Waldorf name attached to this hotel. Although people were very gentle the place is dirty and not Waldorf style. The executive lounge it is just ok but be aware, it says it is close until 11 pm but by 10 there is nothing there. Just water and soft drinks. On the other hand, if you like shows, plays and musicals you are at the best location. Price is good for a London Hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely!,"The service at the hotel was marvelous!! Each bellman was attentive and very helpful. The lounge was a nice resource when we arrived before our room was ready. The gym downstairs was a nice size compared to other hotel gyms and had many different machines along with free weights.  The concierge was extremely helpful and made several excellent restaurant recommendations throughout our stay. Along with this, the location of the hotel was ideal.   The highlight of my stay here, however, was the tea! The chef was very accommodating to both a normal and vegan diet and even made a bath of vegan scones just for us. The tea was lovely and serene, and made us want to come back desperately. The breakfast buffet, also held in the tea room, was equally as excellent.  I certainly recommend…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Traditional Hotel,"The hotel is situated in the theatre district with many musical theaters and restaurants around. Many sights are in walking distance and the next underground station is about 10 minutes away.  During my whole stay the staff were very friendly, at checkin, during breakfast and at checkout and the concierge was very helpful. Breakfast was ok, nothing special. My room was rather small, but clean, with a comfortable bed. All in all a good experience in a traditional hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Location!,"The Waldorf is a centrally located hotel in the Theater District but also within walking distance to Museums, abundance of a variety of restaurants and pubs, and Covent Gardens.  The Waldorf also provides excellent service from all their staff-Very professional and kind!  Will be back!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Touch of Class.....yet.....,"The front of the build is imposing - the welcome warm and friendly.  Our room on the 5th floor (527) was very clean yet somewhat small with a view of walls, roofs etc.  We only have two minors these being there is no free wi-fi, which was surprising. And the room doors shut on their own with such force that they wake you up ! This happened on several occasions during the afternoon and night disturbing our sleep....surely simple adjustments to the closers could resolve this.  Breakfast was exceptional a great choice on offer all fresh warm and well laid out in magnificent surroundings.  Can't fault the staff and their attentiveness or the style of the build.   Final point it's the Waldorf....don't expect Holiday Inn prices at the bar 😀  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea ,"Well over the top. Certainly nothing special unless you love different types of tea. Sandwiches and cakes ok. Wouldn't go back, you can get a lot better and cheaper elsewhere. Pretty much any food outlet locally would be as good.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"What a disappointment!! Went here today for a friend's birthday as a lady's afternoon get together. We got tempted  by the great £26 pp for a champagne afternoon tea offer. Unfortunately, I would have to echo the poor reviews here.   The staff pretended to be busy ( doing nothing), they took a long time to even serve us water, let alone sandwiches and when they did arrive, were disappointing, salty and dry. We were not asked for anything extra and struggled to get the staff's attention every time we wanted water let alone tea.    Even the bill took forever to arrive and so did the waitress with the card machine ( after the bill was given) Since it was a special occasion we didn't want to argue about the service charge. Any other time I wouldn't have paid any tips for such non…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"A great suite, spacious bedroom, pleasant lounge, good dressing area and lovely large bathroom.    The executive lounge serves and tasty breakfast, good morning coffee, an inspired cream tea and lovely canapés and wine.    This is a great place to stay whilst in London, close theatre land, west end and convent garden.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pure quality,"My self and my partner stayed here for two nights and we both have to say it was the best stay we have ever had in any hotel ever the staff from Jason getting our case to booking in with Chris and the breakfast staff bar staff I would be here all night if I was to name them all ,breakfast amazing the evening meal was just 5star ,the room was so clean and a great comfortable bed not a single complaint 5star break from start to finish thank you all Derek and Hazel ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury in the Theatre District and near Covent Garden shopping !,Luxurious hotel right in the middle of the theatre district. A short walk to Covent Garden and Picadilly Circus. Other direction takes you to the Thames. Wonderful breakfast buffet and elegant bars for evening drinks. Near Holborn tube station. Step out of the hotel into the middle of central london. Friendly and efficient staff. Internet free when you are a Hilton Hhonors member and book online.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff Make This Hotel Great,"My wife and I have stayed here many nights over the years and have been consistently satisfied. Cristina and Alice in the Executive Lounge are the best. Robert the bellman is always hard working and cheerful. Linda ,an intern, handled our pre-arrival requests promptly and professionally. The remaining staff all seem happy to be working at the Waldorf. We look forward to our next visit.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great meeting facilities, but ...","We were here for our second business event this year (our last visit being in April) and once again were afforded truly great service from the staff and a first rate buffet luncheon.  The only disappointment was that I had previously reported an issue with the gents toilet and was told by Heather Stewart Welsh ""thank you for bringing this to our attention and this issue will be passed to our Engineering department."" Sadly, five months later the door in question was still tatty and hanging open.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"Fine hotel in a excellent location in London.   Good service, nice room and amenities, minutes to Covent Garden, theatres, restaurants, shopping, museums, the river, sites.   Easy to get to from the underground to the rest of the city and Heathrow.  Would choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central London Luxury. ,"The Waldorf Hilton- London Hotel lives up to its name. A beautiful, centrally located Hilton hotel a block off the Thames in the Center of London with everything you'd expect from either the Waldorf or the Hilton Brand- British Greeters in tophats, free tea, coffee, water upon arrival, a grand piano in a lobby bar, an indoor pool/sauna/spa with one of the nicest attached hotel gyms I've ever seen, modern yet simple, well adorned rooms, and everything you want for a breakfast buffet. This hotel has it all. If price is not important and you're chasing simplicity and luxury, stay here.   I give it a 4 out of 5 simply because of the price- I paid $320 for a single night.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful staff, great location! ","This hotel was wonderful! Close to everything and the staff is top notch! I travel a lot for work and this is by far the BEST hotel I have stayed in!! I recommend it to everyone and would not hesitate to stay there again!!! It is within walking distance of Covent Garden (wonderful shopping!!), the Houses of Parliament, Waterloo station, the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square, and several Shows (the hotel is literally sandwiched between Mama Mia and Beautiful and just around the corner from Lion King and Kinky Boots). An added bonus....just outside is a stop for the hop on hop off sightseeing buses!!! ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"We've just spent 3 nights in this gorgeous hotel. Our room was modern, clean and quiet. Location is perfect for a weekend in London. All the staff we encountered were encountered were fantastic from housekeeping to door men. We enjoyed the cocktails in ""good godfreys"" where the atmosphere is relaxing and the staff attentive.   I would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel.   Special thanks to the door man who fetched us an umbrella when it was raining on our way out to the theatre.   On our next visit to London, we will definitely be back.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend!,"We have stayed before but have just spent the weekend here to celebrate my mums 80th, seeing a show (Kinky Boots - it was very good). I booked an executive room with separate lounge and we were very impressed.  The room was over looking the front of the hotel and looked recently refurbished, very clean, huge bed.  Mum was amazed that there were 3 tellys (one over the bath) and 2 loos!  We used the pool too, which was very quiet during the day.  Overall we had a fantastic weekend in a beautiful hotel, with great service from all staff.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Exceeds Expectations,"Great Hotel even greater staff. They all bent over backwards to make our stay something to remember. This was our first trip to London and the hotel helped to ensure that we will be back. We have traveled extensively throughout North America and would rate this hotel among the very best. You can tell the way it is managed by the cleanliness, attention to detail and attentiveness of the staff. Being within walking distance to just about everything from fine dining to sightseeing destinations the location is superb. We highly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great birthday treat,"A wonderful night spent at the Waldorf. This was our second visit which was even better than the first. The reception manager, Benjamin, made us feel very welcome right from check in and made us aware of the excellent executive lounge option which was worth the extra money. The complimentary bottle of fizz that Benjamin organised in honour of my partner's birthday was also very welcome. We shall be going back!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Ours was a one night stay, got an excellent deal and the location was perfect for our trip taking in the Temple Church, The British Museum and The National Gallery, our visit to Borough Market was only a 15 minute walk over the river Thames as well. The hotel was superb, staff were friendly, we didn't need them much except to point us in the right direction a couple of times but all were welcoming and friendly. Our bedroom was big enough, spotlessly clean and comfortable, what more could you want? As Arnie said, I'll (probably) be back.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay in a great location for many of London so sights,Wonderful hotel! Made to feel very welcome! Stunning service and lovely spotless hotel room! Really made our weekend away special! A must stay if you are in town for the theatre! A real treat!!!! Would love to back if I can afford it!!!,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely return visit,"Groundhog day😃 always love visiting London and the Waldorf always makes our stay more special- great room E14 - great lounge - lovely cocktail bar . Breakfast in the lounge has everything you need to set you up for the day .Many thanks for having us , see you next visit😃",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The best hotel experience in London....,"I just returned from two weeks in Central London during which I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton Hotel on Aldwych. The room to which I was assigned was magnificent with Juliet balconies (yes, there were two) overlooking The Strand and a television in the bath!! I had access to the Executive Lounge which was very convenient for catching up with home emails and texts in a friendly environment (with refreshments!) The restaurant Homage and Good Godfrey Lounge served exceptional food and drink. I swam in a gorgeous pool right on site!  The location is perfect for theater lovers, museum lovers and Thames river lovers! Bridges, cruises, The Eye, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus all around the corner! The most precious commodity of this hotel is the staff, from Guy Hilton the GM who …",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel with some service slips,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 4 days as part of our trip and it was a fine stay but there were was oddities. The room is of good size with a nice shower-tub and a good wardrobe for clothing. The building itself is beautiful and the location is great for getting all over London. Several buses stop directly in front of the hotel, multiple Underground stations can be round nearby and walking is of course easy with access to many bridges.   We had some issues with the lighting as some experienced delays in action of several moments which is odd when you come home late and the room is dark. Another issue was when we were mistaken for not paying our bar bill late one night. The staff was a bit too quick to accuse which left a bad taste. Our room was made up each day well but for…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!! Love it❤️,Great location!! Friendly service and employees were always very helpful ! The hotel was beautiful the food was also great! My family and I loved it and will definitely be staying here for our future visits to London! ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Two day business trip,"I was given room E17 on executive level. No window on the room, literally, no window. Thin walls, bed is next to door, full traffic of long corridor is in my ears for two nights. Bathroom is bigger than the room itself. This unit must have been used for service before. Terrible experience.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One off  luxury weekend break,"My wife and I decided to have a luxury theatre weekend in London we stayed at the Waldorf , what a beautiful place to stay the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The room was of a decent size but smaller than expected. I must confess there was one little personal disappointment, this was when we went do for our breakfast we had to queue, finally it was one of the best hotels we have stayed in.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit ,Stayed at this fabulous hotel X staff food everything was perfect I could not fault it on bit . We arrived on a Sunday night had dinner in grand salon and it was fabulous. I would definately return for another dtay,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location location location!!!," My overall impression is that this hotel looks a bit tired but still attractive and runs like a well oiled machine! Our junior suite was huge by euro standards. There was a sitting room apart from the king sized bedroom, a walk-in closet, a shower stall and a tub!!! Very english, sophisticated, comfortable, luxurious, spacious and clean. Executive lounge breakfast selection was better than expected. It could easily pass as a legit breakfast buffet lol. The location was what sold me...it was conveniently located in Covent Garden, close to everything. We walked leisurely across the river to the South bank, then continued on to the London Eye and crossed the Westminster bridge to say hello to Big Ben! I would stay here again:)",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Restaurant ,My daughter and I visited the restaurant before we were going to a theatre show. Upon the arrival the girl at the entrance to the restaurant informed us we hadn't time to eat there as the show was one hour and thirty minutes to the start. This confused us as only three tables were in use . We asked to see the theatre menu anyway and decided no as it was mostly game meat on it . We looked at the a la carte menu and asked to be seated.  This seemed a problem.  We were placed on the table away from the main area . We ordered our meals and when they arrived the potatoes and chips were not there so asked for them and fifteen minutes later we got two jars of tomato sauce.  The young lady on service spoke very broken English and didn't understand us. After that we asked for the desert…,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great first class hotel,"Both my wife and I visited here in October and had been looking forward to our stay for several weeks.  We were not disappointed, from pulling up outside to be met and our car taken to a secure car park to checking in and being told that we had been upgraded to the Astor Suite on the 6th Floor. We were a little early so we were looked after by Sunny the concierge who looked after our luggage whilst we sampled the Executive Lounge before having a walk around Convent Garden which was 3 minutes’ walk from the Hotel.  After arriving back to the hotel and getting the key to the suite I must admit I wasn’t expecting to see a suite like the Astor. From a separate fridge with champagne and wine, to a fully stocked mini bar, superb comfortable four poster, Large Bath Tub with TV, sitting…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"I stayed at the hotel for a few days during a business trip. I was very disappointed with the level of service during check in. The lady who assisted me could best be described as sulky and inefficient. When checking in I was told I was too early. Not a problem for me. I asked for access to the business centre so that I could do some work. When I went downstairs the key card did not work. Trotted upstairs, after a long wait, only to be told that the centre was booked out for a conference. She then directed me to the Executive Lounge. After waiting a long time again, I was told the desks are reserved for people without computers. Since I had my own laptop, I cannot use the desk! What a joke. Rooms are small. Rates are on the steep side so one expects the best. My Room was small…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay in London,"My husband and I had a wonderful time staying at the Waldorf London for 2 nights. Our room was beautifully furnished, comfortable and clean. The view of the London eye out our window was magical, especially all lit up at night. Highly recommend staying there. The staff was friendly, helpful and customer service was top notch! They even greeted us by name, which we loved!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love covent garden,Location was great.  Hotel was great.  Service was great.  Executive lounge was well worth it.  Nice pubs nearby.  Convenient tube stations.  Good shopping.  Definitely the place to stay if going to a Show.  Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb Executive Service,Our returning visit to The Waldorf was Simply superb from the greeting arrivals staff to housing keeping - Every department offers 100 plus - my appreciated complements must go to all members of the Concierge team with further thanks to all the restaurant & executive lounge staff.  Many thanks to all   Mr F Woodford MBE,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I will not be staying here again,"When it takes 45 minutes to find your reservation and book you in and another 30 minutes and two calls to reception to send your bag to your room and you need to ask for the free wifi password because they want you to spend £12.99 for 'premium' wifi (which means you can actully use it), and when you do not get your expected morning paper even when you ask for it again in the morning you just give up expecting anything resembling service. By then even 'very very very very sorry' with lots of excuses doesn't change the fact that what should be a top hotel provides service like a two star dive. There are much better places to say than this and next time I am in London I will be at one of them.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 rooms in 3 nights,Great breakfast experience and the executive lounge is excellent.  Having to change rooms 3 times in 3 nights was not a great experience at all but the staff responded well to my concerns.  The hotel is in a fantastic location and very handy to Covent Garden.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,champagne Afternoon Tea,Tea room decoration is very tired. Service was very slow. Waiters pleasant though not attentive. It was difficult for waiters to understand if something was required outside of the normal set tea. We waited over 15 minutes for non alcoholic drinks as a substitute to champagne,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Dinner in restaurant; Had set menu, vegetarian option ridiculous for price. Unimaginative and a little offensive to be served this as a main course ( Cous cous and biter rebut squash purée.)Also one vegetarian desert in 2016 in a large city is terrible. Staff where a little rude and almost felt belittling, I tried to brush this off as my grandmother was looking forward to this trip. Didn't complain as I was there for a birthday meal and didn't wish to spoil things for my grandmother. However I would like to highlight all customers are equal and paying the same amount of money and this should receive the same respect and service.  Whole trip was very overpriced compared to other large chains I have stayed with in London and European city's. ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Having read some of the reviews on here, I'm not sure I stayed at the same hotel.  We felt the hotel was excellent in every way, the concierge very helpful and the reception staff the same.  As we arrived a little early, we were expecting to have to leave our bags and return later, but the receptionist did her utmost to get us checked in there and then.  The room we had was lovely, a good size with an enormous bathroom and immaculately clean and very tastefully decorated.   Again I can't understand other people's review regarding the service in the restaurant as we had a good experience having eaten there on the first night of our stay.  The bar is very comfortable and the barmen that were working during our stay, exceptional.  Very good at making cocktails, (not made from…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A pleasant return,"Always a special experience at the Waldorf, in the heart of London it's a great place to return to after a show. The staff are so responsive and helpful and all aim to make the stay special. The room was a good size, great bed and fantastic bathroom. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and good hotel,"I have stayed here several times on business as the location is fantastic near Covent Garden. On my first stay I got an upgrade on my room and it was fantastic with large windows to the front of the hotel, massive comfortable bed, seating area, luxurious bathroom etc. and I really enjoyed my stay, my next 2 stays I was in 2 more basic rooms, and one was tiny - far too small for the price paid! and it wasn't decorated or maintained to as high a standard as the other rooms. I liked the access included in the rate to the gym downstairs which was very well equipped and as I said before the location was great and not to be beaten! Staff are fantastic, friendly & professional but I think some of the rooms could do with some love and maybe refurbishment to bring them up to ""worth the…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lives by its name only!,"Very disappointing to say the least. The service in this hotel is poor. There was no conciage to meet and greet at front of house we had to go in and find them to get our car moved which we had pre arranged. Check in seemed to take forever and the staff on ground level seemed stretched and unable to cope. I felt our arrival was a nuisance. When you think of what you pay you automatically expect good service.  I take my hat off to the American's there service leaves us as the poor relation's in this country.  There was four of us for a girly weekend and the room was no great shakes. We had not booked breakfast but decided to go down and the quality for the price was poor as was once again the service, one of the cups on our table had lipstick on it.  I would never stay here again…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over priced and poor value,"Stayed at the hotel last week for 2 day business trip. For the price the quality is very poor. My room (232) was low quality, TV quality and channel choice shocking, Air con unit hanging off the wall ...  Would not consider this again for a visit..",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible service,"My partner and I went to the Homage restaurant in the Waldorf hotel on Saturday night to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel and restaurant looked very nice, but that's where it ended. We were shown to our table, given the menu's  and then left us for some twenty minuets before we were given a bottle of wine. No other type of  drinks were offered to us like water. My partner asked for no chutney or vinegar on the starter, and when it finally arrived again 20 minuets or so later, it had balsamic vinegar on it. The food it self was quite nice but the service very slow. My partner asked for the cheese board, but did not want goats cheese. What did he get, GOATS cheese. The waiting staff were not interested in what we wanted, only what they wanted to give us, and when they could be…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic gin tasting lesson,"Booked for afternoon tea and gin tasting and it was superb. Slightly aggrieved that we weren't in the main room which looked spectacular but went to the bar as we were the only ones booked in on the day. It took away the decadence but made up for it with what followed.  The scones and cakes provided weren't what I was expecting for an afternoon tea and felt rushed but luckily the host (forgot her name I'm afraid) was brilliant.  A choice of 4 gins had to be picked. and with each one chosen a history about the gin and an explanation of how to accompany it with the perfect drink followed.  An example was my favourite Xoriguer. Spanish gin. And in order to enhance in I had to use the ingredients (a tray was provided for all choices) coffee beans, grapes and pure lemon juice.  If…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab location ,"Stayed here 3 weeks ago with my family! Prior to traveling I contacted the hotel who informed me the booking I made online would not accommodate a cot in the room I had booked, so I had no choice but to pay more we were told we would have a suite on the 8th floor and a view.  On arrival we were told the suite was no longer available, eventually we settled for a king which was big enough for us on 5th floor with no view! The ladies on reception tried hard to accommodate us (thank you) and our little boys were given Thomas toys!   Minor issues  The pool was a little chilly for my little one!  Two members of staff stood out for being aloof and arrogant, a young concierge and blonde woman who worked in the lounge reception.  The food was lovely and we had use of the executive…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,September 2016,"Room was basic and small, lacking wardrobe\storage space.  Location is excellent being close to Covent Garden. Price is expensive for the room you get.  There is an option to upgrade, but this should not be necessary in a hotel with the reputation of the Walldorf",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.! not worth the money at all !,"I booked this hotel as a belated anniversary trip for me and my husband, I was expecting something very special from this hotel which unfortunately did not happen, we were very disappointed.  We paid £650 for 2 nights in a room which was okay, it was tired and not very impressive décor wise.   the lounge / bar area is very small and just as you walk in the front door so it is very cold, also we tried on 2 occasions to have drinks and due to people coming in and having a drink before the theatre and after the theatre and we could not, we were told to come back once the theatre had started so had to sit in our room and wait for 45 mins.  Breakfast was not edible, after a 15 wait in a queue we were put on a table where I could barely get in or out it was not very good, we left and…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dinner,My husband and I had dinner ..it was a tired restraunt  ..needs updating  ...to dark to read menu ...we orderd steak was not cooked even to be rare ....we had it changed with no problem  to chicken which was delicious  ...staff were very helpful  and attentive  ...,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired room living on location,"I stayed for one night in a normal room.  To say it was bland is an understatement  The communal areas of the hotel are very pleasant and well appointed but my room was just a drab white, no wallpaper, nothing.  To make matters worse, there were dirty finger prints on the bathroom door and, despite running the tap for an age in the morning, no hot water in the basin.  Thankfully the shower was OK though.  That said, great location, you couldn't really ask for better near to Covent Garden etc, but that's about it.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memroable,"This was our 9th visit as an expanded family and we treasure historic memories. The central location is excellent for the theater district. It is 5 minutes’ walk from the river. The surroundings are safe. There are numerous buzzing pubs and restaurants. The rooms vary, but all have rich décor.  Lights and storage space are inadequate in some rooms, but we found this a minor issue. We had access to the superb unique Executive Lounge which offered breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks. The Hilton breakfast experience in a huge Victorian style room is great. Our granddaughter considers the hotel as home. What more can I say? We will definitely visit again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quick London Visit,"Stayed here for three nights in September.  Great hotel for walking around some of the best parts of London.  Hotel is a little warn in spots.  It could use some updating.  My room was clean and nice, with a very clean and updated bathroom.  The executive lounge did a good job.  You can't beat this hotel for location, right on the edge of the theatre district. Overall a good value.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel and reasonably priced on Friday night ,"Attended an awards event here on Friday night. Hotel is well situated and close to many of London's attractions. Room price (Queen room) on Friday night was £214 (£5 discount for hhonors members :) so I decided to stay there, as I'd paid almost that much for a Travelodge by Liverpool Street earlier in the week. It's a nice hotel. Rooms are pretty typical Hilton rooms, nothing to write home about. Queen room was a fair size not large, although bathroom was perhaps larger than average for central London. Didn't like the step up into the bathroom from the bedroom - recipe for disaster after a few drinks! Comfortable bed. Plenty of wardrobe space and nice tea service with a proper tea pot (essential for us Brits)",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business cum Holiday,This a centrally located elegant hotel. The rooms although small are very tastefully done up and are spotlessly clean. The staff is very helpful yet discreet.  The breakfast had good spread and well laid out. Very convenient for theatre. A large no of sites are within walking distance. Would love to stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Trip to London,"The Hotel is close located to Covent Garden and a really historic city building. The parts have different floor niveous so there are steps moving around the corridors. there is 1 central lift area - so steps can't be avoided - the building is quite modernized to the latest fashion providing air-condition on the room and my bathroom had a real window which I could at least open a bit until the blocking kicked in. The fitness is operated by an external company and in good shape, the pool is nice. the restaurant was quite good and the service nice. overall it was an enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf in Covent Garden,"Second time to stay here.  Staff is courteous and prompt. We had a few issues which were taken care of immediately.  Fortunately, we were able to use the Executive Lounge which offered breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks.  Located in Covent Garden and close to the financial district, theatres and good restaurants.  Easy walk or Tube ride to all major museums.  Ask for a room facing the front if possible.  We will stay here next time.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fanni Morcsányi, kind and professional","I took part in a conference and I found the hotel very elegant and the staff very friendly. In particular, I want to mention Fanni Morcsanyi, she was very kind and very professional. I think she is a great example for the staff of the hotel. I love her.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I can only reccomend,"The Hilton Waldorf is a beautiful Grand Hotel in the heart of London. A perfect location if you like the buzzy atmosphere. The staff at my stay was very friendly, great service  in the bar and Restaurant. Dinner was delicious! The breakfast buffet was really good too, so many different varieties of healthy food. It looked beautiful. I will definitely come back.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A very good, convenient place to stay at a reasonable price for London","Location is very good, just off the Strand, in the theater district, and two blocks up from the river.  It’s about a 20 minute walk along the river to Parliament, or across to the London Eye.  The British Museum is nearby.  There are seemingly countless pubs and restaurants.  The surroundings are safe, and we had no concerns walking around after dark.  The nearest tube stops are Temple Station (Piccadilly line—this goes out to Heathrow) about 4 blocks away, or Covent Garden Station about 10-15 minutes walk.  You probably wouldn’t want to drag your luggage from either station.  Instead, a taxi to Paddington Station costs about 20 quid, from which you can ride the Heathrow Express train (18 pounds) to the airport in 15 minutes.      The room décor is rich:  white walls and…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Costly,"Although the Waldorf is ideally situated for theatres, the overall cost including parking for one night in a standard room of £300 was expensive. Better value, in my opinion, can be found in the Guamann Group. I am not an employee, simply relaying my own experience. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea disappointment,"Following on from lots of other poor reviews, unfortunately I am going to add my own.  I went to the Waldorf on Saturday 24th for afternoon tea with friends.  We had to wait over an hour to be served, when the tea arrived there was no milk, ALL the staff had that amazing ability to be very ""busy"" doing something else and we had to call out for them to come to our table at least three times.  The sandwiches, when they finally arrived, were OK but nothing special.  There was no refresh of tea or sandwiches.  It was very expensive, considering what we got for the money and we declined to pay the service charge as we didn't feel we had had service to warrant it.  Even then, no-one came to our table to ask us why we had declined,or to apologise for the poor service.  Very…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top floor woes,"Room 812. All quiet and spacious enough, but at night it suffers from being on the roof, and the AC units on the rooftop keep going on / off all night long. We mentioned to the receptionist at checkout and although she couldnt do anything about it, she did try her best to console. we couldn't change room as we got back to midnight and had already unpacked, but didnt hear the noise until we started to sleep.  We didnt enjoy breakfast as the service was woeful. Big old hotel, but be careful what room you choose, as the top floor is not the one i'd have again.  On the plus, its a great location central to Covent Garden area.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Nights stay,"My daughter had a great time in London, we always stay at the Waldorf Hilton.  We had a fantastic room, with very comfy beds.  The rooms we have had have always been spotless.The stay was perfect.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else in London.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldor London,"The location is excellent, especially if you want to see theater. The room was good and I made use of the executive lounge. All,staff, including the fitness center (which is under separate management) were pleasant and very competent.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They Really Care,"The staff at the Waldorf Hilton bent over backwards to make me feel appreciated and safe. They addressed be by name and continually asked if there was anything that they could do for me.  The location is outstanding. The hotel is on the edge of Covent Garden. It is walking distance from many of the popular sites and transportation is readily available. If you enjoy theatre and want a variety of dining experiences nearby, this hotel is wonderful",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still full of charm,The Hilton Group have kept much of the charm of this famous hotel.  The front desk can often be overwhelmed but service is generally very good.  Upgrades to Junior suites mean the use of the Executive Lounge which is very good.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Service and Great West End Location,"We finished up a UK Thames cruise trip with two nights at the Waldorf Hilton.  We were pampered from arrival to departure with terrific service delivered with a smile.  Our Jr Suite was very large and well furnished.  The Exec Lounge was well appointed and full of good snacks. Our concierge assisted with dinner reservations, an airport car and a half dozen other questions to make our short stay as enjoyable as possible.  The WiFi was excellent.  There was a wide range of breakfast foods.  We had drinks at the bar and they were well made and well served.  Everyone we met at the desks, in the restaurants, the lounge, or just walking the halls let us know that they were there to be sure we had the best possible experience. And we did.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An absolute beauty,"So glad I booked this hotel. We paid £100 per night each - B&B and it was worth every penny.  The rooms were spotless, the breakfast was the best I have ever had in any hotel. When we checked in the room was not ready which we were not bothered about but Lordes on reception insisted we could have a free drink each in the bar whilst it was ready ans then gave us a free bottle wine as well. How lovely.  Housekeeping were great, concierge were very informative which is what you expect. The only thing was it was £12 each for a liquor coffee which we thought was a little expensive.  We were situated in the middle of everything and didn't need the underground. We will definitely return. Thank  you Waldorf - you should be proud of your staff.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic English Experience,"A venerable hotel that has been updated with everything necessary for the modern traveler. The staff is friendly. The rooms are clean and quiet. The food was good and, the internet worked. The location is great for visiting the museums and the theaters. We had a great visit.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"The hotel is in a great location.  Our room wasn't ready when we got there, so we were given a complimentary drink and a bottle of wine sent up to room. Very generous considering we only had to wait 10 minutes. The rooms were very nice and the beds were extremely comfortable.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and lovely hotel ,Thoroughly impressed by this hotel. Staff were very helpful and professional. The room was large and comfortable but the location makes it for me. Right in heart of theatre land makes it ideal for seeing London ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Management is poor!,We complained 4 times about noise to management.  The noise woke us up every morning.  Management showed no concern to remedy our complaints or move us to another room!  Great location but management needs improvement to make up for the high cost!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton,"Buyer beware: this is a Hilton called Waldorf, not a Waldorf Astoria brand hotel. I've stayed in many of the Hilton brand hotel in London for business purposes. I would say this hotel was ok. There were long queues for check in at 11pm on a Friday night and long queues for check out at 9.30 am on a Saturday morning. The queue for breakfast was also very long, I had a 10-15 minute wait for a table (although there was a polite note in my room advising me to go for breakfast earlier that 9am due to weekend business).   I stayed in a queen corner room on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel. I barely heard any road noise. The bathroom was enormous. The hotel is steeped in history and is well located for the local theatres, but I think there are better Hilton / Double Tree brand…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Quality Hotel, great location, freindly staff","Top quality hotel in a great location, close to all the top London attractions. We had a few minor issues checking into the hotel and room service but overall we were very satisfied and would stay in the hotel again in the future.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located,People there were very nice and accommodating.  Room was comfotprtable but not very big for what we were charged.  This hotel was centrally located for what we wanted to see.  We did order a cot for our daughter since they had no more rooms.  Cot was broken and they sent someone to fix it to no avail.  My daughter made the best of it.   Executive lounge made it worthwhile. Very good food and drinks.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th Wedding Anniversary trip,My wife and I decided to treat the mother and father in law to a trip and 24hr experience to the Waldorf Hilton as they got engaged there 51yrs ago when my father in law also worked in the restaurant/grill room (that is now the gym and pool).  We started our day with Champagne Cream Tea which was nice and in the authentic Homage Restaurant/Room - this was great and well priced due to an offer.  After this we checked in and went to our rooms which were both ample in size and in good order. Unfortunately something seemed to go wrong with the luggage drop off as we had to chase and these arrived 1 and a half hours later.  The complementary celebration cake and wine also failed to turn up which the reception apologised for. Eventually this was resolved later after some pre dinner…,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary,We came to London for our wedding anniversary with our friends and chose the Waldorf Hilton because of the location to the theatres and other places of interest to us. We found the buses easy to use with most stopping virtually outside the hotel. There was a good choice at breakfast and good service.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This is a Waldorf imposter hotel!,"We have stayed at numerous Waldorf properties, and this is the bottom of the barrel. Tiny, no dresser, if you have stayed at airport hotels, you get the idea. Think long and hard about needing an American style hotel in London. Better choices and value are nearby.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Great location for Covent Garden and central London Rooms and food are same as any Hilton, usual format , but done well The bar is excellent though for a cocktail with great service from a slick team Worth just popping in for a drink",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lost all its early grandeur ,"Just spent one night here and probably will not return,mediocre room and tired bathroom,poor breakfast the list is endless  Overpriced for standard service  My previous visit was pre Hilton days and was exceptional sadly not any more ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Visiting Universities,"The hotel is strategically located and next door to many theaters. Staff are helpful and the suite was excellent. However, house keeping were not up to the mark and they needed continues reminder to replenish shampoos and towels.  Breakfast was good and the service was also good. As a diamond member, you guys should bent backward and offered some significant amenities.  For sure I will stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Class Stay and Cheers to Waldorf Bellmen and Staff !!!,Stayed here 3 nights with my wife. Really just love this location of this place. The staff is great and just a fabulous downtown location. Just a wee walk to Covent Gardens and tube and everywhere. Had drinks one night in hotel which was very nice. Staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was very comfortable. Definitely stay again. Also after checking out my wife left her I-phone with credit cards and cash. We were on the tube at Victoria station to depart to Gatwick and she discovered not having it. We panicked called back and talked to the head bell-man and they had found it and held it. What a relief as her life was really in that phone and red leather case. Cheers to Waldorf Bellmen and Staff !!!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor show - gone down hill,"Not my first visit to The Waldorf but it could well be my last! The room was tiny, the bathroom was tired, fixtures are not being properly cleaned nor maintained. The wall mounted soap dish was on its side, the shower screen leaked with the rubber seal hanging off.  The room had cobwebs on the ceiling, piles of dust just under the bed and in the drawers. The desk seat was badly marked with pen and to top it off the TV DIDNT WORK!   The pool closes early at weekends which isn't made clear to guests. The gym is strongly focused on monthly paying external members. The staff are dismissive of hotel guests.  Breakfast was just ok, staff are sullen and the food selection, poor and disjointed.  Two of the worst issues. TV not working and even after reporting it at the front desk in…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very well placed for leisure and business,"I visited on this occasion for leisure but have also visited for business. The hotel is very well placed for theatres, shopping and Covent Garden as well as being close to the City.  Check in was very busy, but efficient, and we received our room early. The room styled in an Art Deco way and was very comfortable with a sitting area and decent sized bath and separate shower. We had no view but an inner window but that worked as it as very quiet but still bright.  We didn't eat in the hotel but canapes in the exec lounge were very good as was the comfort level. The public bar gets busy with people from nearby theatres but that is to be expected.for its location.  Breakfast in the Exec lounge was good with a decent choice and was a better bet than the main restaurant as there was…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and friendly staff.,Fabulous downtown location.  Walk to Covent Gardens and everywhere.  Had dinner one night in hotel which was very nice.  Staff are extremely helpful and friendly.   Our room was very comfortable.  Definately stay again.   ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average,"I was extremely disappointed with my experience at this hotel from the start from booking a reservation which I was told would take 24 hrs, it took 4 days. In which time I phoned 4 times and asked to speak to Harley on each occasion and he was never available and never once called me back. I then received an email confirming my stay. When arriving at the hotel I asked the reception for wifi code for the guest room in which she responded there is only free wifi in the better rooms and I would have to pay for mine(not acceptable) even in so called lessor hotels wifi is free. Then I was asked would I like to book breakfast but I would have to pay as this does not come with the room. Yet again not acceptable breakfast should come with the room. We was also not told about the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Champayne afternoon tea,My daughter bought me champayne afternoon tea here for a special treat and I was disappointed in the service.   The waiters were too busy to bother and we had to constantly try to attract their attention.  The ladies restroom near the homage restaurant was full of toilet roll and other papers on the floor and basin area.    Not a good experience.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not impressed, poor customer service","I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in August, 2016 with my family and we booked two rooms.  This was my second stay at the hotel.  First, the positive things about this hotel.  It is centrally located, the concierge was very nice and the executive lounge area is a nice place to stop and get some refreshments.    The cons:  I was traveling with my family so at the time of the reservation I requested the same rooms we had stayed in before which were located very close together.  I made sure to provide the ages of my family members and let the hotel would know we needed to stay close together.  When we arrived, the rooms were nowhere near each other (different floors, opposite ends of the hotel).  The front desk clerk was very nice and said he would speak to the manager as the rooms…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,15 minute queue for breakfast,"Great location and good room. However we had to queue for 15 minutes in a corridor waiting for breakfast on a Sunday. Not particularly a 'top class' experience which one might expect from such a hotel. Organisation seemed poor with tables taking a long time to clear and set-up (a 'tray' would have saved waiters from multiple trips to the kitchen to achieve this). When checking out we were offered a refund for the breakfast until, it was stated, that this couldn't be applied to our 'bed and breakfast' package. The adage 'adding insult to injury' seems apt. In summary, set off early for breakfast and be prepared to queue...",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in the fantastic location,"We had wonderful stay at this hotel.  Great location, very nice breakfast, helpful staff.  Great restaurant around the corner, suggested to us by hotel employee - ""Cote"" (we ate there 3 times).  We had an executive room on the 1st floor.  Very elegant, spacious, big bathroom, with 2 sinks.  Close to all the attractions, and Covent Garden tube station.  Would definitely come back.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Incredible,TOp service. Great rooms and bedspreads. Amazing. Room was huge too. Location was perfect. What was more amazing was the service. I had previously reviewed the Mondrian negatively but the Waldorf Hilton is awesome.  ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,For the price rather disappointing. No free wifi;very much a factory feel; don't really want to hear the staff telling each other they're bored. The shower was one of those annoying ones you have to stand under to reach the controls go turn it on. But great location and spotlessly clean room. ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay, Great service, but disappointing response from front desk and accounts","Although I am a frequent traveler to London, this was the first time I took my wife and son to London, and we stayed 5 nights in this wonderful property in the month of august. Our bookings for the entire trip were managed through a professional local Dubai agency Dubai Leisure. When we reached the hotel, we realized that the room allocated was too small for 3 adults and several suitcases. The staff at the reception suggested an upgrade for a whopping fee of 150 pounds a nite, to which I readily agreed. Great service, extremely polite and courteous staff, very helpful in every way possible. However, on the 12th august, when we were checking out, I realized that the hotel had charged me twice for the 5 nights upgrade charges. Even though our taxi was waiting to take us to the…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow!,The building is just stunning. Good service! Staff very very attentive. Highly recommend the executive suit. The swimming pool area could do with a bit of a brush up but nice the chill in. Valet parking is available too.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,When can I come back?!,"Upgraded to an executive King due to getting a great price through Hilton Honours a couple of months before the trip.  During booking the upgrade I mentioned the trip was for my birthday.  When we arrived the doorman greeted us with a big smile, took our bag and asked our name.  When we have him it he wished me happy birthday!    Our room wasn't ready just yet but they asked if we wanted to wait in the executive lounge for a short while with it being before 3pm - which we did.  The receptionist of the executive lounge came to is woo our room keys about half an hour later.  We were in room E11 - we were advised on check in that it was a nice room and floor but to be honest I thought they probably say that to everyone.   Well it was!  Big room with huge bathroom (tv in the bath),…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brittish institution ,Great atmosphere and concept and very British we eat here and the meals wasn't huge but like I say it's TOTALY British and it's a once in a lifetime thing I wouldn't actually go back but it's great for a one off hence 5 stars for the experience of eating at the Waldorf sadly didn't get a Waldorf salad lol ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A class above the rest. ,"This lives upto the Waldorf marquee , which clearly aims to distinguish itself from other  hilton branded hotels in the chain. Great location - fantastic historic building - the doormen in their bowlers just add to the class.  The executive lounge was pleasant - much more than a place to be when there is free canapés  and booze . The gym is part of an adjoining Heath club and is upbeat and inspiring , so much better than the usual perfunctory equipment on offer. It's normally at a premium rate to other Hiltons in London and it's not just the location that dictates this . It's worthwhile spoiling yourself once in a while . Highly recommend  ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,NO AIR CONDITIONING ON HOTTEST DAY OF THE YEAR,"I stayed at the hotel on 13th September and had a thoroughly unpleasant experience. The a/c unit in my room was faulty and initially did not work and then at 1.00 am it started to blow but not produce cold air. When i rang the front desk they agreed there was a problem all over the hotel and that they could not do anything about it. No fans were available as they were all in use. So i spent a night bathed in sweat with no sleep. i did receive a standard email of apology with the usual platitudes of "" valued customer"" ,"" not our usual standard etc"" but no offer of compensation. For what its worth the hotel seemed tired and ,in addition to the a/c there were other faults with the room such as electric alarm clock not set and a white powder substance under the glass on the desk…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Doormen and taxi,"Beware when leaving the hotel and asking for a taxi to the airport, the doorman will tell you that a black taxi costs £100 to the airport, they will offer to order you a car for £75 cash. Your three suitcases will not fit in the car and the Dorman will have to hail a black taxi, this happened this morning and the fare to the airport was £64!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,DIDN'T MEET THE STANDARDS,This hotel is in the best location for the lLondon experience.  Theatres and restaurants within walking distance...but very disappointed with servicing of room.  The Porters were excellent with assistance.  The building is amazing with great bars and Resaurant.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Home from home,"We stay at the Waldorf several times a year either as a couple or extended family and we have done so for a number of years. It is therefore our home from home when we visit London. This hotel is as close to perfection as you can get and having experienced Hiltons all over the world I can confidently say that the staff at the Waldorf are simply the best. They are helpful, cheerful and professional and act as a team to deliver a first class service. Thank you once again Sarah, Cryil, Eszter for making our recent stay such a great time we will of course be back soon. For those thinking about a trip to London take my advice stay at the Waldorf and experience great service in a great hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A weekend away,"This hotel is ideally situated for Covent Garden, Trafalgar Sq etc. In fact we just seemed to walk everywhere from the hotel. The staff were attentive but not nagging you and the room was great - clean spacious and comfortable. Breakfast was serve yourself with a great range of foods available. The Exec lounge was welcoming with appropriate snacks etc. - a real buzzing atmosphere between 6:30 and 7:30 as people enjoyed pre dinner drinks. We had pre booked dinner at a restaurant whilst we were there but next time I think we might try the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great London trip,"Stayed here overnight as a birthday treat and to take in a show. Have stayed at Hilton hotels before and have always been pleased with the service I received. This hotel was no exception, the reception staff were very good. I explained that I had mobility issues with stairs and they showed me a special way to go to avoid them when going to breakfast. The rooms were good, nicely furnished with very comfy beds and pillows.  I would definitely recommend this hotel , its location being very good for the theatres, Covent Garden within walking distance and underground. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Super big room, Lovely staff.","Stayed for one night. ever stayed at this hotel before. Most people were American. Staff were lovely and very helpful.  Room was large with comfy bed and spacious bathroom. great shower.  Had use  of executive lounge but not sure  i would pay for this ( I used my Hilton points for the stay ) The lounge was rather beuge and bland and only had tea/coffee and soft drinks on offer . Sandwiches and scones on offer at 3pm . These were ok but nothing special but not bad either, at night there was wine for a few hours but i wasn't there to sample that. I did have a coffee and sandwiches but i wouldn't pay extra  for this again. The woman in charge of the lounge was rather stern and unfriendly but ok. The bar was ok but very beige.  I must say after reading my review it doesn't sound as…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not overly impressed,"I stayed here for a night with my partner, I can't not fault the hotel it was clean and lobby staff very efficient and friendly. Only complaints I have was the chamber maid woke us up early in the morning for no reason. The room wasn't the one booked online so only had a wall as a view. We booked ourselves in for afternoon tea the staff yet again was very friendly and polite but it was ruined by a very loud creaky door and some sort of construction work in the kitchen area. On a good note my partner did propose at the hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful warm atmosphere, Superb staff.","I stayed at the Waldorf for a weekend earlier this year and I found the staff, room and location of the hotel just spot on. The rooms were beautifully furnished in a lovely mix of classic and modern. The staff were warm and friendly without being over bearing. The restaurant was just lovely and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good service, accordingly priced.","Excellent hotel with the Hilton touch. Location can't be better. Just steps from Covent Garden and walking distance from Westminster attractions and Picadilly Circus / SOHO.  Very good rooms, not that spacious, although I stayed at a spacious suite. Executive lounge for Hhonor members offers free food, private breakfast, te and drinks by the evening.  Has a pool in London! And an excellent fitness ceter, which is crowded since it is a membership gym accesible from the street.  Very good service at all.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Regular stay for business trips,"I always stay here when I'm visiting our office on the Strand.  The location is perfect for Central London, with a host of dining and drinking options nearby in Holborn, Covent Garden and the West End.  The coffee in Fratellis next door is rather nice, too :)  The staff are friendly and helpful, and the rooms are pleasant enough - the bathrooms have been nicely done up, the beds are big and comfortable, but the heating/air con is a bit tired. There's a little bit of an air of faded grandeur about the place, but it's no less charming for that.  Never had a problem with noise either, which can be an issue in some central London hotels.  If you're on the lower floors, use the stairs - the lifts are small and incredibly slow.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pretty Good!,"This was our second hotel in London (the other being the Hilton in Kensington) and we stayed here for one night as tourists. This room is located in the Convent Garden area and is close to many theaters as well as many shops. If you are taking the big red buses to tour London, they also have a stop 2 minutes away from the entrance of the hotel. The location is amazing and is definitely a high point of the hotel. Upon checking in, the staff was very nice and welcoming. Unfortunately we were not able to get a room upgrade with my Diamond status, but it's understandable since it was high season. We did get access to the executive lounge which was honestly very small and cramped. After checking in, we immediately went there to eat and they had a nice array of selections for their…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"From the minute we arrived at the hotel, you were made to feel just that little bit special.  We arrived at the front door carrying only small hand luggage, but the first thing said was, ""would you like some help,with your luggage"". The staff on the front desk were exemplary, one of the smoothest registrations I have ever completed.  The room, queen, was large and beautifully kept, everything clean and well layed out. The bathroom was very large and was spotlessly clean.  We stayed for two nights, with breakfast (which was very good) and I will definitely be staying here again whenever we visit London. Compared to the other London hotels we have stayed in this was just on a different level.  I would like to thank all of the staff for a great stay and look forward to our next…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First visit for fun,"July marked my 4th visit to London.  I have always stayed at this hotel because I am Hilton Honors.  This was the first trip totally for pleasure vs business/pleasure.  I had my teenage son with me and it was his first London experience.  Our room was upgraded -- and it was fantastic.  Along with the club level access, the accommodations were just perfect.  I absolutely enjoy this hotel for a few reasons: 1. It's a Hilton so you know what you're going to get--no surprises. 2. Location, location, location--you can walk or Tube it to anywhere in London. 3. Safety--I always have felt safe here as well as in this part of London.  I will continue to stay here for these reasons alone!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, but not my best stay","The Waldorf is a grand old hotel in the heart of one of my favorite areas of London. Covent Garden and the opera house can be seen from some rooms and most of the best theaters and great restaurants are easily within walking distance, as is the British Museum. Service in the past has been a bit better than on our last stay, however, which caused me to give the hotel a demerit this time. My wife and I were celebrating our 30th anniversary and also had our son & daughter-in-law along for the trip to celebrate our son's earning his PhD. As a Hilton Diamond member, I had communicated these celebrations to the hotel in advance -- which were acknowledged -- bu they also misunderstood a request and had put both of us couples into rooms with two singles... not exactly romantic. When we…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Hotel is very clean as well as the room. All the staff is very friendly and helpful. You have free access to the gym, pool , sauna and steam room. It is just amazing, all you need after a long day walking around London. We had a room service, the food was delicious. At the breakfast you have plenty of choices.  I definitely recommend it. Last but not least the location is very good, just in central London, it's a good point from where to start and visit London. Thank you once again to all the staff .",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"I  just wanted to thank all the staff at the hotel for being so incredibly helpful and friendly.  They offer a level of service that I have never experienced before (and I've stayed in some pretty swanky places), and they made what was just an overnight stop after the ballet into an experience to remember.  We upgraded to an Executive room to give me more room for my mobility scooter, and what a bargain that turned out to be, with access to the Executive Lounge, afternoon tea, drinks and canapes and then breakfast in the morning.  Can't wait to find an excuse to stay there again.  Just fabulous!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Very pleased we stayed here the room was very good and we had a great nights sleep very quiet with no noise from outside. The food was very good we ate our dinner there before walking to see the Lion King which was just a 5 minute walk away. Breakfast was as good as any we have had on our troubles, we will use this hotel again when we visit London next",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great 1 night stat,"Was only there for one night, but was very impressed and happy.  I had an upgraded interior room on the 2d floor that was very large.  Huge bathroom.  Staff was all first rate from check in to exit.  Area was bustling with tourists and theatre patrons.  The Executive Lounge was nice and they had good selections (albeit simple) during meal times and wine/cocktails available during evenings.  I would return. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton experience ever!,"Check in staff was incompetent. Room was horrible. No regard for diamond status. Terrible experience. Staff, other than check in, was nice. Concierge had bad attitude. Executive lounge was nice. Management was poor to all response to questions and concerns. Never stay here or recommend",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A weeding killed my experience as a guest. My room felt like a dancing club. If you take away thst experience fantastic,Just check if itvis a psrty weddingvetc at the hotel before you book and ifcso get a room higher up. My room was a nightclub impossible to sleep at. Thevfrontvdesk could not move me (full booked he said) dobwe sgreed to a bottle of chsmpagne do I could stay swske until the music stoped. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with reservations,"This hotel is well located, reasonably priced for the standard and with a very good staff. However,Maeve stayed there numerous times and bar one or two, we've had a problem with housekeeping and room makeup. It seems if you're staying multiple days, your room won't be made up until late in the day unless you complain. What a pity as its a great hotel otherwise. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let Me Pay Homage,"For a top quality experience, try the Waldorf Hilton, London but use the Homage Premium Card for a great deal on both room and catering. A one off charge gives you a free night and then 50% off food and 25% off drink (subject to conditions).",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,I was going to Reading for a business trip and flew in a day early to tour London. I'm so glad that I did. The Waldorf was an amazing hotel and easy to get to all attractions.  I took a bus tour for eight hours as I was traveling solo and I was able to see many many attractions this way!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disorganised,"Not a good experience. Initial room wasn't cleaned on check-in. Second room had a dirty toilet. Pre booked water, towels and cot weren't delivered. No baby change tables in the public toilets in the hotel and breakfast facilities crowded and long waits.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over rated under serviced,Pre theatre dinner - ordered meal water and champagne.  Bottled water was 'warm' very warm - so instead of replacing it with a cold bottle they brought a dish of ice! Once our food order was taken our side plates and knives were removed - we thought it a little odd but then were told if you want bread you have to order it (it's not on the menu though!!) Then we asked for mustard for the steak and it was as if we asked for something strange - took ages to arrive and we were told that we should have ordered that when we ordered the steak (again mustard was not on the menu!).  Food was mediocre to poor - was expecting a lot more - poor choice won't go back there to eat.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Elegance, peace and good service in a great location","Compared to many other visits to Hilton hotels in London, my stay here was exceptionally good. Firstly the location is fantastic for central London, the only downside being the walk from the nearest tube station. The room was very elegantly decorated and quiet. The staff were always very courteous and helpful, often doing that little bit extra that makes a difference. There was a wide range of choices at the breakfast and it was all of a reasonably good quality. The bar was also very peaceful in the afternoon and the bar staff were very attentive. Considering the price was not extortionate for a hotel of this quality in such a good location I would highly recommend staying here.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel close to Theatre Land,"We stayed at this hotel for a family weekend in London. The rooms were lovely, the staff were great. The location is ideal for exploring London. We ate lunch in the bar, which was delicious and we had lovely cocktails in the bar before we retired. Just perfect. I'll be back.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautifully updated period hotel ,"Lots of Art Deco features in this well located & well run hotel, within a stones throw of Covent Garden & the Strand.  The rooms are not as generous as some London Hotels, however they are very comfortable & have every amenity. The beds are very comfortable too! The room we had was very quiet - quite amazing in the middle of London.  We didn't eat dinner here but did have breakfast, which at £22/person (Sept 2016) is a good price in a London hotel for a full hot & cold buffet. Service was attentive without being over bearing.  The reception staff here are particularly good. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Came here for a wedding,"Wow , we came here for a wedding of 250 guests and the family must have spent a fortune , but it seems this is not enough for the hotel as the waiting staff who were serving canapés were just standing and the guests had to go to them ! When seated the white wine had been sitting in the table for some time as it was warm and when we asked for a ice bucket we were told it was not included !!! So we asked for just some ice but apparently that was too much as well as the manager refused as again it seems ice was not included . As the night went in we asked for water and were told they had run out and that they didn't have any jugs to serve even tap water.  There was no dessert spoons for the desserts . All in all it was a shambles from a supposedly top hotel .  I am just glad the…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury and peace in a landmark location,"Staying over a bank holiday weekend for a special occasion, the overall experience was excellent. We arrived to a very busy lobby area but all the staff were professional and dealing with people quickly and efficiently. The room was clean and bright and surprisingly large for central London.  The location is great for all of the major london sights and even on a lower floor, the street noise was not noticeable at all. If I was going to be critical then the noise from the bar/function room was audible on the Saturday night up until quite late but that was to be expected really.  We had a lovely, memorable stay and will be returning on the next special occasion.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Food and service good.,Went for a wedding. The Waldorf excelled themselves. The food served was very tasty and plenty of it. The canapés and bowl food served later in the evening was also tasty and substantial. The rooms booked were on the small side but I suppose you could have upgraded to a more expensive larger one if you had known they would be that small. They would have had more bookings if they could have arranged for an earlier check in. A 3p.m. check in for a 1.30pm wedding did not work although a few people did manage to get into their rooms earlier. A lovely Hotel though.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fire alarm,"went to hotel to celebrate my boyfriends 21 st birthday had lovely evening to be woken up to fire alarm going off. and people yelling, no clear instructions ,in the early hours of the morning  grabbed my handbag and was on the pavement with others in our pjs . no one checking what rooms we were from , fire service there.   No apologise    , no late check out no complimentary breakfast  NOTHING ,  Still don't know what really happened.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over priced rooms,Ensure you know what type of room you are paying for and the poistion of it. As you may end up in an over priced prison cell!!! The staff dons great job. The food and restaurant are fantastic. Location fantastic ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend,Stayed Friday and tonight Saturday. The cocktail we had were excellent and staff very nice. The restaurant was very good again with excellent staff. The steak was first class and cooked to perfect. The executive room was lovely if a tad noisy from loud music at a function on the ground floor. Let day 2 begin.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location and Perfect Stay,One of the benefits of Hilton Honors is to pay back the family for all those business trips. This time it was the Waldorf. The location is perfect!  Located within the theater district and easy walking distance to Kew.  The rooms are large by London standards.  The breakfasts are good we loved crashing at the bar after a busy day.  It's a great high-end hotel that's not too posh.  ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected more received less,Arrived and was met with lost reservation and management was not helpful in resolving. Took over 45 minutes to get checked in. Did find the door and baggage personnel extremely helpful and friendly. Would not return. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good location,this place was huge. The husband and kids liked the pool too- very elegant and the water was warm. The weekend brunch was amazing. Our room was fine- bathroom was spacious and very clean. My favorite part of the hotel was the executive lounge which was accessible all day long and nice for breakfast too (we are diamond members).,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not 5 stars,"very good location, close to covent garden and theatres area  the lobby was too small and spartan for a 5 stars hotel  i took a not so cheap upgrade to executive room that should have supposedly been equipped with a king size room, special bath amenities, daily free newspaper...but the fact is that the room (number 419)  was rather small and the  bed was a queen size one, the bath amenities were average and i never got any newspaper. actually, therefore i wonder if i was really accomodated in an excutive room or i got a standard room and was chaged as executive  since we were tired, just took that room and spent our 2 days there  the tv channels selection was good, with a number on non british channels, something not so usual in britain, althugh the list of channels provided did…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay for business - close to everything,"Very nice hotel. There was a delay in checking in but the staff were very friendly, provided me with some drink vouchers and had me in the room without to long a wait. The concierge desk was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is pretty good.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Visited this hotel for a one night theatre break, perfect location for theatre & afternoon 'mad hatters' tea @ the nearby Sanderson hotel. Some of the reviews said they were small, we were upgraded to a deluxe & the breakfast was plentiful & so much choice. Well done Hilton we will definitely return ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton london,I am a diamond member of Hilton and now a lifetime member . Waldorf hilton marvellous hotel farouch is one of the best guest relation people I have ever met this gentleman is made for the job . Great executive lounge best location in London next to shows and entertainment. This hotel is an experience to stay in if you don't stop here you've missed out on experience of a lifetime,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place as a base to visit London,"We stayed as a family over the bank holiday in an executive room. The room was large, if a little hot at first. Following visit from engineer the air con was fixed. We used the lounge for afternoon tea and drinks in the evening - afternoon tea was great, food selection in evening a little limited. The staff were always friendly and the lounge full. We took breakfast in the main restaurant - selection was good, atmosphere very nice, however, I can imagine it could get very busy (we went fairly early to avoid the rush)",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mrs. Scott,"Great place great location and great staff Breakfast was included fabulous brunch So convenient location for theaters ,Covent Garden and shopping. I love this place and I will continue to book  A room every year from now on👍",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Weekend Treat,"I was lucky enough to stay at The Waldorf with my Daughter in August 2016 and have to say it was a real treat.  We were attending the Challenge cup Rugby Final as we do every year, and as my daughter wanted to come I decided to stay at the Waldorf as we had previously used the hotel about 14 years previous on my daughters first visit to London.  We were offered an upgrade and were given a lovely room on the 5th floor where we also had use of the executive suite at certain hours.   Upon arrival we were taken to the executive suite for a complementary afternoon tea and scones. We called again later for canopies’ and drinks before heading out to the Theatre.  I had Breakfast in the executive suite on the Saturday morning but have to admit that I was disappointed that a full English…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant hotel in a fabulous location,"Gorgeous hotel in a really central theatreland location.  There was a problem with the family room we booked so we were upgraded to two adjoining rooms - no problems here, we were all very happy.  Staff all fantastic - especially helpful in retrieving my friend's phone (left in a taxi) - thank you so much!  Special thanks goes to the lovely, helpful Concierge.  Not sure if I would recommend the dinner inclusive package if (like us) you have young people in your party - the menu is quite limited and no alternatives offered which was a shame.  One small niggle - we didn't have time for our (already paid for) starter and when we asked for bread instead we were told we would be charged which was a little disappointing.  Breakfast was absolutely delicious - beds extremely…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but terrible service from staff.,"The aircon didn't work in our first room and after chasing 3 times it took 4 hours for us to be moved to an alternative room. We dined in the hotel restaurant and service was slow and mistakes were made with our food order. In the morning our breakfast arrived late and was missing items, it was also missing cutlery. It took 25 mins for this to be rectified, by this time the original food was obviously cold and the delay caused me to be late for work.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton london,"Fantastic hotel beautiful inside and the rooms are exceptional, staff are really helpful and very friendly. The breakfast was really good a large variety from full English to continental.  Even when at the busiest time the staff were helping To find seats  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant staff make up for other problems,"I stayed on a Sunday night with my four year old daughter, whom the concierge and desk staff had all made friends with before we'd even checked in. I couldn't figure out how to make the lights work in the room, and it took a while to figure it out. There was a weird, eggy smell in the coridoor outside our room but the room itself was fine, with good air conditioning. There was a ""TV volume"" dial in the bathroom that didn't work, and the desk lamp didn't work either.  That said, the room was well set up and the bathroom suited our needs.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful; when we had checked out and left I realised I'd left my phone in the room and a man ran to the room to get for us. The door man was helpful when we went out for walks and at breakfast everyone was…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay but disappointing breakfast service,"Hotel was a lovely quiet oasis in this bustling area of London. Our room was very comfortable, and well-appointed. It was a little warm but, given the age of the building and the unexpected heat, the cooling worked better than expected. Reception staff, door staff, porters etc were friendly, polite and helpful and I would have given them a 5 star rating for service. The big disappointment was breakfast. This is the first time we've had to wait in a long queue at a Hilton for breakfast. No polite apology for the wait either, which would have put a better slant on things. Each morning the staff were brusque to the point of rudeness. The food was decent but took ages to be replenished when it ran out. Tea and coffee service was slow and we were not offered options on tea varieties.…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good stay but hugely disappointing pool,"The room was nice although to be fair the glasses were dusty and when my husband poured wine in them without rinsing them I realised there was so much dust and fluff in my wine I had to pour it in the sink.  Also, the bathroom shower mixer handle was cracked and broke from the mixer when we turned it to turn on the water. The rest of the stay in the room was great but the biggest disappointment was the pool! We specifically picked this hotel to enjoy a relaxing break by an in-door pool, in a luxury hotel. The picture of the pool we saw online was amazing so we booked the hotel. However, when we got there we realised that the pool wasn't the hotel's but the gym's downstairs! Problems we found: in the room there was an amenities book which said ""complimentary fluffy towels are…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing wedding venue!!!,"Have just left after a one night stay to celebrate a wedding at the venue. What a wonderful day, perfect in every way. The food was delicious and waiting staff were friendly.  The twin room I stayed in was spacious, and clean. I appreciated the air con too!  Overall a lovely venue and if you are thinking of getting married here check it out!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointed, not what the Waldorf or Hilton names suggest. ","As a long term Hilton Hhonors member, I've come to expect a certain level of quality and service from Hilton hotels around the world. Add to that the expectations the name Waldorf gives you, and you'd be forgiven for thinking you'll be staying in a nice hotel.  It turns out that high prices are the only thing this place maintains.  Dirty, small rooms with damaged furnishings. Lighting that doesn't work and poor shower pressure in a tiny bathroom.   Rude bar staff, and slow, understaffed concierge services.  Strange smells and poor quality breakfast foods.  Very very disappointed. ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay but awful breakfast,"Stayed for one night in a quiet room on the 7th floor. Room was small but very nicely finished, possibly recently refurbished. Bathroom was well equipped with both a rain shower and hand held shower over bath. Towels were large and fluffy. Gowns and slippers were provided. Breakfast was like a school canteen. At 9am on Sunday morning there was a queue of about 20 people waiting. It took 10 mins to be seated at a table squashed next to a column. Food was poor, veggie and non veggie side by side in same serving tray. Staff were slow to replenish food and glassware. Pastries were small and croissants rock hard. On returning from the buffet, we found our table being cleared. The staff looked very embarrassed and did apologise. When we left, the queue for breakfast had grown to about…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in central London!,"We stayed there in our recent visit in London. An excellent hotel placed in a very good location, Covent Garden is only 5 minutes away. A lot of theatres and fabulous shops around! The room was really spacious and clean providing also bathrobes and slippers, as well as the bathroom! The staff was really polite and helpful! The breakfast was ok, but It can be improved. Overall, a very pleasant stay!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th birthday ruined with Butlins suite,Arrived to our lovely suite for my husband's 50th birthday to find we arrived at Butlins with your suite full of everything with Thomas the Tank Engine on. No other room Available!  Birthday ruined.  Thanks Hilton!!  Stayed with you in this type room before and smashing. What are you doing Hilton. This is worst marketing idea ever.  Fire them! ,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand old hotel let down by poor service and faults,"Trying not be be negative, we checked in for Two nights, last minute break. we usually stay at the doubletree westminster, the hotels location is amazing its grand, well kept in the public areas and on the higher end of the price range.  For us this is where the positives end.  Im currently sat in the exec lounge surrounded by unruly children, loud families and a scrabble every time a scone is bought out. I should have been feet up in the room but even after leaving at 9am and letting the reception know we would be back by 1pm .... we got back at 230 to find the room a mess and not made up.  Shower is also not useable ( no thermostat control) so we reported that to reception last night, no apologie.... and again this morning, on arriving back to the room, to find it a mess it…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Its okay..but,"If you are looking for an up market Premier Inn with a great location this is for you. The hotel has been stripped of its Edwardian character and has been replaced with the bland Hilton style. Every morning had to queue for breakfast (10-15 minutes). Always had to wait ages for a lift. No attention to detail, lost our luggage, no teabgs, soap dish and hand rail loose. No fan in the bathroom became like a sauna.On the bright side the staff were excellent. I would not stay here again there is better hotels in similar locations.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel with professional friendly staff,Second time staying here when visiting London. The staff are great and help to make this Hotel a fantastic place to stay. Monty booked us in and what a helpful and lovely man.  A great first impression and an asset to the Hilton. Have to say all the staff were excellent.  Bar staff were lovely offered to take our photograph. Helpful Concierge. Good breakfast and nice rooms. Great location for going to the Theatre.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An amazing overnight stay,"My husband and I experienced a wonderful night in the hotel.  The room was beautiful, the meal in the restaurant was extremely great value for money, the steak is to die for.  All of the staff were very helpful, attentive and friendly.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Start of our Vacation,"We arrived in London beginning of August after our overnight flight from Toronto Ontario. The front staff were friendly and helpful.  Even though it was 10:30 am they had a room ready for us (thank you) and we were able to deposit our luggage  and do some sightseeing.  Heated towel rack! I want one! Yes, it was August and it was warm but a thick luxurious warm towel was nice to cuddle into when you stepped out of the shower. Can not comment on our view (we could see the wall and part of the inner courtyard?) but we were sleeping there, not staying in the room looking out the window.  Bed was comfortable and a double.  There was complimentary water (still and sparkling) in the room and if you wanted there was in room tea / coffee. Breakfast was included and had a nice selection. …",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still top class,"Great hotel, lovely clean and fresh rooms.  At peak times, check in can be a challenge but is handled with professionalism.  Also, at peak times in the mornings, the queues for breakfast can be quite large, however, again this is dealt with professionally and no one seems to mind ,the actual food buffet doesnt suffer at all and is well stocked with quality items.  If you can get the right rate, this is a great place to stay with much on your doorstep.  I'd stay again for sure.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfection!,"The room was small but well laid out, cozy and had a lovely street view. The staff was efficient yet friendly. The food was delicious and well proportioned. The gym was well equipped and the hours were convenient. I also appreciated the complimentary bottled water in the room.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Place,"Had a twin room in August. Rooms were spotless, beds EXTREMELY comfortable, and shower was very nice. Would 100% stay again! One thing is on some floors there are stairs after the elevator causing a little trouble with heavy bags but other than that... very very nice. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel with very helpful staff,We have visited this hotel before and every time we are more likely to return with the excellent service from the staff also with the effectiveness and swiftness of how they go about making our stay more comfortable ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Tea Dance!,"This was a joyful experience as two of our favourite activities took place - dancing and eating cakes and scones! The venue in Palm Court was rather romantic and the live band was very good. The Waldorf Hilton holds a tea dance once a month. We are only beginners with regard to dancing but it was such fun.  Sandwiches were freshly made, so they were consumed with relish too, in between the cha chas and waltzes. Such a perfect combination!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Liked the room, very comfortable with great bed","Great location too but a bit of a mixed review.  Small things like a very long line for breakfast.  Like out the restaurant, down a hall and a flight of stairs long.  I mentioned it to the hostess thinking she only saw the restaurant portion and heard her mimicking me a few minutes later.  There was another section not in use and being a buffet.....  The next day everything was in use and almost no waiting.  The breakfast was good on selection and quality but the hot food was almost cold both mornings.  Room service was also mixed.  We got turn down service the first night but not afterwards so if we had a cup of tea before going out for the evening we couldn't have one in the morning.  The second day we got back to the hotel at 2:20 after 6 hours hot sightseeing looking forward…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay. ,After a week we found the hotel and staff to be excellent. Everyone was professional and helpful. Room service was prompt and good food. A pool is not common in a London hotel but here you will find a nice pool. So if you need a lovely hotel- this is it. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Crumpets for breakfast !,"Visited this weekend with two of our teenage daughters, a real treat.  On arrival one of our rooms was upgraded.  Tried the pool and gym which was everything we could have hoped for.  The concierge service was attentive and helpful. The restaurant, though busy served a varied and quality breakfast.  The location was premium and the bed comfortable.  A grand weekend away. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely drink and chill,"Although we didnt sleep in the hotel we did visit the hotel for a few drinks.   The hotel is very well placed in a very popular area of london and the service was excellent.   The only thing you could possibly fault was the price of the drinks but you get what you pay for in terms of service, outlook etc",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, perfect location","My family of four stayed at this historic hotel in a Junior Suite for 5 nights early August.  When planning my trip an email that was sent to many London hotels received the most helpful response from Julie who was a reservations intern at the time.  Her email made a frustrating time for me effortless.  The offer from the Waldorf spoke my language - king bed, sofa sleeper, lounge access, easy walk to covent gardens, hhonors  discount, kids eat free, assistance from the concierge.  I was sold!    The hotel booked our airport transfer in a private car. Hassle free and convenient after a long flight.  We arrived around 10am, we were promptly checked in and although our room wasn't ready we were able to wait in the lounge.  By noon the room was ready and we were escorted up.  A…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Very Good Service","We wanted to use Hilton Honors points for this quick visit in London, and wanted to be near Covent Gardens, so it worked out perfectly. Rooms were splendid. Bathroom very nice, great tub.Staff went out of their way to be helpful. Access to Exec Lounge was very convenient for breakfast and afternoon tea. I would go back there even if I was paying full price!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","The hotel is really nice, and has a great location! The room we got was a bit worn out and the view was so-so. But we didnt really mind, since we were not spending a lot of time there. The location was the main thing. The service was fine, as well as the restaurant, but not a stay that I will remember for a lifetime...",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","Location is pretty much all that is going for this grand old lady. The reception and concierge staff is excellent, but having breakfast is a challenge. Fair enough they are currently revamping the space but they have only one waitron seating tables so be prepared to wait no less than 30 to 40 minutes during peak time to be seated. The quality of the food is really poor, every morning they would run out of something. But that's not all, take a napkin with you whilst dishing up as at least 3 out of five plates will need to be wiped before you can use it....clearly quality control in the kitchen is not a number one priority. The rooms are fairly small but for a business trip it serves it's purpose.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel with great location ,"Had a lovely weekend here with my husband celebrating our anniversary. The check in was swift, concierge were fabulous, and our room was lovely, clean and very spacious. It's a great location, just a short 3 minute walk to Covent Garden and plenty to see and do on the door step. Very friendly staff where nothing was too much trouble, and loved the turn down service :) ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in excellent location with good food and helpful staff. Complete luxury,Stayed here in August with my 9 year old daughter.  We had a very relaxing time in this beautiful hotel.  Much better than a boutique hotel it had quality. The beds were super comfy and the feather pillows were lush. The food we ordered to room service was excellent and a very large portion.  The buffet breakfast was excellent and had loads to choose from. Would recommend this hotel and it's very handy to Covent garden and theatres with great restaurant s nearby. The street noise was so limited we didn't hear any. The staff were very helpful and had loads of local knowledge ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"My husband booked the Queen Room 511 for my birthday . Checked in and told room was not ready and preparing treats for my birthday, very nice I thought. Came back later and waits for luggage to be sent up. Room was very nice, large, ,modern and clean. Hall as you enter with bathroom opposite , wardrobe in hallway with fridge, iron, dressing gown etc. Leading to desk,area into bedroom, very big and very pleased. No birthday treat waiting in the room though, never mind. Bed was very firm, bit to firm for my liking. Breakfast was delicious, again everything you could wish for. We around around 8.45 and we we came out they were queuing which is what previous customers had stated. Would stay again, everyone so attentive, friendly and happy.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Historic Hotel, great location 5 Star Staff","This beautiful historic hotel is perfectly located adjacent to Covent Garden and theatre district.  While our stay was not without incident the staff helped to make a rather rare occorance much less stressful........and even somewhat enjoyable.  Our room lock failed and we were escorted to the Executive Lounge to await maintainance which was expected to be a quick fix. Unfortunatly after more then 2 hours the lock could not be opened and had to be forced open and in the process destroyed.  We enjoyed our time in the lounge and it was during the food and drink period which made the time go by.   Dan from concierge and his team were fantastic. Since the lock would take some time tomreplace we got moved to a much larger room (which was great since there were 3 of us), invited to a…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great customer service ,Daniel at check in and Anton in concierge where great. Anton recommended a place for my wife and I to eat for dinner (The Marquess of Anglesey) and his recommendation was on point best fish and chips I've had in the UK! I would definitely stay here again as everything is very close as well. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Best of the Best,"We had an excellent 10 night stay in the Waldorf.  Where to start? The staff, from senior management on down was gracious and extremely helpful. After a few days I looked to forward to my ""hello's"" and I felt as if I was coming home in the evening.  The room was amazing, as was the food throughout the day. Location was perfect and we walked to just about everything during our stay. Great advice on restaurants and shows as well.    I've stayed here many times on business, however this was by far my best overall experience. (Diamond Club member).  Cant wait to come back.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"This is a lovely hotel with super staff. We were made to feel welcome and very special.   The location is excellent with lots of theatres just footsteps away. Lots of lovely places in easy walking distance.  Our room was super clean and tidy. Rooms are were quiet, beds are comfy and pillows especially so.  Breakfast is great, lots and lots to choose from all laid out beautifully. The staff are so helpful and eager to please.  Check out quick and easy and were happy to get keep our case until later that evening.  Loved this hotel would and would highly recommend it to others.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2 sides to this coin...,"I travel to London often and try to stay at various locations for new experiences of hotel properties. I chose this hotel for location sake, for a 6-day stay - one thing is for sure that if you want to enjoy west end shows, you really should stay here. That's the upside...  However, this is a 'Waldorf' brand property, and I had certain expectations of this hotel in terms of rooms, service, ambience, etc., which were disappointing.   Firstly, this is definitely not luxury property - at best, an old property kept reasonably upto date. The property was recently renovated so everything appears fresh and new. But the room decors are very bland or unimpressive. As a HH Diamond member, I was quite shocked to be put into one of their low tier rooms (shoebox sized Queen, lousy window…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great concierge and doorman but so so room, cleaning and restaurant","Stayed for 3 nights in August.  Pluses -  great location in theatre district, nice 15 to 20 min walk to Regent Street/Bond Street/Oxford Street shopping and near many bus routes at Charing Cross station, very helpful concierge and friendly and quick to help doormen.  Minuses - small room had a choice between a smaller room which is less renovated but has a window that looks outside or a larger room which is more renovated but with a window that faces the interior and so is frosted glass instead of clear glass, cleaning of room was not thorough and usually slow (leaving room for 3 hours from late morning was never enough to get room serviced and cleaned), service at breakfast restaurant inconsistent and can be very slow at offering coffee or coffee refills if a busy weekend…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel for a city break,"Stayed at this hotel for one night for my partners birthday, it is without a doubt a beautiful hotel, not modern but the setting is wonderful. Plenty variety on the bar and dinner menu (dinner is amazing). The rooms are spacious, comfortable and quiet. Reception staff are very friendly, bar staff were a little less inviting which made us go out for lunch rather than dine in during the day, brilliantly located right next to Covent Garden station and you can walk to any part of London you wish. I hope I have the name correct of the door man Jason, he is an asset to the hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but small rooms,Our room was on the top floor and was quite small - typical of old London hotels.   We experienced noise from the air conditioning units that must have been on the roof just above our room.  I would recommend the hotel but make sure you are not on the top floor.  The Executive Lounge was excellent.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, good sized exec/family room. Silly pool hours.","Arrived at 16:00. Bags and car taken care of. Painless and friendly check-in. Looking forward to a dip with my son. Pool opening only until 17:00 - why on earth!?  Luckily we grabbed 45mins before us and another dozen people were prematurely kicked out. Would be interested in hearing management response because all the staff we spoke to agreed it was daft. Didn't eat at Hotel, but slept well and check-out, bags and car etc all handled equally smoothly.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Big 30th Anniversary break,"We felt pampered, respected and very well-taken-care of from the moment we entered this beautiful hotel.  Everywhere was clean, smart and all the staff were helpful, friendly, smart and very willing to look after us...saving up for our next trip....",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel ,"My husband and I loved this hotel. We stayed one night as part of our honeymoon. We got a free room upgrade and piece of cake sent to our room. The room was very nice. Modern, huge bathroom. Great location near the Thames, Covent Garden, etc. Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a pleasure to stay at The Waldorf,"This was my third time to visit The Waldorf Hilton in London. I really like this hotel, the area, the facilities. It's so nice to come back - you are familiar with the hotel, the standard and the service. It's very easy to take the underground if you are not into a taxi from the airport. It's just 5 min. walk from Temple station. I'll definitely come back!   But there is alway a 'but', and here it comes. When I check in I know that they always give away 'the room which is nice to get sold' and keep the better room for later if you complain. And I did complain after the first night without sleep. When your room is right above the ballroom where a huge party is being held until late late and they had another huge party next night as well... My advice to the reception is; don't…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wasn’t a perfect stay, but would book it again anyway for the prime location.","I am marking it highly mostly for the location.  The staff was either super helpful or off the mark entirely.   The bed was a problem, it was sloped and very hard.  I understand a hard vs soft bed is subjective, but a sloped bed is a broken bed and should be retired.  After a bad night sleep, I asked if they could turn it over, they put another soft blanket on it instead.  I mentioned it again the next morning and said it was too hard.  The woman at reception said “oh you didn’t ask for American style in the booking”  Wha?  Didn’t really matter, I was asking politely if she could improve the experience.   I did ask if they could replace the bed since it seemed to be broken, but they didn’t correct it.  Third night it improved a bit, it had another soft blanket, still sloped and…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for the Theatre,We booked this hotel as the hotel we would normally stay at was fully booked.  The entrance is spectacular and the staff are very welcoming.  The location is perfect for the theatre district and Covent Garden.  The rooms were modern and well equipped.  There was a variety of choice at breakfast and everything was freshly cooked.  We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel and would stay again.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,birthday gin tasting tea,"was given a gin tasting afternoon tea for my birthday and it was fabulous.  we arrived early and were seated in the lounge bar and along came our fabulous host whos names I didn't get, sorry.  you choose 4 gins and are given a tray of all sorts of things to add to them.  was a really lovely was to spend 3 hours in a properly old style hotel.  think downton, got a glimpse of the restaurant as we walked through and it was beautiful.  will prob stay her in the future as I guess the rooms are great too, location good, just off the strand and right in the hustle of it all and good for theatres and sight seeing.  but if you like gin, give the tasting a go.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and ambiance,"The exec lounge is actually worth paying a bit extra for with good snacks and free booze. Nice relaxing bar atmosphere, reasonable pool and brilliant access to theatres and shopping at Covent Garden, 3 minutes away",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,For Theatre Land The Best Situarted Hotel By far,"We stayed for one night in this superb hotel. If you are catching shows in teh West End then this hotel is definately for you - it's location is superb with half a dozen big shows within a couple of minutes walk.  The rooms are nicely furnished and staff very polite, friendly and efficent. We had breakfast in the Palm Court and the food was excellent - all round a wonderful hotel to which we will definately return",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant and great location!,"My daughter and I stayed here for three days and it was great! When we first checked in we were upgraded, but when we got yo the room we discovered it had only one bed. We went downstairs and requested a changed. Rita at the front desk handled everything well, and even had us confirm that the room would work well for us. I usually don't stay at hotels with doormen, but I enjoyed it. Breakfast was fabulous and snacks in Executive Lounge were perfect. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"After being seated we were asked what tea we would like, it arrived 15 minutes later, we then waited and waited not wanting to make a fuss, after waiting an hour, we caught the waitress eye and she admitted she had forgotten us! We had to ask for more tea and our waitress did not seem very friendly. It was a special treat for my sisters 65 birthday,",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money for me,"I booked here as I fancied playing the tourist and stayed 4 nights. Chose this as near to theatres and ROH. Paid £377 per night B & B for an Executive King Room. At this price I was expecting a Wow factor and this hotel had none of that. The rooms are bland and boring and so is the Famous Palm Court. Totally lacking in any style and if I was to stay in central London again I would pick something more boutique and stylish.  Good points. Doormen and concierges were great. Reception good . Other staff generally good. Room was clean and looked new. Location great. Afternoon tea - quality of food good.  Bad points. Appalling buffet breakfast. The hot food was awful. Not hot, not tasty. Dry bacon, fried eggs cold and congealed, the worst scrambled eggs ever and soggy hash browns. Do…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good and bad,"Stayed for one night, hotel is in a great location and looks great. We had a standard room which was adequate and as it was my girlfriend's birthday a bottle of prosecco and birthday cake were left in the room. Nice touches and very welcome.  The staff on reception and concierge desk were great.  Now to breakfast. A note was put under the door asking people to avoid breakfast at 9am as it is a peak time and the usual restaurant is closed for a refit and breakfast is now in the palm court area. We arrived to find a long queue which I didn't think looked great but we waited anyway. We waited for around 15 mins and were eventually seated. We had to wait around 15 mins to be offered tea/coffee and another 10 to get it. The reason being is there just weren't enough staff. I counted 3…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mediocre hotel,"This started to look lovely as you entered and then went downhill as you stood about being served. There were too many people coming in off the street wearing shorts and trainers and young travellers for a hotel that you thought would be quite prestige. I would not give it more than a 3*. Considering the price per night there are others that if you paid just a little bit extra you would get that more personal touch. More for business and short stay from abroad going on to your next stop. Mary at breakfast was lovely but it was more like a Holiday Inn breakfast than a higher graded hotel. Considering I went there for a treat for my Birthday I definitely would not go back for another birthday, I would pay extra and go elsewhere. Good for business/meetings.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very slow service,"Went for afternoon tea with my mum. We stood waiting for 15 minutes to be seated. When we were finally shown to our table, which was closely packed to another 2 tables, we were left for 35 minutes before receiving a drink. It then took 1 hr 10 from arriving to be served afternoon tea after we complained. Food was nice when it arrived, but most of the staff were busy clearing tables and averting all eye contact. We went as part of a deal, but would not have been happy to pay full price. ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakfast poor for a 4 star hotel,"Breakfast was a let down. Poor manager and staff. Inefficient and had to wait for table, though many tables free. Poor service during breakfast. Otherwise great hotel, ideally located for theatres. Would stay again",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,As already stated this Hotel really is perfect in every way.No faults whatsoever.We were here to see the sights of London and starting out from the Hilton made the start of our day  a great experience.Such pleasant staff even we needed to leave our luggage to be collected later the staff went out of their way to help.A very big Thank You to everyone.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room too hot and house keeping don't answer phone calls,Room too hot. The temperature controls are disabled. house keeping don't answer phone calls. For the price paid the service isn't justified.    People knocking doors Despite having don't disturb sign at door. Would probably try elsewhere in my next visit to the city. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,We stayed in room 518 which was an Executive suite which allowed us to use the executive lounge. The room was clean and fresh . The room was spacious and well decorated. The staff in reception were warm and inviting . On arrival the doorman was pleasant and helpful and reminded us of Alexi Sayle. However some of the staff in the executive lounge weren't as polite and made you feel uncomfortable . The lady on the desk was abrupt and looked as if she needed a personality transplant . Food was lovely and well presented. The swimming pool was lovely but I slipped on tiles around the pool quite a few times. I thought it was dangerous and really urge the management to put non slip mats down . I have to say it was a pleasant stay and would love to stay again . Thank you ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Staff & Great Location",The location of this hotel is so central everything you could possibly visit is within walking distance.  The staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  I will definitely stay here again.  The afternoon tea is fab too and the palm court is an amazing room.  I can't wait to go back :),Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor service,"The hotel charges top rates for very average service.  I was disappointed with the check in, staff were not attentive and although I had requested an earlier check in, this was not available.  The room was not cleaned on the second day. When we arrived back at the hotel at 3pm to freshen up to go out for the evening, there were no clean towels, no tea, no milk.  I called housekeeping and was advised someone would call be back, no call came through. I asked reception staff to ensure the room was sorted before we returned, which it was.  For the rates been charged, the hotel needs to ensure the level of service and communication is improved significantly.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay.,"A great stay!  Staff members on reception were so friendly, helpful and proceeded with both a fast check-in and check-out!  Room was lovely as was the food in the restaurant for afternoon tea, dinner and breakfast! ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Reliable and cknfirtable,"I have stayed at the Waldorf on a number of occasions and this visit didn't disappoint. It is extremely conveniently located just a short walk from Covent Garden and theatres.  The rooms are comfortable, the staff are efficient and friendly.  The waitress in the bar in the evening deserves particular mention as she was very personable and knowledgeable.  Would always recommend this hotel and will definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cannot fault ,Visited for 1 night with GB tours with my mum.  I cannot fault the hotel in any way . I emailed in advance of our arrival to explain this was a special trip for mum and I following a year if I'll health. On arrival we were allocated a beautiful large room on the 8 th floor which was spotlessly clean with a few of the shard . Staff were so friendly from check in to the young Romanian guy who asked us about our evening and explained some of the history of the hotel to us a real credit to the Hilton brand . Breakfast was excellent we were seated in the palm room which was beautiful. We will definitely recommend this hotel location and service is first class and we will return  ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A charming classic hotel that meets today's high business travelers standards,"We selected the Waldorf as our normal hotel was booked. What a treat. This 4 Star hotel is a classic, with all rooms modernized. The staff is extraordinary. The food is very good, but as there are excellent restaurants in every direction that was never a concern. We will go back in October. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent !,"Excellent hotel.  The rooms are perfect, clean and modern. The staff is diligent and very professional.  I really did enjoy my stay in London and I will recommend for sure this hotel.  I give a special mention to the breakfast for its diversity and the high quality of the food.  Regarding the reception desk, I rarely had the opportunity to meet such professional, polite and pleasant staff.  Unfortunately my room was not ready when I arrived but the management of this minor issue was so professional that it left me an even better feeling about the hotel. They offered me a drink at the bar and I waited less than five minutes before they made the room ready. Wonderful job ! Excellent customer service.  I just have the regret that the access to the swimming pool is not so easy. You…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Very comfortable catering for all your possible requirements. Excellent restaurant and service.  Location very convenient for the west end ,shopping and theatre land. Staff do all they can to make your stay enjoyable.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly perfect ,"London hotels often leave a lot to be desired. However I can highly recommend the Waldorf London Hilton.   I booked this for a last minute business trip to London. I had meetings in the area, and usually lean towards Hilton properties. Most in London are dated and a bit cold. I was pleasantly surprised:  - location, fantastic and convenient to almost anything you might need   - room: clean, well apportioned and super comfortable. It even had good air conditioning!   - restaurant: I had dinner with a colleague in the house restaurant. The food was delicious and a great value for money.   - service: flawless  My only slight disappointment was the small food selection at the executive lounge during happy hour.   Overall, I was satisfied with my stay and the value. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thank you Thank you,"This is the second year I have stayed at the Waldorf hotel and it will not be the last. From the moment you walk into the hotel you are made to feel so welcome. The staff are so helpful, courteous and friendly. All the staff are tremendous but a particular thank you to Dan Firth head concierge who ensured our stay was second to none. The hotel is in the heart of theatre land and there are eateries galore to choose from. Breakfast is excellent. Thank you for making my stay first class and such a memorable one",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend,Love the Waldorf. Great hotel with lovely staff. Room great. Stayed there many times. Afternoon tea was lovely as always. Great location to walk to Covent Garden and nearby theatres. The Palm Court is especially beautiful and sometimes holds tea dances there with live music with cream tea. Highly recommend!,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing small room but fab staff and location,We have stayed here a couple of times before and yes it is expensive but the location and staff are fabulous. This time the room was very small (234)...pre-booked too.  Breakfast was great and car valet guy was a very helpful guy also!,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay ,One night stay which was delightful.  Smooth check in and to a beautiful room with an internal view but I'm sure that was a benefit for sleep.   Amazing bathroom with beautiful mirror lights.  Had breakfast in room which was lovely - coffee not so good bit too strong.   All in all a lovely experience and fun to be in the West End for the evening.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel.,Could have done with air con... but I understand they can't as it's an old hotel... fan provided. Very comfortable stay. Outstanding customer service from the check in team and good quality breakfast. Excellent value for money overall and would highly recommend to everyone,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pool Facilities Risk,"Great location for the hotel, staff friendly and helpful. The DW pool has a marble finish effect pool side and when there is water splashed over it, it is comparable to ice rink. My wife slipped and badly hurt her shoulder, with two other people slipping roughly at the same time. Slip mats need to be laid around the pool side as a minimum.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay Again,"We have been staying here for a good number of years and always had the best experience. As people have previously stated the location is unbelievable (theatres, restauarants, Art Galleries surround the place) .... and even if you need to move around the city the Aldwych is a hub for buses in every direction and 3 tube stations within a 10 minute walk.  The staff are the best you can get and the Executive Lounge is so lovely, small (was a snooker room originally) but oozes character and atmosphere ... which you really do not frequently get in other more modern hotels.  I wanted in this review to focus on the Homage restaurant which seems to get bad comments in Tripadvisor. Again we have eaten many times ..... the room itself, despite people saying it looks tired ... is really…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Was excited about this visit, but was disappointed","Ok, I know that I didn't upgrade to an executive room, but we were excited at the prospect at staying in such a poignant, historic building.  The welcome/checkin was lovely, but we were disappointed with the room.  It was described as a 'Queen Hilton Room', in reality it was a small (end of corridor, so quiet) room with a standard double bed and with no view - except for a brick wall and extractor fans. So, the room, we could live with, as we were not intending to stay in it for long (two nights stay).  We had a comfortable nights sleep (although we are used to a king size bed), but breakfast was awaiting us and OMG that was an experience!  We waited to be seated and were directed into an adjoining room, off of the main breakfast area.  It was obviously the original ball room,…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,don't believe the bad reviews - this hotel is wonderful,"I was hesitant to give this hotel a go, but it is a delight. The front desk tries so hard to get it right and does! We got a room in the back and I was a bit disheartened until I realized how really good that was! Perfect sleep, AC, two windows, sunshine and huge bath. The bar is cool, the lobby a great place to just relax. So well worth the HH points and great location to hoof it anywhere. Just stay there. I even stopped one of the management team to tell them that they deserved so much more than the bad rap they were getting on this site. They explained that they were working very, very hard on improvements. It shows!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here as a Gold HHonours member on 31st July for our wedding anniversary. Sadly a long wait to check in and room was not ready at 2:30pm. Appreciate rooms were not ready until 3 but having checked in on the app would have hoped for a room to be ready. No upgrade received as a gold member which was disappointing. I did ask for lounge access which was given so thank you.  Room was a nice size for London but bed was small for a couple. Stayed at Hilton Syon Park for our anniversary last year and had a nice anniversary cake and card welcome but no such gesture at the Waldorf.   Great location for exploring Covent Garden, theatres and south bank on foot.   Two things that really let the hotel down for be were breakfast and the health club.  Breakfast-had to wait for 15 minutes…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"We booked two nights at this hotel for a birthday celebration as it is very convenient to Covent Garden and the Royal Opera House.  It's a lovely old character hotel and we had a very pleasant stay.  The rooms are on the small side, but that is probably more to do with the history of the building. Breakfast was good, but not outstanding.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location,best wishes to Mihai","The Waldorf Landon is  excellent located with theatres just next door.The room was wonderful and the staff was very helpful, especially Mihai who welcomed us in a very nice manner,walked us up to our room then guided us throughout the city and made dinner recommendations that were very good .Best wishes to Mihai and congratulations to the front desk team!!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Long wait to check in, Gold Card membership made very little difference, good rooms but overly expensive. Good position for all city sightseeing. Concierge/porters excellent service. Hotel is lacking is certain areas.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Perfect London Hotel for Business or Vacation,"This elegant hotel exceeded our expectations. Not only is it beautiful but it is in a great location. We spent five nights while we were seeing London. The rooms are elegant, the amenities are amazing and the staff was fantastic.   We had a premium queen room. From the towel warmer, fluffy robes to the roomy closet and comfy bed, we were spoiled. We also had access to the executive lounge. It was a great place to have afternoon team and a drink in the evening.  The hotel is located right in the middle of the west end theatre district and is easy walking distance to the Chelsey Market, Trafalgar Square, British Museum and two underground stations. There are so many restaurants within a few blocks, you will have no problem finding a good place to eat. While it is pretty close to…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An excellent hotel,"Excellent location, polite staff and great food. Value for money in central London! Easy access to Covent Garden and the South Bank and as a business meeting location, it is perfect for meetings with adequate privacy.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,a dissapointment,"we visited the restaurant recently. We found it very chilly. We had a long wait for starters, which were very nice. After another wait for the main course, it was served almost cold. It seemed difficult to get the waitress(not British) to understand the problem, but eventually she caught on and the meals were changed. We would have been happy with a well meant apology, but the staff were over enthusiastic with their apology and attention. After the meal, I ordered coffee with cream, and was served coffee with extremely thin hot milk. No mint or biscuit either!. Overall, we would not choose to dine there again.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a hotel!,As the hotel has been around a while and the rate was quite low we expected it to be a bit tired.  Nothing like it. All the public areas were fresh and opulent and the room was brilliant.  We had a standard room which was compact but perfectly big enough. It had all the amenities and features you could want. The staff are so welcoming. This will be our first choice for future trips to town.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unexpected niggles ,"Shutters broken  (night manager tied with string??) Not really what you'd expect. Sky light blind didn't work; maintenance called who was adamant no blind to use 2 phone calls later and blind fixed. Front of house staff lovely, food amazing but little niggles let down the ambience of the stay. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"This hotel has never disappointed, it upholds the highest standards of the Waldorf/Hilton brand. The staff really are 100% committed to exceeding customer expectations. We had access to the Executive lounge , which is the best I have visited in London. The guest relations manager , Christina went out of her way to ensure we were happy with our stay . The room was spacious and decorated to a high standard . We only had breakfast at the hotel , but this was very good ! This hotel I have no hesitation in recommending , and will certainly be back myself in the near future ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Loved everything about the hotel.  The employees were great, the food was fantastic, the location was very convenient.  This is on the west end near many theaters.  Taxis are easily available, tube is nearby and the bus is a block away.  The room was very nice with everything we needed and more.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Visited the Waldorf Hilton for afternoon tea, on arrival we were warmly welcomed and shown to a lovely table, our waiter introduced himself and took our individual  tea orders, our tea and sandwiches arrived very quickly, the pastries and cakes were excellent (especially the scones), the sandwiches were mediocre , (get nicer in M&S), after our tea arrived we didn't see our waiter again, we weren't offered anything else and when we had finished our tea we just got up and left, there was no recognition, no thank you or goodbye, which is slightly disappointing for such a famous hotel. If you are in the Aldwych and you fancy afternoon tea then the Waldorf Hilton is fine, if it's for a special occasion, there are better options available in other hotels in London",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton not worth the money,"This hotel is living on past glory and using the name ""Waldorf"" is deceitful. Service staff are courteous but not efficient. You do not get value for money even for the fact that there was a ""sale"" price during the period of my booking and stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Visited as part of a company outing for two nights with a group of around 15. It's a Hotel well worth a visit. Really nice old building in Covent Garden area surrounded by everything you could want. Lots of really nice bars restaurants and theatres. Has a really chilled out vibe at night. The Staff at the Hotel were all outstanding, the room itself wasn't exactly wow factor, but it was only a standard room and the place was very busy preparing for a big wedding.  Even though it wasn't wow I feel I'm being a little bit pedantic,  the room was still very nice and clean and probably the comfiest bed I've ever slept on. Breakfast is a must. Stunning sausages and 3 yes 3 types of bacon. I would highly recommend a stay here. Cheers guys. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good value if you can secure a deal online ,I have stayed here a couple of times paid £200 the first time for a very small room and the breakfast was pricey and not worth the money as it was buffet style. Second time I also booked on line and got a huge room for half the price I paid first time round and we skipped breakfast and found a sweet little cafe round the corner for a lovely breakfast at a faction of the cost. Moral of the story. Shop around before you book.  ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"This was our first time in London and my husband and I were very impressed not only with the great location of this hotel, but the helpful and friendly staff. The concierge helped us book tours, get tickets, and restaurant reservations. They were even kind enough to give us directions and travel options for how to get where ever we needed to go.   The Waldorf is located right in the heart of all of the theaters of the West End shows and within walking distance to Covent Gardens (cute shops, places to eat, etc.).   The hotel is old and has some updates in the rooms, but is not as modern as other Waldorfs. If you are a Diamond Hilton member they have a nice executive lounge with breakfast, afternoon tea, and happy hour in the evening. There was not a large variety of food served…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Five Star Experience!,Let me start this review by saying i hope this particular feedback can be relayed back to the general manager as the staff who will be mentioned deserve huge credit for the way they treated us during every part of our stay.  We arrived at the Waldorf on 20/07/16 with an Executive suite allocated to us that we had prebooked a few weeks earlier. This booking was taken by Megan a reservations supervisor who couldnt have been more helpful with every one of our queries. She was polite and genuinely interested in helping us have as memorable stay as possible and because of this we decided there and then to reserve the suite she had offered to us.        Megan took the booking and assured us she would email us personally to confirm our specific requirements which included requests such…,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't let name fool you,Hotel is located in heart of Londons theatre district and there's no shortage of things to see right out the front door.  The rooms are small so if your thinking of jamming 4 into a double it won't work here. The beds are comfortable but no extra floor space there's also no free wifi if you can believe it in this day and age! ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service! Great location!,"We've stayed at this hotel before, but it had been a few years since doing so.  The service continues to be excellent.  One particular person stands out (though I'm sad to say I didn't get his name.) After joking around with him about something he had that we wanted, he asked for our room number and delivered one for us.  It moved our rating from a 4 to a 5. Concierge service was excellent as well.  The one negative was our rooms.  The first night we were right over the ballroom where a band played for a wedding until midnight.  Then we moved to another room that turned out to have a view of a brick wall, which was okay, but it also came with the constant hum of the hotel air conditioning system outside.  The double pane glass helped mute the noise somewhat, but it was always…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bed bugs,"I got bed bugs while there and brought them home with me. I couldn't me more dissatisfied. In addition, they hotel is still ""investigating"" and I've been eaten alive and have had to call and am paying for an exterminator. Very unhappy. DO NOT STAY HERE.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor poor,"As a diamond loyalty member this is by far the worst service ever .. Just checked into  a room what is not much bigger than a rabbit hutch, to be told there is no available upgrades.................Really I find that hard to believe .....I booked this room 6 months ago........ I travel throughout Asia, and where ever I stay,my loyalty to the Hilton brand has never failed to disappoint me or my family..  I have found generally in the UK Hilton loyalty programs is poor to say the least... I think maybe looking at another brand is the way forward.........Flogging a dead horse comes to mind... To sum up .........Waldorf London...keep up with your competitors........Its not all about the money..  s",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,The Waldorf is a superior class of hotel enjoying a premium position in London. The hotel is 5 star and the service reflects this. One to stay in if you are able. We found the staff and amenities to be of a 5 star standard,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Place To Stay,"Brilliant hotel in great location stayed many times before for Covent Garden, TrafalgarSquare,Theatres, and walks along the Thames, main reception area very grand, bedrooms and bathrooms are very good with plenty of space very well layed out, Restaurant for breakfast is brilliant loads of choice evening dinner and afternoon tea are also very good, you must give this Hotel a try when your next in London I know we will be going back, ENJOY",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It’s not the type of hotel for me . . . we thought,"This was my perception. Why spend a few hundred pounds a night for a nice bed and breakfast? But a good friend convinced us to try the Waldorf Hilton 5 years ago. And we’ve never looked back.  Yes the location is wonderful, the hotel is palatial, the beds are pristine crisp white linen and so comfortable, the showers and bathrooms amazing, and of cause the food is second to none.   But what make us keep revisiting two and three times a year? The Waldforf staff, they are genuinely very special. Yes they are impeccably polite as you’d expect, but what encapsulates their quality is best described in what we witnessed during our first visit.  A chauffer driven limousine pulls up outside and a fur clad lady steps out and receives a lovely warm welcome by the doorman – as what you’d…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea treat,Christmas present from my husband for my friend and I.Lovely afternoon tea  enjoyed every minute and mouthful.Art deco hotel would highly recommend   It's my husbands birthday my birthday and wedding anniversary in August and as a treat we are now coming to stay for 2 nights to celebrate.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfection!,The Waldorf staff are incredible and were very attentive to all our needs.  We were greeted by name and never had to lift a finger for anything.  Truly exceptional service. We will definitely chose this hotel again.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quick pre-theatre drink,"After a long walk from the Shard we called in for a quick drink pre-theater, Unfortunately and surprisingly some of the slowest service we had in London, only ordered 2 G&T's, ordered the bill when drinks arrived to save time, not even busy, perhaps new staff. Beautiful setting and fantastic location.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice and clean,"Very clean and very professional staff, huge hotel and can get lost! In the very center of London you can easily access to everything from Buses to Underground. Or by walking you can find yourself in a very nice aerea of London.  Rooms are big and very comfortable beds but most important very quite even if is facing the main road.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, excellent location","I spent 3 very comfortable nights at the Waldorf Hilton.  The room was good, seemed very clean and fresh, the staff were very friendly and the hotel was very good throughout.  Good Godfreys is a lovely traditional bar to meet friends or just enjoy coffee or a glass of wine with live piano music. One of the very best things about the hotel is the perfect location, right in the middle of theatres and Covent Garden.  For the standard of hotel and location, the prices were reasonable.  I would definitely return to this hotel on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Hilton Wardorf, London","Celebrating my 60th Birthday we stayed overnight in this wonderful hotel, celebrating their 100 years with a refit! Only 40 years older than me!!! It certainly pleased us. A small entrance with the reception on the next level again small, we were given a different room from what my husband booked apparently due to the time of year!!, even though my husband had booked earlier in January! We were given a disabled room with a large bathroom which had a large shower, my husband asked for a bath as I like to bath! Still a reasonable room, road facing, very clean and full of character . The bar area is wood panelled and Art Deco design, the barmen certainly know their cocktails! Always busy. The breakfast room was more lavish than other parts of the hotel possibly the old ballroom, a…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect gift at the Walorf,Went to this hotel with my two daughters it was a surprise gift for my 60th birthday. found the all the staff very friendly and helpful .Good breakfast and the best afternoon tea ..was a perfect gift.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip ,"The Waldorf is a lovely place to stay the staff are very friendly and helpful the room was abit basic but had everything you need, shower didn't get very hot but didn't matter to us as it was the hottest weekend ever, it's well situated for the theatres and great for Covent Garden, we stayed here as It was my mums 60th birthday so me and my sister took her for a special weekend we had a fantastic time and would stay there again ❤️🇬🇧 tip 1: we had to pay £100 deposit which we got back when we checked out but wasn't told about this before hand. Tip 2: don't pick anything up out of the mini fridge as its on pressure pads and bills your room straight away  Other than that fantastic place to stay ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Noisy,"Before you book, contact the hotel and ask if there is a wedding on. If there is, don't accept a room on the 1st or 2nd floor as it is very noisy. I know the noise issue spoiled our experience, but I am sure there are hotels that give better value for money.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"This is a very nice hotel situated right in the heart of the West End. The location is right next to Theatres, restaurants and very near Covent Gardens. The rooms are nice and well appointed but not all have good views. So be sure when choosing your room category. Staff service levels are excellent and taxis are plenty. Not so great location if you are going shopping at Oxford Street, Kensington etc as traffic is quite bad!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thank you Waldorf,"Great hotel, clean and beautiful room with wonderful bathroom and amasing front vue. Verry good location near Covent garden and river. Awesome staff (Anton was the most helpful, make us feel like home.)  Lovely restaurant and breakfast is just outstanding. I would recommend to anyone who wants a top hotel in London",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gone downhill!,"We have stayed in this hotel many times, but in the past have always booked with the hotel direct. This time we went through a third party and the whole experience was sadly lacking! The cost for an executive room seemed reasonable and it included entry to the Executive lounge, which is why we have always booked this type of room when staying at this hotel after our very first stay, which was in a standard room. However having asked for a room with a wet room we were given a room with a bath, I cannot get in and out of the bath which was stated on the booking. Because we didn't get into our room until quite late on, and having already walked quite some distance, we decided to stay put as I needed to rest before going for the champagne afternoon tea. The room was not an executive…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disaster!,"I arrivederci al 10 ma, No room ready till 3 pm. Then the room was wrong: too small for the 3 beds as for reservation. On top 30 minutes to have our bags sent to the room. In a nutshell, we were there waiting for all issues solved from 10 till 4 pm. Net we have spent half of our only day in London trying to solve the issues. Do not get even close to this hotel. Expensive, pretentious, just a trap for tourists. No care of guests. The crew is nice, but cannot make up for the complete mess of the hotel. All this for just 500 pounds. Ahahaha! Only good thing is that I booked only for one night. ",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not value for money,"We had good memories of this hotel from our previous stay when it was not under Hilton. So we had mixed feelings whether or not we should stay again because of the varied reviews.  We booked a standard room, but bought an upgrade deal to a junior suite. The room was spacious (bedroom, living room & large bath room), but the interior was nothing like the traditional English style we had before. It was Hilton style with a sort of old modern interior (maybe it was modern 10 years ago) and I agree with some reviewers that the room needs refurbishment. The furniture looked tried.   We found the executive lounge was very disappointing. First of all, the layout of the furniture was more like a cafeteria. Also the furniture itself was old and the sofas and tables didn’t match each…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous hotel, outstanding staff, just sensational. ","I came here on the weekend of 9th July for my partners birthday and from the moment we arrived we had the most amazing experience.   We arrived and due to upgrading the room as a surprise at the last minute it wasn't quite ready. Monty we was a trainee was more than helpful and welcoming. He got our room ready within the hour. It wasn't a problem, we were shown where to leave our bags and everything was taken care of.   We had our cases bought up to the room for us. The room was pristine, so clean and faultless. Really nice room.   The choice of lighting in the room was fantastic, the bed was comfy and overall just a really lovely room.   Our stay was very comfortable. In the morning we had breakfast....wow amazing service from all the staff there in a grand restaurant. We…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,"The Waldorf Hilton is conveniently located close to Covent Garden, the Strand and several several theatres. Public transport is only steps from the front door and the Covent Garden tube station very close. The accommodations are very good and the staff very helpful. We will come again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff and Room,"When I arrived at the hotel I was greeted by a team at the front desk that were cheerful, welcoming and helpful and it made an positive Impression on me from the start. Once I got to my room I was amazed, it was an executive King and was massive with a huge bathroom with a shower and bath and a dressing room. The room was well furnished and very clean. The positive staff impression continued in every thing I did including the bar and the breakfast service. All in all I was pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed the experience and would highly recommend it",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not quite the exclusive hotel I expected,We arrived via taxi and there was no one to carry our bags up to the reception desk. So I carryed all 3 only to be told then that the bellman was very busy and he would have gotten them.(The doorman was doing something else).   Check in was very pleasant and the room we had checked in with through Hilton Honors program was ready a bit early.   We had chosen the basic room with a queen bed and the room was small but not uncomfortable. No view out of the window but it was quiet as promised which is more important to me.   The shower's water pressure was terrible. I had to lean against the knobs on the wall to get completely wet. Not very impressive. The wi-fi was not free to all Hilton Honors members as other hotels are and not very powerful.   The themostat was a bit hard to read…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and needs an update,"We booked our room last October, prepaid thinking we'd get a better deal.  Stayed in a junior suite, as we had our 20 year  old daughter with us, and stayed on the club level.  Our room was a good size and clean.  The Club however, was not....small club, very worn out - large stains on the furniture, limited selections of food and alcohol.  The location was pretty good - walking distance to a lot of sights.  My other complaint was that we left a hanging bag in our closet by accident - it took us 10 international phone calls back and forth over 3 days with the front desk, the supervisor of house keeping, tracking them down time and time again to finally get them to ship our bag to our location....it was ridiculous how difficult it was to find someone who could help us...and…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GOOD STAY.....EXPENSIVE COCKTAIL BAR,"We stayed 2 nights (Sat/Sun) as part of a London visit to see our daughter. The hotel looks great with it's art deco styling. Staff are very attentive and professional as you would expect for such a grand old hotel. Our room was clean, small but smartly painted in pastel grey shades with limited views over the interior aspect of the hotel. We found breakfast confusing as we had purchased a tariff that included it, but the waiting staff seemed unable to comprehend that. The cocktail bar & lounge area are very cosy & comfortable with excellent service, although the drinks were very expensive for a northerner!. Overall I would stay there again once I have saved up enough money.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gin tasting and cream tea,"I recently visited the Waldorf Homage restaurant for gin tasting and cream tea with some friends. This was bought through Buy A Gift.com and included 4 different gins plus scones. We arrived 30 minutes early but were welcomed in anyway, our table was laid out with all the mixers, botanicals and fruit. Once seated our waiter asked if we had any preference but we asked him to choose for us. We were brought our first measure of Gin, the waiter was very knowledgeable, giving us a lot of details about distilling, region, ingredients and proof. We were brought small buckets of ice and asked to sip the gin, then add ice and then advised what to add, either elderflower, lemon juice or botanicals. This continued with the 3 other gins, if we run out of mixers, grapefruit, lemon juice or…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay -July 2016,We stayed at the hotel for one night - 7th July. The hotel was easy to find on Aldwych and was near to Covent Garden and the theatres. We checked in easily with the help of a very efficient young man named Monty. His interpersonal skills were very impressive. The room(128) was adequate and clean. The one problem I had was that the bed was only a basic double - I'm probably spoiled at home with a super king sized bed - but I think for the price of the room a king size bed should be the norm. I am over six foot and 15 stones so the bed was a bit tight with both of us in it. I also think that wi fi should come as standard in the rooms. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant. The meal itself was excellent but service was a bit haphazard with my starter not arriving until my wife had…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Traditional and beautiful,"My wife and I were treated to an overnight stay at The Waldorf Hilton.  From the moment our taxi dropped us off and the doorman tipped his bowler hat to welcome us I knew we were in for a treat.  I travel a lot with my job but I don't normally stay in such a nice hotel.  Our room was ready early, there was a hand written note from the concierge welcoming us and a tin of fudge.  My wife was just tickled by everything.  The room was beautiful and the bathroom wonderful too.  We went for a walk to Convent Gardens and when we returned we received the same warm welcome.  We had dinner in their dining room which was just beautiful in every way. The only thing that was not the best was our waitress did not speak very good English but apart from that everything was perfect.  In the…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Consistently good service,"I like the Waldorf as it a modern and well run hotel, which is comfortable and very central. the room was comfortable and in good order, I always like the Hilton bed and bedding, reliably comfy and a good nights sleep always. The bathroom was modern and very clean, the towels were ok slightly looking a bit worn.  At 11.20pm we were unable to get coffee or snack in the lobby/bar as the kitchen closed at 10 pm and the coffee machine turned off at 11 pm, this is rather poor as many guests return late from shows and evenings out. the only was is to order room service, this was a let down.  Breakfast in the executive lounge was very busy with the food items pretty poor show, scrambled eggs grey/black and very watery, not nice, sausages OK and streaky bacon over cooked, hard and in a…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea? Don't bother........,"From the moment my friend and I arrived it appeared all the staff were bored and unenthusiastic in their work. It was a special trip for us as the afternoon tea was to celebrate my birthday. We were shown to our table, without being welcomed, the waitress then proceeded to explain in a monotone voice the range of teas available. The pots were then duly brought over- minus the tea strainers and sugar tongs which we had to ask for along with a jug of water. We waited for some time before gaining a member of staff's attention and reminding them- it wasn't even busy. A cake stand was then placed right in the middle of the table, completely blocking our view of each other and rendering all conversation nigh on impossible without rearranging the tea table. The sandwiches were…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and location,"I stayed here for two nights over the weekend so my son could attend the Open Day and taster course in KCL nearby. Check in is smooth and efficient. The hotel seems to be in a heritage building, yet the facilities are pleasantly update. Our room was at the far corner in one wing facing the back of the hotel. This is because I requested for a quiet room. They are very careful with customer requests and followed up with a call to make sure that every was fine with the room even though they were running full occupancy on that weekend. The room was very spacious, considering that it is located in the busiest sector in London. Amenities are the usual Hilton product. Bed is soft and very comfortable. We had dinner and breakfast at the in house restaurant and would highly recommend…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,EVERYTHING ONE COULD WISH FOR AT THE ICONIC WALDORF,"We've stayed at this hotel many times during the past 12 years so chose it as the ideal venue for my husband's 75th birthday. It was the perfect choice in every way. Service,food and accommodation were superb together with our warm welcome. We were made to feel like royalty and are so proud to be members of the Homage Premium Club with all its many benefits. We had decided that London was too tiring at our age but after such an enjoyable week we plan to revisit as often as possible. With excellent shows on the doorstep and exceptional food in the restaurant it proved to be an exciting yet relaxing stay. Than you so much for all your many kindnesses.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"We were SO looking forward to staying at the historic Waldorf Hilton but found it to be so so-I had booked and paid months in advance for our family of 4 and the room-described as a family room-was on the small side and we were put in a room on the first floor-which meant that we could hear all the parties that were booked on the floor below and so the night before we checked out there was disco music playing loudly till 1am and we were all kept awake for hours. I found that this hotel-which is definitely on the expensive side-NOT to be a good value for the money we spent. We will definitely stay somewhere else the next time we come to London. The ONLY bright spots were: 1)Excellent concierge staff who were very attentive, helpful and responsive to our requests and questions.   …",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good night's sleep,"We had the smallest room and it was small, but we were there only for one night. But the bed is comfortable, nice bathroom and everything was clean. We were at the back of the hotel and considering it's location, it was very quiet.  The staff were also helpful and polite. A pleasant enough stay. However, wifi is not free, you have to pay!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't recommend it afternoon tea,My friend and I went to the warldorf for afternoon tea as a birthday treat paid for by her son. We got there 20mins early which we explained to the girl on the desk.she said it wasn't a problem  and we were shown to our table.  There were about 5 other tables occupied at the time. We were given the menu and waited. Our table was booked for quatre past and that was the time our serve Mary came to see us. We ordered 2 glasses of proceco I explained I had an allergy to strawberries which she said wasn't a problem.  She came back with our food. 4 pastries each 2 different scones 4 sandwiches each. She didn't take our tea order so we started and waited but no tea. We had to ask the girl that showed us to our table for tea. Now bearing in mind that they use loose tea your only…,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"8 minute walk to the nearest tube stations.  Easier to get to Temple, however, most of the time rather than Covent Garden.  Great doormen and reasonable sized rooms.  As an older hotel it has thick walls and one cannot hear the people next door although the floors will creak a bit.  Great location for shows and restaurants.  Book the shows at least 2 weeks in advance.  Business district (City of London) is 5 stops on circle or district from Temple.  I'd stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shocking Value for Money,"We are staying here as a family with 2 adults and 2 children in a suite for 7 nights. This hotel used to be very up-market and special, but there are major shortcoming at our stay this time: housekeeping is very poor, our room was not cleaned properly. The bin was only emptied occasionally. We found rubbish from the previous occupants behind the curtains (empty water bottle and sweet wrappers). The rooms are generally grimy so that I feel very uncomfortable with the children even sitting on the floor. For the room rates we are paying, I expect an up-market, clean hotel with excellent service. This is a far cry from it and we will certainly not stay here again.  The Executive Lounge cannot cope with the influx of visitors. The chairs and floor are dirty and the food is at best…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, excellent value","Overall the hotel is nice and the rooms are well appointed given the typical size of a room in London. The beds, however, were lacking (they were way too firm and felt cheap). We loved the location since it provides quick access to most things in London and is situated in a lovely neighborhood.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What you'd expect,"This hotel is exactly what you would expect. Location to Covent garden is great. The hotel is clean; most of the staff are polite, some of them (the English ones) have a bit too much attitude. The gym is a public fitness club filled with 20year olds and thumping music - less than ideal but acceptable.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","Just completed yet another stay at this wonderfully-located Central London hotel. Excellent rooms, excellent amenities and excellent staff remain the foundations of this hotel's success. Close to Covent Garden, it offers easy access to the best that London has to offer in the way of culture, dining and shopping. A must-stay!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great!,"Excellent hotel, as expected with the name. My only complaint is that the air conditioner didn't keep up well; I am not normally ""hot"" but it was very warm in the room with the ac at full blast. The bathroom also needs a fan. Since the moisture isn't leaving the bathroom or shower stall, the paint is peeling in the ceiling of the shower stall. Overall, we loved the hotel and the room! We would love to stay again and hope to be back.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Capital London Waldorf,"A group of us headed off for an afternoon tea and stay break at The Waldorf last weekend, and what can I say........JUST FABULOUS. We arrived a little early, but this did not phase George, who worked his magic, and we were in our rooms within 15 minutes. Our afternoon tea was excellent, plenty of tea/coffee, sandwiches, cakes etc., It was made extra special by having a celebrity (Warwick Davies, T..V. star ) who was charming and very approachable. All the staff at the hotel, whoever we came into contact with, or passed, were all very friendly. It really was a great couple of days, so much so that we are going to make it an annual event and I am  looking forward to next year already. Well done Hilton. You surpassed all our expectations.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location with Adequate Rooms,"We recently wrapped up a three day stay in London and the location of this hotel is its strongest feature.  I have stayed at other Waldorf properties, primarily in the U.S., and this location did not feel like it warranted the Waldorf name.  The staff were lovely and friendly but the rooms and amenities were not so far above what you can get at a standard Hilton property.  The location though can not be beat and for that reason I would recommend this hotel.  We were within walking distance of all the sites we wanted to see - Tate Modern, the London Bridge, St. Paul's Cathedral, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, etc. Restaurants in the area were fine and there were lots of shows to see.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another successful stay at the Waldorf.,We have stayed here many times now and it never fails to please. I worry that standards might slip but we have yet to be disappointed.  The room on the second floor was large and spotless and the bathroom was well equipped.  The Executive Lounge was well stocked and the afternoon tea was much improved. The selection of food in the lounge was impressive.   The location of the hotel for theatre venues and most of the sights is excellent.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a five star service,"My husbands company had their annual event at the Waldorf this year.  To be honest i was not very impressed with the service we received.  We upgraded to a King Executive Suite and wished i had not have bothered. I did not have slippers, bathroom kit or a hair dryer in my room, 3 phone calls and 25 minutes later the hairdryer arrived. The whole hotel felt very unorganised. On a positive the food was very nice but again staff were very slap dash. We had access to the Executive lounge which we thought would be a good meeting point for us all to meet during the day.  Be warned you can not have an alcoholic drink until 6pm. Overall my experience was not what i was expecting and most certainly was not 5 star.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location disappointing rooms,On arrival at this hotel you are struck by how beautiful and very old it all looks and feels like stepping back in time.  However don't be surprised if the door doesn't get opened for you and you have to carry your own bags.  I have stayed in several mid to high end hotels and I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the attention and service at the Waldorf not to mention the rooms after leaving the splendour of the lobby you then go to your room and you could quite frankly be in a premier inn despite its description of being luxury queen room.  Breakfast was a bit hit and miss like being in a luxury canteen however had to go and find people if you wanted a drink and then the coffee tasted as if it had been in the pot for hours.  For the price of this hotel I would expect…,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"Smack bang in the middle of the West End - Sandwiched between The Strand & Fleet Street - With amazing array of Shows, Restaurants, Bars, Galleries & Period Architecture within minutes Bright well designed bedroom - beautiful tearoom -  On the negative - Soulless Bar and Unrewarding Leisure Centre Will return  ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location,"The Waldorf, London is a nice hotel with a smaller than average lounge.  Perfect location and friendly staff.  Will definitely use this hotel in the future mainly for location.  The hotel has a small swimming pool and a very large gym which is used by non residence.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxurious Waldorf,Stayed overnight on trip to London.  Location was brilliant with Covent Garden a few minutes walk away. Booking in a breeze with staff extremely helpful and the room was first class. Would definitely stay again.  ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"We visited London to see a show and found the hotel's location was great. Our room was very nice, clean and comfortable.  We had access to the executive lounge where we enjoyed the food and drinks available and where the staff were very helpful and friendly.  Breakfast was good but I would have expected table service for the cooked element.  Overall though very impressed with the hotel and especially the staff. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely expected more,"After booking a 'King Executive' I was very surprised to have a queen bed; yet I  was told it was normal - that king didn't mean king bed..  The next day I asked to change and the new room had ripped sheets and a broken shower knob - I fumbled for a good ten minutes to try and turn on the shower before realizing it was actually broken..  The room was a good size and fine other than that. Service wise, it seems the capacity is limited. Elevators take a very long time. Long lines at reception. Warning letters in the room to avoid restaurant during peak hours (like 9 to 11 for weekend breakfast).. Room service took a very long time and arrived cold.  Unfortunate for the name and quality expectations.  Location is nice though and it's easy to walk around. I wish my experience has…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakfast is top notch!,"I've stayed at hiltons all over London and this is my favourite, the breakfast is top class and the gym is awesome. Only disappointing part is I am a Gold member but have never received an upgrade in 15 stays!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Trip to London,"The Waldorf Hilton is my go-to hotel when I'm in London for work - close to the office, The Strand, other sight-seeing attractions. Excellent except for slow complimentary wifi - had to use cellular to workin the room. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Swanky! ,"I travelled to London with my two sisters (who are also my best friends).  We started our trip staying with family in Hampshire, then travelled to London.  We stayed st the Waldorf Hilton and it was WONDERFUL!   We had a situation where they was a strange sort of smell in our first room, but when we brought it to the managers attention, he sent someone up to investigate.  They changed our room right away, and to compensate us for the move, they upgraded us to a HUGE room!    The hotel itself is so incredibly posh, the bathrooms were so well outfitted, thick towels and great service.    The doorman was so polite, he quickly learned our names and knew that we were American girls.  He even looked after us and made sure we were ok!   The location is great, and walkable for lots of…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend break in London,"Hotel was lovely would recomend the hotel to anyone, all staff where really helpful and helped with any queries we had. Upgraded the room to King executive room which was a really nice room and the executive lounge and the food and drink on offer in there was well worth the upgrade. All round brilliant stay",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful ! ,We stayed 2 nights at the Waldorf at the end of our trip traveling around the UK Very good customer service and staff that have been trained well in looking after guests  We upgrade our room to Queen Deluxe Plus which was slightly larger in size . Very comfortable beds with high quality linen and large ensuite bathrooms with plenty of towels  Tip ....it was quite warm and if you open the window  or doors the air conditioner automatically turns off . We were on the 7th floor and view out of the room was just backs of buildings .  The hotel is right in the middle of musical theatre & stage play district so you can walk outside and you are stones throw from all the theaters and 3 minute walk to the Strand and Waterloo Bridge  If you don't want to eat in the hotel there is a great…,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beware room 301,My wife and I stayed here whilst I was attending a conference at the hotel.  The location was also very handy for the theatre and restaurant scene and we took full advantage of that. The staff are very pleasant and obliging and the facilities of the hotel are more than adequate. The room was spacious and comfortable but unfortunately our room suffered from a very unpleasant odour during the evenings which were not personal I hasten to add! The hotel seems mostly occupied by American tourists no doubt attracted by the Hilton brand being familiar to them. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel in a great location,"My wife and I enjoyed an overnight stay here whilst en-route. Staff very friendly, accommodation very comfortable (apart from a hard bed but that's just a personal preference thing) and the hotel is in a perfect position for the west end. Will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very nice,"very nice hotel. arrived at 23.45 ....tired and hungry,,, very friendly reception...jack in good godfrey bar was nice young man. room a bit on the small side,,,only stayed 2 nights so was adequate. breakfast was a bit of a gamble,,,,can be very busy at peak times,,,this does cause the standards to drop. no bacon or scrambled eggs for 10 min.... although it is explained this be the case,, very convenient location,, for theatre land ,,,west end and soho,,, wouldn't hesitate to use it again,,, tho on a room basis only,,,,breakfast is defo a hit and miss",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced,"We stayed in the Astor suit a large suit with a four poster bed. Two TV's that worked when they wanted, a small shower (we broke the on / off handle the first morning- but it was rapidly fixed) a very deep bath with no grab rail to help you out - but the TV at the end was a nice touch. The VERY hot towel rail was by the side of the toilet, I burnt myself (superficial) every time I used it. All this heat but I couldn't get a basin of hat water for a shave in the 3 days we were there. Towelling robes lovely, where do you hang them? No hooks anywhere in the suit, not even for our wet coats. I believe this has been recently refurbished? If so the management should spend some time looking at the myriad small flaws, the lights between the bathroom and the bedroom are switched in the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed at this hotel for a 3 night long weekend in June.  The hotel is situated in a good location and close to Covent Garden. The staff are welcoming offering fast and efficient service. We stayed in a deluxe room on the 4th floor, our room was spacious, clean with a large bathroom. I can recommend the afternoon tea and upgrading so you get an Executive Lounge pass. I also stay at this hotel when staying in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired looking place,"Great location for the meetings I was attending and on the doorstep of Covent Garden, but...... Bar area is real tired looking and the restaurant would have been a nice place to visit in the 1920s but looks so outdated now. Sporadic service doesn't help either.  My exec room was decent enough but with an awful view into the middle outside area of the hotel and the batteries in the tv remote were flat. On at least 3 occasions I rang reception the phone wasn't answered.  I had tried to call for a porter to help me with my bags but no answer and when I was leaving my room with all my bags, 3 members of staff passed me without offering help. 3 stars is just about the level of this tired property. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb location very good hotel,"Clean hotel. Loved the location - so many theatres and restaurants within walking distance. I decided to see ""Beautiful"" which is in a theatre about 200 steps from the hotel, and was able to make that decision at 7:15pm buy the ticket and get seated by 7:25pm for the 7:30pm show. I could have done the same for at least 4 other shows !! Only constructive feedback I would give is on the a la carte breakfast service. I ordered off the menu the 2 times I had breakfast. The first was on a Friday at about 8am and it took almost 20 minutes to bring me a toasted bagel with salmon---and I had  to remind them I was waiting. The second time was on Saturday when I ordered an omelette at 7:10am with hardly anyone in the dining room. Again after 10 minutes, I had to remind them I was waiting…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I've come to expect from Hilton,Given it's Central London location and glamorous exterior we had high hopes for our stay at the Waldorf Hilton. The interior is gloomy and tired and the staff service seems to match this. Upon arrival we were allocated a room that was already occupied. Thankfully the occupants weren't in residence when we barrelled in! Dragging back to reception (via the less than efficient lifts) we were told that they'd find out when the residents would be leaving - given it only had a double bed and there was four of us we'd pretty much guessed it wasn't our room. Several minutes later and after much raised voices a manager appears with a completely different room key and tried to imply it was our fault as the bookings were in the same name. Staggering.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pricey but central,"Booked at a 'discount' rate three months earlier, I'd have been better booking as a lastminute package.  The hotel is well-situated for theatre and walking tours and the common areas are grand.  The room (a queen) was smaller than I expected and lacked the space of the common areas. But it was well-appointed and a complimentary bottle of wine in recognition of a special occasion was welcome.  Breakfast was good if pricey (£44 for two). Service was excellent throughout. I would have given a 'four' but not convinced it represented value for money (£239 for a Friday night plus breakfast). ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not vegetarian friendly.,"If you eat meat or fish,  the food is, I am told, very good. If you are a vegetarian then do not get your hopes up. Poorly cooked, unappealingly presented pasta is the non-meat option. White pasta, with a white sauce on a white dish with a few sprinkles f green was an insult to eye and as the past was tepid and insipid, not an experience to be repeated in a hurry.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mrs j r,"Stayed here last weekend with my daughters in a triple executive room which was supposed to have a king size double and pull out sofa bed . Asked for a quiet room on a high floor , even phoned the week before to confirm this again. When we arrived we were given a disabled access room on the 3rd floor at the front of the hotel ( lot of street noise) with a standard double and a tiny put up bed in a small room with no bath only a shower.  Had to go back to reception to get it changed ! We had waited 30 mins to check in and had to  wait again to get the executive room paid for and the location requested . Wasted 1 hour of our two day break. The gentleman that sorted us out was very helpful , but I am disappointed that central reservations did not give us initially what we paid for.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed here for 3 nights before setting off on a European River Cruise. We have been to London quite a few times, so this stay was mainly for us to acclimatise to the time zone. A travel agent recommended this hotel and we enjoyed our stay here. We had an executive room so this included breakfast, afternoon tea, evening drinks & canapés and also WIFI. The location was perfect for us right in the heart of the theatre district. The rooms and bathrooms are a good size compared to many other London hotels. The only fail we had was on our first night where we had a late dinner at the hotel restaurant. My partner ordered a steak and it was very chewy and undercooked. But having said this, he has encountered dodgy steaks on most of his trips to the UK. We have no hesitation in…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mums 80th Birthday treat ruined,"My parents are getting to the stage where they don't want Xmas presents etc anymore so we put them together a weekend of treats incl a stay at The Waldorf to celebrate amongst other things my Mums 80th Birthday.Well they were ecstatic, a little bit of luxury .... Oh how wrong they were!!! We arrived and I was shown to our room,it didn't take long to discover our room faults incl. aircon not working, toilet seat loose,chair ripped, toe nail clippings on the floor, shower not working properly (scalding hot or no water at all) We were told we couldn't be mover as they were at 100% occupancy and to be fair the Manager did try to make amends( mainly due to Monty on front desks hard work and persistence!) but you can imagine how upset I was when we got on the train home and my parents…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gin tasting,Giuseppe was excellent and explained all the gins well. Loved the experience. To be 5 would have liked to be served a bit quicker as it was 2.5 hours to drink 4 gins. Wouldn't put me off doing it again though! Classical music and Art Deco environment to set it off too. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Charm and Convenience,"I stay at the Waldorf for business.  The location to transportation is great.  The atmosphere when you enter the lobby is calm and professional.  Rooms are spacious and comfortable.  For work, I wish the desks were a little bigger.  For the business traveler this is good.  I imagine if a traveler is looking for a nice, calm place near the theatre district this would be an ideal option as well.  I will always go back to the Waldorf.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We have stayed here a couple of times and the location is brilliant for Covent Garden, which is a short walk away. There was a wedding on when we arrived and the reception area was very busy. This coupled with there being only one member of staff on the check in desk meant for a long wait. After 25 minutes we were taken to checkin at the executive lounge desk. Staff need to monitor this and open more check in positions when necessary. The rooms are a reasonable size and well appointed. Breakfast was good, but the queues can be long and we had to give up waiting one morning and missed out.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,visit to london,great hotel clean and beautiful bedroom wonderful bathroom  good location you can catch a bus down to charing cross attentive staff   lovely restaurant and breakfast I would recommend to anyone who wants a luxury hotel in London,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Stay,"I really like this hotel. I'd give it a four star rating, because that's what it really deserves, but some of the staff were especially helpful, so that makes the difference. I was upgraded upon arrival to a bigger room. The rooms themselves are quite beautiful, and include tasteful decor. Very nice amenities and when the AC unit was broken, a very nice mechanic came and repaired it immediately. Breakfast was pretty good too. The major negatives are: some areas of the hotel look old and are in need of remodel; housekeeping is very slow and forgot to clean our room; the shower leaked onto the floor and made it very wet. Otherwise, a good stay in a great location.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a good hotel,The hotel was fine but nothing special. Except the location. Very convenient for business or pleasure. Rooms were large for London. Mold on bathroom window was a disappointment. Hotel was a little pricey but not too bad for location.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Adequate for a short stay,"We found the room and bathroom quite small. The bed was comfortable and there was adequate drawer and cupboard space. The one point of contention was that the shower was diabolical.The overhead one was locked off so all we had was a hand held one. There was nowhere to lock it in so we had to hold the shower which is back to middle last century. In the end the bathroom was flooded. The service was excellent. Even the man who came to fix the TV. He contacted the Service provider to be told the film we wanted to watch was not available. One film that we could watch was so bad we turned it off after 10 minutes. The rest of the staff, especially in the restaurant were very good. I had a swim while we were there. The pool was good but the surrounds were lethal. The flooring is…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for visiting the theatres nearby!,"Stayed here with family during June and had a lovely weekend. The hotel is big, yet noise is not a problem. The room was beautiful with good quality decor (and not tired as some hotels can be in Central London). We had access to the executive lounge which meant that breakfast and evening canapés and drinks were included - which was a lovely addition to our stay. Great to be able to walk to see Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Warm welcome for Diamond member,"I booked the Waldorf as we were in town meeting friends and it was my husband's birthday so thought it would be a treat.  The registration desk was very busy on arrival, but they opened more stations and we were greeted as a diamond member and informed of all associated benefits.  We visited the Executive lounge for a traditional English afternoon tea later on.  The staff again were very welcoming.  Our room was small, but beautifully decorated, sumptuous bed linen and an abundance of fluffy towels in the bathroom.  Breakfast was also good.The Waldorf is an iconic hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not great for gluten free meals,"Our room and bathroom were very comfortable, clean and beautifully presented. However if a view is important to you then avoid room 327.  We had dinner and breakfast at the hotel and both were tasty and well cooked. I was a bit disappointed though as I had specifically said that I am coeliac and need gluten free food when I booked the previous day, but there wasn't a desert on the menu that I was able to have. The chef eventually said that he could put together a rhubarb crumble and custard. When it arrived it was simply stewed rhubarb with a sprinkling of almonds which were soggy as they hadn't been toasted. (Even Starbucks can manage a better rhubarb crumble!) we were told that we wouldn't be charged for desert but as we weren't given an itemised bill it was difficult to see.…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The hotels lovely - it's the bureaucracy drives you crazy!,"As a gold Hilton HHonors member I thought I was a preferred customer or at least acknowledged for loyalty.  On this occasion I was upgraded to a executive room due to my loyalty status and was relocated to a very strange shaped room in the centre of the complex.   The windows were reduced so it only had limited light and the room was a strange U shape which made it small and odd.  The overall disappointment was when I stood on the bed to see out the windows - I was viewing a central utilities area above air conditioning machines which I would need to listen too all night.  I thought to myself - if I'm a loyalty guest, what do the casual visitors receive?  Naturally,  I advised reception this was unacceptable and having had to explain the situation to 3  people - finally received…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic and stately but small rooms,"Checking into the room was great, amazing service and very luxurious. The room however was small and not much space to move around. The bathroom was classic and very clean. We used the pool, which was lovely, and we ate in the restaurant. We had to go to the theatre after dinner and the rushed our meals for us so we would make it on time. We ordered room service and it was prompt and delicious.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not perfect but handled brilliantly ,"I wasn't going to do a review as there were some issues.......however when someone hoes out their way to turn things around then it is only fair to compliment. That person is Ferooz Yaquibi. He listened, took everything on board, and in true Hilton style went out his way to ensure I left a happy guest. It's not always about the issue but is more often than not about the service recovery......and Ferooz did this superbly. He is a credit to Hilton and hospitality as a whole and represents all that is great about UK hospitality.  Thanks ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, value & staff!!",The hotel is conveniently located near Covent Garden & the West End.  The staff is absolutely excellent!!  So helpful and kind!  The complimentary full English Breakfast was a nice surprise!  Would definitely stay again!,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,central hotel no Diamond Recognition and indifferent staff,very central hotel handy for West End Theatres etc. No welcome as Diamond member and no real benefit offered apart from free Wifi. No Suite or upgraded room offered and staff indifferent at checkin. They didnt really care and just wanted to get you checked in as quickly as possible! On a positive note The room was big and very clean.  Executive lounge hit and miss with an obvious bias to certain guests who were provided with sandwiches on demand but others refused. This needs to be sorted out as everyone should be provided with the same level of service!  Also disturbed many times by rude housekeeping staff knocking the door even when do not disturb sign was in use.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good for Theatre, OK for Business","Spent 3 days at the hotel, excellent location for theatre and walking to tourist sites. For business it was a little crowded and too busy but it was the Queen's 90th birthday.  Bar staff and concierge were excellent as was the fitness facility. Food Quality and room quality was very good which can often be suspect in London, so overall a good stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and facilities let down by an advertised service that didn't materialise.,"My family and I stayed for 1 night in an Executive King Room, as it was for a special occasion. The room was smart, with access to the Executive Lounge, providing sandwiches, cakes and beverages. The staff members were all polite and friendly. A Turn-down service is advertised but this didn't happen and when I asked at reception, they said that as we were only staying for 1 night, we weren't getting that service. This was one of the main reasons I booked, as it was an expensive, luxurious room, and it isn't advertised as being for more than 1 night stays. I felt as if my business wasn't appreciated 'only' being there for 1 night and this ruined the occasion for us. Also, we left our room at 7pm to go out for the evening and there was a lot of rubbish in the hallway left outside…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed views on this one....,"Beautiful fresh, clean room. A good size room with a pretty bathroom (very small sink) with fluffy white towels and excellent quality bedding and pillows. We had a quiet room with effective air conditioning. Breakfast was a bit of a shocker though. 10 people in the q in front of us but they moved through fairly quickly. The coffee was quite simply the worst I have ever tasted in a hotel. The orange juice tasted very sugary and sweet. The plates were in a heater and were so hot we saw several people burn themselves on the hot plates. Napkins were available to hold the plates but I do think the hotel need to look carefully at this as a safety issue. The bacon was a congealed lump of oddly coloured, barely cooked rashers which had obviously been microwaved and rushed out to keep up…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a Waldorf,"An old-fashioned hotel in the Aldwych, close to the theatre district and so dominated by tourists, bedrooms have received a contemporary upgrade but, overall, this hotel is not up to the standards of Hilton's Waldorf brand.  The public areas are dingy and not sufficiently spacious. Godfrey's bar is worth a visit for drinks but skip the food, overpriced and poor quality. The same applies to the Homage restaurant. At first sight, the breakfast buffet looks expansive but the food quality is average. They did, however, make a good cappuccino.  Well-selected carpeting and good bedroom lighting give the bedrooms a much more contemporary feel. However, there was less than one foot of hanging closet space in my bedroom (totally inadequate) and my bathroom offered only a small tub with…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Pretty old building, that has been extensively renovated","Most of the interiors are quite modern. However, some strange old features (such as small flights of stairs between the elevators & some of the hotel rooms).  Good location for many activities. A walk to the Piccadilly line, for trains to Heathrow.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great building, decent portion","To give context, we came before going to see Motown the Musical (definitely a good one to go and see!)..  From service right back to the food, I was a happy man. I caught some jokes with the maitre'd of the restaurant on arrival, was seated with my girlfriend on the side of the room  in one of the booths (comfy seats) and then proceeded to order.   The wine was very good, lots of choice on this but we went with one of their Sauvingon Blanc choices, followed by 2 courses. The salad was actually really good as well, had that as a side to buffer (working 12hrs and not eating pre theatre meant I was ready for a hearty meal).. The mains were of really good size as well, leaves you doing a little belly rub with classical music in the background.  I've been back twice since, very happy…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"A lovely afternoon tea in a lovely room, delish champagne, delish sandwiches, amazing scones and scrummy cakes, they also brought my mum out a complimentry pudding and sang happy birthday which made her day. Thank you ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly and Helpful Staff,"Very much enjoyed this old, gracious hotel. Well located in Central London and close to numerous theaters and good restaurants. Staff was very helpful. Rooms and baths were a good size and very comfortable. Would definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top notch everything,"Stayed one night our third visit.Love the location,so easy for theatres and close to the river. Staff again exceptional and a lovely room.  ""Good Godfreys is a pleasant bar with very attentive waiting staff. Will be returning.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a disappointment,"As a birthday treat my husband took me for a night at the Waldorf ,what a disappointment. The front of house staff were very welcoming ,the room was fine,but then came the evening meal. This was not five star dinning.A very ordinary menu, staff that didn't,t seem to care,slow service and then when the food finally arrived not cooked well.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality in the centre of the city,"10/10 for an excellent enjoyable stay with friendly service, comfortable room and good food for breakfast, dinner and afternoon Tea. The hotel is within close proximity to Covent Garden, Theatre land, other restaurants and many historic parts of London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed experiences,"I arrived at the hotel in the morning and early check in is allowed. Very impressive on arrival. Concierge staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Breakfast was good with standard choices of hot food. Vairiety of  fruits are worth mentioning. Breakfast staff was excellent with smiles and service mind. Location is excellent for musical plays. Room is clean but window is small. However, some staff at front desk was doing his/her job merely according to the script in the manual. Requests would be denied initially and long explainations were needed. I booked 6 nights through Expedia. It took me tens rounds of pingpong communications between the hotel and Expedia to amend my reservation from 6 nights to 5 nights.  Hotel said that any change had to be done thru Expedia while Expedia…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,amazing hotel perfect for the discerning traveller,We stayed on the first floor in a standard queen room. The room was maybe on the small side but not a problem the bathroom was beautifully decorated very high level of attention to detail form the huge fluffy towels to the daily supply of designer bath products. The bed was very comfy and to my joy had a decent mattress protector on ! well done ! Everything you ned for a trip to london was in the room coffee tea mini bar robes nice clean comfy bed and fantastic hot shower.  The breakfast was included and was served in a beautiful room which i can only describe as something out of a 1920's dil scene. The mass of various food was mind blowing and if they doidnt have it ? just ask. Smoked salmon and bagels for breakfast were perfect. They cook your pancakes in front of you. Nothing…,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unhelpful porters.,"I was at the Waldorf for the day for a pre-arranged photo shoot for a magazine. The organisers from the hotel were fantastic, really helpful and a great service. I have no issues with them at all.   It was the porters who really let the whole experience down. At the end of the shoot we had a lot of suitcases and bags that needed transporting from the shoot location (downstairs with no lift) to our taxi. There was a large protest directly outside the hotel so he had to park round the corner, 5 minutes walk away. The porters were called to help however they literally just stood there and watched whilst we struggled (2 young women) dragging the cases up and down stairs, walking 5 minutes through a protest back and forth. Towards the end of our many trips, one of the guys helped…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Centrally Located, Great Rates","In search of wheelchair friendly places in Europe is hard, but this hotel had it all. From the lift in the lobby to the spacious room and bathroom. The hotel decor is a bit outdated but it is still quite elegant, and very clean. The best part is this hotel is in the middle of all it all, in the heart of the theater district.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Cold food, colder service.","2 nights in an over-priced hotel that lives on it's name and location. Waiting 5 minutes to be seated for breakfast is poor, waiting a further 20 mins for food is very poor....biting into said eggs and realising they are stone cold...unforgivable.  Will not return.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but that's about it,"Nothing in my room worked.  Outlets? No.  Hair dryer? No.  TV? No again.  Wifi workd but was incredibly slow and not at all geared for business travel.  All of the bathroom fixtures are dated, and nothing seems clean. Also, the standard room that I received had 2 twin beds.  Bizarre.   Check in took much longer than it should have, and the level of service (when compared to the cost) has been sub par.  You can do better.  I won't stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location & Helpful Staff,"This is quite a lovely hotel in the West End theater district. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The hotel is close to shopping and short walk to the London Eye. Also, a short walk to the underground.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just gets better and better,"My family returned to our home from home in London. We booked four rooms and as always the rooms were very comfortable and well maintained and clean. We stay at this great hotel about four times a year, we are always treated as family and made to feel right at home. The hotel is definitely five star and all the staff are very helpful. We would not consider staying any where else when we come to town. This hotel full of character and well located but it is the staff that are the stand out feature. Thanks once again see you later in the year. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location near theater,We stayed here for our last night in London.  This hotel has a very nice location close to the theaters and is also walking distance to the British Museum.  The family suite was very roomy and well appointed.  We had plenty of space.  The front desk and bell staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  I appreciated the call to make sure we had everything we needed.    Only negative is that the lobby is a bit dingy and uninviting.  Also the concierge seemed too busy (and the other helpful people did not appear to be able to assist with his job) but perhaps this was just the day we were there. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mums 85th Birthday,"Fantastic Hotel nothing too much trouble. Ideal location in short walking distance of the Mall, Covent Garden etc.  Rooms lovely and clean. Breakfast great choice. Trooping of the Colour was excellent, we stood on the Strand for the fly pass what a great view we had. Went to see Charlie and the chocolate factory the effects were amazing. Friday evening we had the evening meal on the Showboat sailing the Thames. Brilliant night lovely meal with live entertainment in form of a vocalist singing show songs. Excellent weekend obviously made better by watching the Queens 90th birthday events.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The BEST service by a country mile ....,"This was our first but not last stay here. From the minute we arrived the service was fantastic, efficient, friendly, easy......I could go on. From reception to the concierge to the doorman ....all brilliant. The hotel is great for Covent Garden and theatre land . Our room was lovely 442, very quiet and he everything we needed. Well done ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,This is the best hotel we have stayed at in London.  The staff are very friendly. The room was fantastic.  Food is totally amazing. Celebrating my birthday I was greeted with Happy Birthday when we checked in. When entering our room a birthday cake was waiting for me and a card.  Very nice touch.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location,"We were made to feel really special from the moment we got out of our taxi, It was a delayed birthday trip for my husbands 70th birthday and when we went to our room there was a birthday cake waiting in our room for him how thoughtful ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for the theatre,"This is a nice hotel, rooms simple in decoration.  It has a good location, especially if your off to the numerous theatres.  Check in was fairly slow, but the member of staff was very polite.  I received an upgraded room due to my hhonors status.  Rooms simply decorated, but looking a little tired.  Food from various outlets, of a decent standard.   Overall a good visit.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Stayed at the Hilton for three nights, our room was overlooking Aldwych Road,. I loved the elegant decor of the room , and unlike most hotel rooms in London this was spacious. Breakfast was very good and  in the evening we had pre dinner drinks at the bar and the service was excellent too. Location is excellent , in Coventry Garden close to so many good restaurants and theatres.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic Elegance!,We spent our first night in England at this beautiful property. It was pouring rain upon our arrival and upon entering this beautiful room I suddenly didn't care about the weather. The location is fabulous for walking but due to the weather we decided to taxi to our destination. As Hilton Honors Diamond members we were able to enjoy the executive floor that was absolutely lovely. Well stocked enough that after our long journey we didn't have to make dinner plans that night. We can't wait to go back!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The location was the best part of staying at the Waldorf.  Smack dab in the middle of the Theatre district, shopping and restaurants.  The hotel was up to par but I preferred the interior at the Conrad.  to be fair I was only there one night after a long day at stone hedge so that might effect my judgment.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and amazing staffs,"Great service , the hotel is a walking distance from Covent Garden and the royals opera house . Thank you Mathew , Elif at reception and Diana Good Godfreys Bar. I will definitely stay at this hotel again",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable Experience,"We spent a night here over the recent bank holiday weekend and really enjoyed ourselves. All staff were extremely helpful and the executive lounge was fantastic. Also enjoyed the gym access, spending a couple of hours in the swimming pool. Our room was smaller than I expected however, all in all, a very enjoyable experience. Cocktails from the bar were a great post-dinner treat",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb Location in Aldwych - Stunning Building & Decor - 15min walk from Waterloo - You get what you pay for!,"I booked this hotel as a romantic night away in Central London for my fiance. I used Points and Money which totalled £98.10 plus 32,000points....and believe it or not it was the bargain of the century! The convenient location, being only 15mins walk from Waterloo Station, suited our needs perfectly and it was a charming walk over Waterloo Bridge too.  This really is a full blown 'Waldorf' with the legendary decor and service to boot. As most of you know reading this, The Waldorf is essentially the 'Ritz Carlton' of the Hilton Brand so expect a similar but more relaxed experience without the price tag.  We were warmly greeted upon arrival by every single staff member, from the Doorman to the Concierge right up to the Reception desk. Where we met the exceptional Monty Tang... this…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a Waldorf experience!,"Don't expect more than a 3* hotel. The location is great, very convenient whether you travel for business or leisure but it's not enough any more. It's a safe place but that's it. Don't expect Hilton quality or Waldorf service. You will be disappointed. ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great One Night Stop,"I booked a night at the Waldorf for my wife's birthday and we both loved it.  It's in such a great location, right in the heart of theatre land.   Our room was lovely, such a comfy bed!   We had breakfast there as well, which was one of the best i've had at any hotel, such a great varied choice.  Would definitely recommend, as a treat or a base for exploring a wonderful part of London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My new favourite!,"Beautiful room, lovely check in by Rita, amazing location for touristing around the city and of course, Nutella muffins at breakfast are always a good thing! Concierge team were all very nice too, my only regret was not trying the pool... maybe next time!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton stay,"Booked an overnight stay here in a twin room with my friend. We wanted to stay centrally as we're always so shattered travelling back to our hotels when we've stayed further out. Couldn't be more central if you tried! And even have valet parking service. We couldn't fault this hotel. Everything about it was beautiful from the moment the concierge opened the door for us to walk in. All the staff were so friendly, helpful and professional within their role. Our room was superb.  Breakfast was out of this world! Obviously more expensive than our previous cheaper alternatives but certainly money well spent.  We'll definitely be back next time we're in London.  Fantastic hotel all round! Would gladly recommend to anyone!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Customer service,Loved everything  about the hotel  the staff were excellent  from check in to check out  the breakfast staff were also excellent the house keeping  staff were very helpful my wife left her blouse behind  we phoned the hotel and within a couple of days they had posted it to us  would definitely stay at the  Waldron again,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best in London,"Every time we stay in London we head here. Been staying two or three times a year for the past five/six years. The staff are lovely, especially in the Executive Lounge, nothing is too much trouble. The suites are great, try to splash out for a Suite and you'll get music and TV  in the bathroom, leather clad wardrobes, luxury fruits on arrival and an in house fridge stocked with wines and bubbly. All within a 10 minute walk from the theatre district of Londons West End  - what more could you ask! Ooooohhhh just maybe the most BRILLIANT cocktail bar ever xxxx Tick yes it's there xxxx",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disabled facilities first class.,"ideal for wheel chair clients. Big bedroom with huge wet room with facilities. Staff outstanding. Would stay there again, ideal position, near to buses, underground & theatres. Breakfast was a large selection.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf London Experienc,"This hotel is sited near Covent Garden and is ideal for theatre land. Above average in quality, but on this occasion the service not up to standard.for the price charged. In the future, we would not pay the extra for using the Executive Lounge.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ease of check in needs addressing,"My husband had booked a romantic weekend in London and chose the Waldorf Hilton hotel. As we had a matinee show booked, my husband, who works closely to the hotel had gone in person the day before to organise an earlier check in for around 1pm to enable us to pop our case in prior to the show. The very helpful lady did tell my husband it would be down as a request, but said she did not see a problem. Her name was Lourdes.  So forward wind, we arrive at just after 1pm the next day.  There was a queue of at least ten people waiting to check in, two people at the desk, with two further check in points empty. When we finally got to check in, we were told our room was not available. My husband produced Lourdes's card and relayed the day befores visit. Nothing was on the system, so…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent central location,"This hotel is perfectly situated for theatres and Covent Garden. My friend and I stayed for two nights and found the room spacious, clean and well appointed. The staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. I would highly recommend the Waldorf Hilton to anyone.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bank Holiday Weekend Stay at the Waldorf,"I stayed for two nights at the Waldorf Hilton for a Bank Holiday weekend in London. I checked in at just before 9am and left my bag with the concierge. I returned to the hotel at around 3pm to collect my room key and reception was very busy, so if you can, try and check in early. The Queen Deluxe room was comfortable, spacious and contemporary with a huge bathroom located on the first floor and at the front of the hotel. The rooms are well soundproofed so noise wasn't an issue. Breakfast was excellent with a wide variety of food and drinks and was a buffet style service. If you require porridge you need to order it and some other cooked items alas need to be pre-ordered. The public areas and bar although not large, were very comfortable and stylish. I did not visit or use any of…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Guest review ,"Can't fault this service, room, staff, pool or executive lounge. If you are looking for a hotel near the west end theatre this is it. The room is clean plenty of space for a family of 3, bathroom has a bath and good shower, stayed in room 406 at the back of the hotel very quiet, food in the ex-lounge  was good breakfast, afternoon tea from 15-00hrs and drinks from 18-00hrs.       ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous customer service,We arrived late in the evening and were served by a receptionist who had to deal with two rude customers in front of us. In spite of this we were treated exceptionally well and made to feel so welcome. It helped to make it a really memorable stay in a lovely hotel. A stay here is highly recommended,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb comfort and care from a bygone age,"My family and i stayed in a Executive room which was excellent. Very spacious with a large walk in shower large bathroom and double bed with a double roll away bed for our son. Breakfast was included in the Executive room and there was a great choice of fruits, cereals and  cooked food. It was a little busy at certain times but we tend to be early risers so it was fine. The hotel is perfectly placed to explore London and is close to Covent Garden and theatreland. There are some nice restaurants nearby with the best being Cote Bistro which i thought was very good value for excellent food and reasonably priced wine. Will definitely stay here again when visiting London...a gem of a find.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Reviee,"Great location.  Rooms rather small compared to more modern London hotels.  Service was excellent.  Walking distance to all of the Theatre district.  Many quality restaurants in the area.  Many stairs, so be careful if you have mobility issues.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Where was Jeeves?,"This is an authentic classy hotel. The Doorman epitomises its style and the service is impeccable. Don't miss high tea...with harp accompaniment! Pre-showtime dinner is perfect and reasonably priced. Non-alcoholic pina colada was extortionate! We had room 717. Wonderful large comfortable bed,spacious, quiet. Amazing for where the hotel is located. It would be really trivial minded to mention the odd error. There were two or three. Coffee machine is VIP breakfast room didn't work and we had to suggest that there might be another in the hotel that did work before we were served.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Just spent 2 days in London staying here for our anniversary. We let the staff know before hand and they upgraded us and put a cake in our room! The staff were so friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The location was great with Covent Garden 5 mins walk and theatres just on the corner. The breakfast was stunning with everything you could want and if it wasn't there, my partner wanted an omelette, they cooked it for you. We even noticed pancakes being ordered which looked great!!  The swimming pool was good but the steam room was out of order. We would definitely stay again. Thank you Waldorf for an amazing experience. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location! ,"The Waldorf has a perfect location in Covent garden just next to the famous London theaters and Trafalgar Square. Picadilly, London Eye and Big Ben are all within walking distance.   I stayed there for 2 nights in late May. Hotel has all required amenities, good restaurant, beautiful breakfast and a bar.   I had a room on the 8th floor. It was a small room, clean and comfortable and decorated with good taste. But lift goes only to 7th floor and then I had to take stairs. Also the room was noisy at night because of the AC machines located nearby. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Executive VIP Service,"The Waldorf London a wonderful classic hotel, We are always offered a first class VIP service as returning guests we where greeted with a warm welcome back with the usual VIP check in, With the delightful complementary extras left in our Suite.   The hotel is perfectly located for any show that London has to offer, Plus all the main attractions are within easy walking distance.    The executive lounge offers a wide range of tasteful foods & beverages thought the day plus the staff so helpful.  The Concierge Staff offer a superb caring service which i can fully recommend.  I will be very much looking forward to my next return to The Waldorf during this coming Summer break   Plus i would like to give an extra thank you to Julie (Reservations) who has repeatably gone well beyond…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One to give a miss!,"Much in need of a room upgrading programme - it felt like going back to my first years in London on courses with my employer - 1985 onwards. One consolation was a comfortable bed. Bathroom was tired, shower over the bath - hmmm, old fashioned furniture, clean but no a comfortable environment to relax in. Also the TV was not functioning properly. It felt too expensive for what it provided. ",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Misleading marketing,"I booked a Queen Hilton room, described in Hilton 's app as having a queen bed. At check-in I was offered an upgrade to an executive ROOM for £50 per night which would have a king bed as opposed to the double bed in the room I had booked. There was no 1 at the main reception desk on a busy Friday afternoon at 6 p.m. and so the Hilton honours desk was overloaded.  the wait for my turn was 15 minutes, and I was rushing for a theatre show,  so I didn't spend time disputing the bed size.  Significant misrepresentation though.  Despite it being a 5 star hotel there was no doorman to help with the luggage on arrival, which has to be carried up a number of steps to reach reception.  The room was reasonably sized for London and the breakfast room is lovely,  with a good selection. …",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea at The Waldorf,"Afternoon tea at the waldorf ,a very pleasent experience,professional,courteous and friendly staff. Food was very nice,jam and cream was not really enough for four scones though but overall we both had a great time .",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic London Hotel,"Stayed here a few years ago before the refurbishment which is now evident throughout the hotel. Great location next door to theatre land and the Strand...I recently lost my Diamond HH status after 15years so now have to pay for any upgrades / access to exec floor & lounge. Gave it a try after paying cash and points for the original room received a £60 upgrade, £120 for a night in a London hotel is pretty good! Room on 7th floor very good and excellent size and a really good art deco style bathroom. Exec lounge is not that big and evening cocktails / breakfast a bit of a lottery in finding a table...nicely decorated though. Friendly staff all round, only hiatus was when I asked to use the exec lounge for a couple of hours after checkout as I had a late start to the airport...as a…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We have just spent two nights at this hotel as I we were going to the theatre next door. On arrival we were offered an upgrade at a reduced cost. We accepted and were given a huge room overlooking the Aldwych and we also had access to the executive lounge. The one downside was the room was an accessible room. The only way this mattered was the fact it did not have a bath, shame, as after a day walking a laze in the bath is essential!  The executive lounge gave us breakfast, not a great choice but adequate. It had coffee, tea etc all day. At 3pm there was afternoon tea, sandwiches and cakes. 6pm it is canopies and alcoholic beverages until 8.30pm. The upgrade was worth it!  The hotel is ideal for theatre land, Covent Garden and not far from the city.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not what was expected from the ""Waldorf"" name","As a diamond Hilton Member, before I go any further I should say my wife and I picked this Hotel to visit London for a weekend on Hilton Points, so I didn't pay for the room. HOWEVER, I often get free upgrade rooms as a Diamond member, in this Hotel ( probably due to capacity ) - I had to pay (GBP 60 per night ) for an upgrade to a King Executive Room. The room was OK, but I have had better, the bathroom was a good size and had features my wife notices like enough towels / hook to hang things on etc.. She was surprised to see that the Waldorf still uses that same bathroom gels etc.. as the cheapest of Hiltons, she had expected something better than the Orange goo you get everywhere !   As to the breakfast and lounge facilties - I think leaves a bit to be desired is the summary.…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Gym and Fine Business Lounge","It was my first saty at this property. Great location just a few min walk from Covent Garden, excelent Gym (LA Fitness full size and well equiped proper gym), nice buisness lounge and very good service. As HHonors Diamond member i was up gradd to an executive room which was well equiped and very nice. no doubt will visit again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed.,"We were really looking forward to staying at the Waldorf but we're left disappointed. The location is great, very good for Covent Garden and the Embankment but that was pretty much all of the positives I could find. The staff on the whole were indifferent at best and rude at worse. Our room was the smallest I've ever stayed in in London with no bath ( but a good large shower). The gym was well equipped and the pool good though small. We were however made to feel like second class by the receptionist who made it clear that it was a members gym and that members took priority. The first and only drinks I bought were two halves of lime soda which normally costs pence or at the most a few pounds. We were charged £9 with no ice or slice. The worst part by far was the breakfast. We…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"This hotel is awesome. Staff go beyond the call of duty to ensure you are well catered for. Exceptionally friendly, polite this all added to the outstanding experience we had. Room was lovely, bed was huge and so comfy. Facilities such as a pool, very well kitted out gym and food that was top class. I could not want anything else other than wished I could have stayed longer there. Very well done to the management of the Waldorf-Hilton and all that work there. Brilliant :)",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Terrible service, poor value for money","the hotel has a good location and nice decoration but it is completely understaffed and when you can get hold of someone, they are totally inefficient. We had to wait for ages in the empty bar before somebody attended us. in the afternoon, we were told that you had to order afternoon tea in advance although it is advertised everywhere... The gym is outsourced and the staff is totally unfriendly Considering the rates charged, the lack of service is simply outrageous.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Stay,"The hotel is very nice.  The location is really good.  Hop-on-Hop off bus nearby.  The staff from the bell-hop, reception staff to the cleaning staff were all superb.  The concierge gave us the best recommendations on what to do, see and where to eat.    Highly recommend this hotel.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Stay,"We came here for our anniversary, the hotel is very beautiful and the location is fantastic as we went to watch the Lion King so could walk to the Theater in a matter of minutes.   We are Diamond members so got a very nice welcome by the front of house manager and also got a room upgrade for free.   When we got to our room we was welcomed by a beautiful chocolate anniversary cake. Such a nice touch by the hotel and made a really good first impression.   The room was massive and very beautiful, we even had a walk in wardrobe brilliant for a central London Hotel.   We loved the hotel and will be staying here again very soon we loved it. Thank you",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but a little of a lottery,High depending on the room you may end up having at check in. Some are ridiculously small and strangely arranged while some are awesome. Breakfast is very very good with typical London service which could be sometimes too present and obsequious. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dire,"Diabolical service, room was minuscule and not clean (public hair in the bath when we arrived is not good). The indoor pool has cracked tiles, is dark and dirty and to be honest, I felt it a health hazard. Never ever again. Location is the only positive this place has.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a winner,Stay in business annually and it is always a delight. We only wish we could stay longer. The rooms are always clean and the staff friendly and helpful. There is a good selection at breakfast. We will see you again. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Feel good factor,"Great hotel .Great location , Great staff, Great rooms. Surely you need no more ?? The entrance to the Hotel is unfortunately on a busy bus root , with the bus stops being next to the entrance. however the location cancels this niggle , because once inside a new world opens up",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exquisitive hotel,"We always stay here when we visit London. The hotel is very nice, each room we have had unique, with old world charm. The service is fantastic, very friendly. Staff anticipates your needs and takes the time to know you. The executive lounge is wonderful, serving breakfast, afternoon tea and canapés at night. The concierges help to fulfill most any request. Occasionally the maids forget a routine item but always bring it when requested. The location is superb, near Covent Garden, theatre district and Trafalgar Square and other major sites. A great place to stay!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"fantastic location, friendly staff.",lovely hotel with excellent staff who were very friendly and attentive.We upgraded to an executive room which gave access to the executive lounge which was a bit of a disappointment the breakfast offered was very limited and the cooked breakfast was cold both days.. The afternoon tea was  also limited and not up to a standard you would expect from a tea at the Waldorf. The room was spotless and well presented. The hotel is fantastically located for Covent garden and the theatres nearby,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay at the Waldorf,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel for her birthday - we are both members of the hotel Premier Club and it is one of the best things we have done. The staff were very friendly (especially Sunny from the concierge staff), the room was excellent, and the dinner was top notch - we would recommend it!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely!!!,"Stayed here in November 2011, going at Christmas time is beautiful and such a lovely atmosphere..   Rooms are spacious and this hotel is right next to theatre land, bars, restaurants and shops!! perfect if you want to watch a show! We booked with a theatre company and got a brilliant deal.   Worth a visit!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,The hotel is exquisite and the staff treat you like royalty. We stayed here on our wedding night as it was a special occasion. Wish we could of stayed longer as we didn't get to make use of all the facilities. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Relaxing cocktails near to Covent Garden,"On the way to see a show in Covent Garden we were too early.  Shops had closed and so we popped into the Waldorf. Great idea because we stopped in the bar /lounge for a relaxing drink to kill some time. We enjoyed  cocktails. Others around us were enjoying coffee/tea, some had drinks similar to us and bar snacks. No one was being rushed. Overall it was relaxing, ""cool"" and unpretentious.   ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't waist your money! Not worth a cent. Believe me so many other places around to have a enjoyable experience.,The disappointment we have in Hilton with this stay will definitely keep us from staying again! Room was dirty. Service was horrible. Staff had no knowledge or resources to find out information. We paid for dinner and breakfast had to argue the point and then the staff would not even provide us with the details. I believed in Hilton till this stay.,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay At Waldorf Hilton London,"The Reservations, Front Office and Concierge were  not merely competent and courteous , but genuinely caring and efficient in short simply excellent.  My request to Concierge to arrange for a reload of my mobile SIM was met and executed with speed and a smile.   Restaurent bookings at short notice was effectively executed.  Phone reservations with the Hotel Directly were superbly handled , not so out source provider - so book directly with the Hotel during UK working hours    Comfortable Rooms , Charming Building , Nice Bar , extensive Breakfast array.  Fabulous location",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Champagne Lifestyle on a lemonade Salary!,"I surprised my wife to celebrate her birthday at the Waldorf Hilton and we felt we were part of the rich and famous for one day!  I had already spoke to the hotel in advance and she was given a complimentary birthday cake, organised champagne in the room -  everyone seemed to know it was her birthday and she was made to feel extra special! Which worked!  Great hotel in a great location, great staff and nothing seemed to be a problem! Great weekend, only downside is the bill at the end of the visit...",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service at the Waldorf Hilton,"My wife and I spent 2 days at the Waldorf HILTON , the hotel location is brilliant for the sights of London and I particular the Theatre with so many available in walking distance , no need for the horrible traffic jams ! Hotel room was really good but the service and pleasant attitudes of the staff were the highlight , nothing too much trouble and very welcoming !",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comment on six night stay,"Very happy with my first stay at the Waldorf Hilton. Very good location. But the stand out was the friendly, helpful, professional and competent staff. Check in, check out arrangements, support from porters and concierge staff were exceptional. Just one example - I asked if a rubber mat could be put in the bath to avoid slipping while showering. Apparently not a standard inclusion....but a brand new mat was delivered within the hour!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lowere expectations required.,So excited as part of the coach trip was to stay over night at the iconic Waldorf Hotel. On arrival no porters to help with luggage. We unintentionally blocked the pavement trying to get to our cases. Inside we made a long line up the steps inside as we had to sign for our rooms. Suddenly staff arrived telling us all to put our cases at the top of the stairs together as we were blocking the stairs. (the other side was clear.) Then it was decided we were b locking the reception desk so had to follow a member of staff to a small side table to proceed. I felt even though the hotel itself accepts coach trips some staff were not as accepting of this. Once in the room which was spacious and  wonderful I thought well now to enjoy London. I went into the wonderful bathroom and low and…,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"5 Star Staff, 5 Star Hotel","As a special treat for myself and daughter I arranged theatre tickets for Funny Girl starring Sheridan Smith (amazing performer and fabulous show) and as I have always wanted to stay at the Waldorf I  booked us into the Hotel for an overnight stay and we had a thoroughly enjoyable time in a lovely room.  As a disabled traveller I was thrilled at how helpful the Staff were from the gentleman who met us on arrival, took the suitcases and escorted us to our room. Indeed every member of Staff that we met went out of there way to help us.  Breakfast at the Waldorf was fab, we did not have anything from the hot food buffet but it looked scrumptious and the early pre theatre dinner that we enjoyed was equally delicious and I sincerely hope that we can stay at the Waldorf again soon. …",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in a great location,"This is a great hotel in a very good area, close to the theatre, shopping and restaurant precinct.  The hotel is not overly large so staff retain that personal touch .    We had a junior suite which was very large and very comfortable.  The room looked over Aldwych which was pleasant.  The hotel style still retains much of the 1920 - 1960 charm to the degree that is is worth visiting the hotel to admire the decor alone.    We did not eat at the restaurants other than breakfast and canapés in the Executive lounge.  Why didn't I give this hotel an excellent rating is due to a number of factors including:  - The value of canapés, drinks and breakfast in the executive lounge was not up to scratch in comparison to other 5 star hotels. - Our room access key had to be re-programmed on…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Going above & beyond,"The stay - excellent - having a hotel representative drive a colleague's passport to Heathrow when it was accidentally left behind so he could make his flight - priceless!  The facility is well maintained with lots of luxuries like towel heater bar and lighting controls.  Location, excellent for theatre, Covent Garden and walkable to London Eye, Big Ben, Trafalgar.  But the service as you can tell is why I rave.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Class staff ,We enjoyed a wonderful five nights at the Waldorf Hilton London recently. Each staff member was first class!  The room was quiet and comfortable and clean. The location was great- easy access to trains and buses and so much within a walkable distance.  Great place to stay if you are looking for a very nice hotel in theater district. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great expectations, sad disappointment","On a one night visit to London we decided to try this hotel because of its position and apparent historic reputation. We were to be disappointed. There's plenty of good parts - the service is impeccable, the room although small was very clean with a modern bathroom and shower and course it's next to Covent Garden. But it is a hotel that lives by its past glories than the present reality. Firstly it is overpriced. Even at a special deal price of £260 is expensive compared with other hotels fairly nearby. But the biggest let down was breakfast. At £22  it's expensive but far worse than that it was a buffet breakfast using poor ingredients. I have eaten better in basic chain hotels. You have to cook your toast; the bacon was undercooked, cheap sausages and insipid scrambled eggs.…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, Great Location, Great Stay!!","I emailed the hotel that my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary, and Adrian Rodriquez responded that we would be upgraded and that they would do everything to make sure we enjoyed our stay.  They did it!  We were given a lovely room and guest services sent us cake and a bottle of Prosecco.  The hotel is centrally located near underground stations, and many buses stop in front or nearby.  There are several theatres within a block or two of the hotel.  Covent Gardens is close by, and it is a short walk or bus ride to Waterloo station for excursions out of London.  We have to say that our stay at the Waldorf Hilton exceeded our expectations.  We plan to stay here again when we return to London.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf West End,"This is our 2nd visit to this hotel & very pleased. They upgraded us to a mini suite, room 505. We own at NY Hilton club so maybe that's why. Breakfast was fabulous ( hot & gold) which we chose as gold level Hilton. They even made me an omelette- included at no charge. Amenities are great w razor, toothbrush, nail file, etc. Room  has microwave & space in fridge & coffee pot. Tea, coffee & biscuits provided along w water bottles. Fab location for theater, Covent gardens, Piccadilly, regent street, etc. Went to hamleys toy store on regent street -- better than Fao Schwartz of years past but was pricey. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, comfortable room",Comfy but small room (this is london).  The room was  pleasant and clean. It was aldo very quiet which was a nice surprise. We stayed here to attend a party in London and it was perfect for our needs. I would reccomed.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasent stay,"We returned to the Waldorf for 3 nights last week. We had stayed there for 2 nights in January and decided to return for our anniversary end of April. As  hhonors gold card holders we were upgraded to an executive room and the hotel had a bottle of champagne waiting for us on arrival which was much appreciated. The hotel is in a superb position 5 mins from Covent Garden and within walking distance of many Theatres and points of interest. The room we had was very comfortable ,clean and quiet. The room we had in January was a standard double which again was very comfortable etc though one might consider it a tad on the small side. There are many eateries in the immediate vicinity but we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant on the first night. The food was good (steak and fish)…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sad place!,"When you book a 5 star hotel that has 'Hilton' and 'Waldorf' in it's name, then you expect something special. Well, in London you get something special. When you arrive before 3 pm, the front desk might take care of your luggage and sends you away because room might not be ready. The rooms are rather small and old. The kingsize bed was built from two single beds on wheels. A collegue got a room without any window!! And finally I never had to wait 15 minutes in line to get into the breakfast room. No joke! Breakfast was very good though. Wifi should be free, but wasn't.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Waldorf,"This hotel is very comfortable with very helpful and friendly staff. Being located near Covent Garden and the Strand there are plenty of good restaurants and bars to enjoy, access to theatres, Only a few minutes walk to Trafalgar Square and 2 tube stations.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay,"Wow, what a hotel, not cheap but very plush. We arrived to find our room had been upgraded and was superb. A Hugh bathroom with double sinks, volume control for the to, nice toiletries plenty of towels, a king size bed, mini bar and tea and coffee making equipment, an iron and board, gowns with slippers, and hairdryer . Breakfast was included which had a good choice of fruit, cooked items, cereals, and bread selection. The hotel is close to Covent Garden and all theatres.The service was lovely. Will be going back",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good spot to stay,Very nice and clean hotel. If you need longer than 5 minutes for the check in your breakfast costs will reduce from 22 to 16 pounds. The room is big and the bathroom has a tub and a crazy mechanism for the shower. You can see it in the attached picture. The location is grate and lot of busses depart right in front of the hotel. On the room you find complementary tea and coffee.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,celebration weekend,"Disappointed after such excitement and good reviews, door staff excellent and one trainee gentleman behind reception but all other staff, restaurant, gym and waitress all speak very little English. couldn't find the pool and asked two members of staff and niether understood.  my husband asked if we could upgrade to a better room as it was my birthday and our wedding anniversary the receptionist said she had a perfect room with a window overlooking the front of the hotel with large shower. He paid the £100.00 and we went out to our show, came back to the room and was appalled, the window opened to a brick wall, no large shower. complainted and £100 was refunded but by the time we realised it and got back to the room it was too late to move us. I like to sleep with a window open…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"We attended a 1 day business event at the Waldorf and were treated to excellent service and food; light breakfast, coffee breaks and lunch all had really fresh and incredibly tasty food. The location is superb with great access to the tube, Covent Garden and theatres and my only small criticism would be that the gents toilets were a little tired and dated with a utility cover missing its lock and hanging open.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel stay!,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for a four night stay at the end of March 2016.  Upon our arrival, we learned both of our rooms had been upgraded, which was a lovely and very much appreciated surprise.  Both rooms were large, clean, and very nicely decorated.  All of the staff was very friendly, greeting us each and every time they saw us. The concierge team was extremely helpful, and gave us several excellent dinner recommendations during our stay. The Executive Lounge was had a nice selection of food and drinks, and was a nice place to relax after a long day of sightseeing. The hotel is located near many sights, restaurants, and shops, all within walking distance.  We absolutely cannot recommend this wonderful hotel enough! Hope to get a chance to return some day.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,Convenient location - very close to multiple tube stations. Clean hotel and very nicely maintained. Very friendly and helpful staff who are always eager to assist you. Only ate breakfast at the hotel but very good quality food and good value.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Faultless,"We always use the Waldorf when we stay in London, having had a bad previous experience this hadn't put as off as things can go wrong sometimes, however this time everything was 110%.  From booking with Megan, pre arrival communications with Scott, Ferooz and Argryo for some difficult requests I can honestly say that everyone did there best to make our stay comfortable and effort less. I highly recommend this hotel for location and more importantly the amazing personal service. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great but some minor niggles,Internet is terrible! Too slow or not at all! 4 of us in a suite yet there wasn't 4 cups/glasses etc.  complained and resolved.  Never did get the Internet though and no phone signal at all.  Exec lounge was a plus with free drinks and nibbles.   ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Used points for inexpensive room.  The location, if you are in London for theatre, is as good as you can get.  The hotel is clean, the front desk friendly, and the water pressure good in the shower/tub.  I think it is above average, so I hesitated between three and four starts.  Couldn't get breakfast because it was too crowded.  In the past when I had diamond, I stayed in upgrade and that was special and the club was nice... but we were not willing to pay last trip for the upgrades.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip and sightseeing,"We have stayed in a few hotels in London and I would say the hotel is generally well run. The welcome was very nice and no wait time which was nice. The room was a typical Hilton room, it was clean, comfortable and quiet. It was a bit clinical though but no complaints. Breakfast again was in grand Hilton style but the hot food was far from hot and plates cold. I don't know what it is with me but I hate those giant toasters that conveyance the bread through and you either have to Insert the bread again or end up with cremated toast! Please bring the toast to the table with tea and coffee like the good old days. For the price you can get far better rooms in London but the location is fine for theatre land. All in all pretty good. Will I stay again, maybe. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, efficient and attentive staff.","Three friends and I stayed for one night earlier this month as part of a leisure trip. The hotel is very clean and customer service is excellent. We received a phone call to check that everything was ok with the room and, since one of our party was celebrating a Birthday, a complimentary bottle of wine awaited our return late afternoon. I can't comment on the food since we did not eat there, but I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,"Classic hotel,very close to theatre land.excellent breakfast.friendly staff.parts of the hotel looking a bit tired.However excellent location and very close to London transportation.Covent garden is very close as well as Trafalgar Square and Whitehall",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You'll feel looked after,"A great hotel in a great location. The staff really looked after us. For example, we got back to our room and there was a message on the answer phone asking us if everything was ok. I mean which hotel does this?  We stayed in an exec room and it has perks such as access to the exec lounge.  We also had afternoon tea there and once again the service was faultless.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No better than Premier Inn,"My wife and I stayed as part of a business group and was disappointed with the bland room as we'd stayed years ago and had memories of a lush, warm and comfortable room. Instead we had a plain white no decorations or lavish curtains. Just plain and dull.  Breakfast was a joke and at £17 was a disgrace. After waiting 15mins in a long queue to be seated, only to find no plates and little good out on the buffet. Even the Egg Man was getting frustrated as he'd run out of ingredients and there were no staff around to help. Even after we complained, plates and food took ages to come and we saw other guests complaining as we left.  They know how many guests stay and should be prepared for them at breakfast during the popular 8-9am times.  I won't be visiting them again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not good for premium Hotel,We stayed on official Business to Westminster but were very dissapointed with the upgraded business suite as we had someone elses dirty laundry in the wardrobe one slipper for two of us one used bath towel then the Air conditioning heating packed up in the room and was moved at 1in the morning to another room so our treat to each other was very disappointing we have stayed in many Hotels in our time whilst in our official Business and pleasure and this didn't meet the mark.when we went for afternoon tea in the business suite we waited over 40 mins for tea and coffee while the machine was being fixed obviously only got one coffee machine in a big Hotel? On exiting got our payments wrong and asked if someone could get us a Taxi High grade Hotel? If you stand outside and shout for…,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Stayed here for my birthday weekend, Great hotel, good central position for all the London attractions, room wasn't ready when arrived but the gave us a represent drink at the bar, a special mention for housekeeping the room was spotless & sorted an extra bed & towels for us 👍🏼",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Managed to get a secret deal to the Waldorf in March 2016. Its location is perfect for a theatre trip, several within a few minutes walk.  Lovely 'old fashioned' hotel with traditional doorman. Took a while to check in but there was a family trying to get 7 people into a bedroom for 4! And of course we just got there after they started to confuse the poor receptionist.   We didn't use the restaurant or bar, it really was a landing place before exploring and theatre on the night, Kinky Boots, on the Strand - hilarious!  The room was nice, not massive but the time you spend in there it doesn't need to be. Nice modern bathroom, all clean and tidy.  My husband went to the swimming pool to find out he only had 10 minutes as it closed at 5pm, he made the most of his 10 minutes but…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, location, friendly hotel","Stayed in the Waldorf over the weekend of the London Marathon.  I have to say all the staff in the hotel are fantastic, very friendly and helpful.  The hotel is right in the heart of theatre district so an ideal location. Although the rooms are small, as with most London hotels, they are very comfortable, and well styled.  Service in the restaurants was good, as was the standard of the food.  Although we did only have breakfast, as we ate out the rest of the time.  All in all a great hotel, where we will stay again.  Made by the helpfulness and friendliness of the staff.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treat for mum! ,"From the outside it looks amazing. The guys in their bowler hats just finished it off for me.   Very helpful staff and service.   The room albeit small was all we needed. Just a treat to say you've stayed at the Waldorf.   Just a few things...my lamp at my bedside didn't work, the bottle opener was broken and you needed to take a mortgage out to be able to enjoy the mini bar.   The breakfast was not much cop. Anaemic bacon and mushrooms etc and I only really enjoyed the latte.   Nice and close to Covent Garden for an evening meal. Please do not try to eat at waldorfs restaurant homage !! See my other review for this!  ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service....great location....definitely go back!,"Although we did upgrade (regular room was very tight)....our experience was excellent!   The extra fee for the upgrade was pricey (75 pounds)...but it included the executive room which provided us with breakfast, tea, happy hour...so it really was worth it for my husband and I.  And the room was a bit of an en suite...which for an entire week long trip...made it worthwhile.   Everyone was SO helpful no matter what the request...which is not the case very often anymore!   Loved being so close to so many restaurants...and the tube.  We love walking in the city...and this seemed to be in the middle of everything.   Definitely recommend!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really pleasant.  ,Booked last minute.   Iconic hotel.  Excellent location really handy good transport buses taxis tube.  Very clean   Great value for money. Friendly and helpful staff.  Excellent breakfast.  I would judge this at the lower end of 5 * but we didn't pay 5* prices.    My only comment would be stricter about dress code at Good Godfreys. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tea dance,"Took my wife to a tea dance at the Waldorf hotel. First one we have been too. Was very good and we will go again. Music was top class, although our dancing wasn't. Plenty of couples making the effort to dance and were mixed abilities. Certainly didn't put us off giving it our best. Service was excellent and there was a little dance show put on by a couple of girls to the Charlston. Excellent. They also gave us all a lesson in how to do the steps which was good fun. The tea itself is not the best we have had, but then we have been spoilt with the Savoy and Claridges and the music and dancing more than made up for it which is what we went for anyway.   Highly recommend giving it a try but would suggest you learn some basic dance steps first and have a little practice.  We also…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It was just ok,"there's a certain expectation you have when you see the name Waldorf.  Sadly this hotel was just average.  Nothing grand or above and beyond.  nothing egregious to note, no horrible disgusting issues or slack service (except the lobby bar).  the lobby bar service was just awful - in an hour and a half my husband and I manged to get exactly 1 drink and had to beg or our check.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for family vacation,We recently returned from London on a family vacation and very much enjoyed this hotel.  The location can't be beat especially if you are seeing shows and the staff were extremely helpful from the front desk manager to the concierges to the door man.  We will be staying at this hotel again when we return to London. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Central London Hotel,"When we come to London for theatre and shopping, we always stay here.  It's walking distance to most theatres, there are restaurants galore just around the corner, the river and tube stations are nearby.  Busses and taxis outside the door!  Splash out and get an Executive Room that gives you access to the Executive Lounge.  Fabulous and so easy.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Delightful Old World Charm Hilton,"What a breadth of fresh air when I checked my family into a club room at this Hilton that is literally right smack amongst the theatres in the Aldwych area.  We were pleasant surprised by the large and very tastefully adorned old world charm Club Room. The executive lounge was one of the better ones compared to than some other club lounges in London hotels we have stayed in before. The location was impeccable. The Hotel was charming. The only real let down is that there is no on site parking. This may pose a problem for those planning on parking their rentals which incidentally has always been a pre-requisite for our family.  A taxi line is just on the road outside the Hotel entrance. Getting a taxi is instant.  Parking issues aside, I highly recommend this charming City Hilton…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old Fashioned Elegance,"This was a treat for me from my husband for my birthday, and a treat it really was. I felt I was stepping back in time, but modernity was given its place. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Our bedroom on the 6th floor was spacious and the bed equally so and very comfortable. I wonder if we had been upgraded as there had been some delay in availability of the room after check in. We both appreciated the location too as the Royal Opera House was just round the corner and we had a major treat in store there too. Continental breakfast was delicious.  It was quite pricey, but all things considered it was worth it.  This is central London after all. I was sorry the pool did not open till 10  am at weekends. I wonder why. However that was only a niggle. I would be…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stunning Old Building Gradually Getting Refurbished,"What an amazing old beauty this is! Its has an 1920's style tea room (with traditional sunken dance floor) in the middle of the dining lounge and is set to challenge the best of the vintage hotels of yesteryear.  The underground pool has an awesome ambiance (but sadly not enough investment has been ploughed into it - at least when i stayed last autumn) but that said it WILL BE incredible with its Roman feel and total quiet (virtually impossible to hear ANYTHING) so much so that you almost doubt you're even in London at all! OMG, when this catches on...  Gladly the rooms are super modern with high power AC and all the mod-cons and very well kept (they rushed in to change sheets when we ducked out for a days shopping etc). Room smelled fresh and crisp which is some going for one…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice place and central,"Stayed here for a night as we were seeing a show locally. It is a nice hotel, we had a junior suite (really just a room with a desperate seeing area but well worth it as it wasn't much more than a basic room) which had the advantage of access to the executive lounge (press E in the lift) this turned out to be a great and quiet place to get breakfast - there isn't a massive amount of choice but this is more than offset by how quiet it is.  As it was just a flying visit we didn't get to try the health club but we will be back so will try it then.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Complicated Bed, Shower and Breakfast","Whilst there is nothing wrong with this hotel apart from the cost everything is far too complicated. The bed was easy to get into but I had to do this a number of times because the number of light switches was so great it was impossible to work out how to turn all the lights of from the bed. The shower control required me to get my glasses so I could see the writing on the controls before I get any water out.  The big disappointment was breakfast, it was very expensive and there was no black pudding, baked beans or smoked salmon (and the ketchup was hard find).  In summary everything only OK and I really wanted great. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,beautiful hotel with old fashioned service,"Stay here most times we are in London, beautiful old hotel with loads of character, helpful reception and brilliant concierge. Rooms are well furnished with excellent beds and quilts although for me the pillows were far too soft (I am sure they could of been changed) The whole place has an ambience the new hotels sadly lack.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lion king weekend,Great stay at the waldorf for my delayed Christmas present. Staff was great got a room update early checkin . Room was fab me and my daughter went was a luxurious night away .  Breakfast was amazing we didn't no we're to start first ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A wonderful hotel,"I stayed here for a week long business trip and was very happy with my stay. The hotel and room was gorgeous, the food was excellent, but best of all was the location - right in the heart of theatre land on the corner of Covent Garden. Lots of opportunity to shop and see shows after work - perfect! ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,superb location,"Location is the selling point, minutes from the restaurants and bars of Covent Garden, short walk to Trafalgar Square, galleries and theatres and to the Thames embankment. The room we had was discounted by lastminute site, so may not be typical. Compact but clean and well maintained, with complementary water and tea-making, unlike another 5 star in London we recently stayed at. The reception is small and a little shabby for this level, but all the staff were friendly and efficient. The bar is small, but cosy, with great cocktails. There is an integral LA Fitness with gym and pool for guests.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"The rooms aren't the biggest but they are clean and comfortable. The location is amazing, just a few minutes walk from Covent Garden. As per most hotels the mini bar is a bit pricey but we visit as regular as we can and will always recommend.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't book a standard room - or check others nearby.,"Do your homework before booking this hotel - and I say that as a long term loyal guest. Many rooms are tiny and certainly not worth the money charged. You need to be booking an ""executive"" room or higher (ideally a Junior Suite) to have a room of the standard and size you'd expect for the price paid. 300-400 for a tiny standard room is overpriced, when you consider you can get a room at the Savoy (a much more famous and higher end hotel) for the same price. Exec rooms can be 400-600 pounds a night - at that rate, consider the One Aldwych, Me, or Savoy or the Firmdale Hotel chain all nearby and in equally good locations.   Do not book a standard/superior or even Deluxe room - they can be VERY small (think Paris size) and there is better value elsewhere, by a long way. Even when…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location,  elegance & service","Very impressed by the grandeur of this hotel, right in the middle of the exciting theatre district. After a welcoming entrance by the doorman & porter I was able to relax over a pleasant continental buffet in the breakfast room. The choices were excellent & well presented with stylish ambience & polished staff service. Room furnishings were modern & fashionable, however be sure to ask for a non smoking room if that is your preference (we were initially put in a smoking room which was very smoky!).  The comfortable bed & quality curtains enabled me to recover from jet lag before refreshing in the spacious, well appointed bathroom with plush towels. I enjoyed using the tea making facilities,  however the staff didn't seem to understand the difference between green tea & peppermint…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,birthday treat,"My stay here was excellent, everything I had hoped for. Would certainly stay again.  Would recommend to anyone wanting to sample the good life. Close to theatres and covent garden, lovely restaurants nearby and taxis outside the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just popped in for a cocktail - wish I had booked a room...!,"We popped in for a cocktail on Saturday evening, so didn't stay.  However, based on the service in the Lounge and the ambiance I will stay here next time I'm in London.  Service was excellent, drinks menu was excellent and the surrounding were excellent.  We will be back...",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay,This hotel is in an excellent position and we always look forward to our return. It's a home from home for us. The staff are always so friendly and welcoming. The breakfast experience was not as good as usual. Why keep hash browns in a container that makes them soggy! ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,If you stay here I genuinely cannot believe you won't be impressed by both the hotel and the very courteous staff. Ideally located for theatre land and minutes away from the Covent Garden tube station enabling ease of travel all across London.   ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great staff !,"This was my second stay at this hotel. Came to London on a birthday trip for my granddaughter.Location is great for touring and the staff were excellent. I would like to point out that Heather Welsh, Maria Bosnyak, and Hannah did a wonderful job in the executive lounge. There was an issue( that I will not go into in detail) in the executive lounge which could have proved disastrous for the hotel( that was approved by a recently promoted person who made the wrong decision)if not handled very professionally  by Ferooz Yaqubi. Thank you Ferooz  for taking the time to address this issue to myself and wife. As other have mentioned the hotel could use some sprucing up. Some of the furnishing are showing wear and stains and there is a bad stain in the executive lounge on the wall…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Girls night out,Went with three friends and had a fantastic time. Booked through book a table and had a brilliant deal would recommend this to anyone. The staff were lovely. The only problem was the floor as you could feel the movement when people walked passed my table but I soon got use to this. Next time I will go back with my husband. ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in a Great Location!,I've stayed here a couple of times and both were very good. I've stayed in a few Waldorfs and this one lives up to the name. The location is excellent and the rooms very nice. I wouldn't say luxurious but nice nonetheless. The bar is good and the cocktails excellent.  Service is excellent including the doormen who are very helpful.   Definitely worth a stay when visiting the west end!  5 stars for the Waldorf!,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, perfect location","Recently our family treated us to an overnight stay here as we were visiting London to see ""Boris Godonov"" at the  Royal  Opera House, Covent Garden. From the minute we arrived until we left next day, the friendly staff made sure our visit was a memorable one. The room was unusually large for a London Hotel (I've stayed in bedrooms smaller than the bathroom)  extremely comfortable and well equipped. The only negative was that the water in the shower was only lukewarm. But when we made the receptionist aware of this he immediately made a note to have it checked before the next guests arrived. I certainly would love to return to the Waldorf for a longer visit.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel in Heart of London,"Very classy hotel right in the heart of London. It is a perfect location in Covent Garden that is walking distance to almost everything in the city. The gym at the hotel in INCREDIBLE. It's basically a real fitness facility that hotel guests get access to. The rooms are a little small, but they are quaint and have more history to them.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, friendly and welcoming","Booked this hotel due to the location, easy walking distance or most areas.  Reception staff were friendly and those at the door helpful.  As an HHonors member it was easy to check in, I was offered an alternate room to the one I booked, which was fine.  The room itself was cosy, comfortable and clean.  The only issue with the room was the TV, as it is digital, when I had it on a channel within a few minutes it just returned to the welcome screen, got a bit annoying but since i wasn't going to be spending ages watching it, it was manageable, but does need looking at.  The bar was nice and the staff again very helpful.  Great choice for breakfast as well and once again all friendly.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"After a poor experience in an another Hilton hotel, this was offered to me.  Everything was much improved and I have no complaints at all.  Excellent service whether at reception, the bar or at breakfast.  Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""Make it Right ?""","We Stayed at this hotel for Easter 2016 we booked a suite and an adjoining room for the children.The suite was very nice just what we expected for a Hilton hotel. We were told on arrival any problems just tell reception and they would 'make it right'.  After a lovely day sightseeing and visiting the British museum we decided to relax in our suite and hire a family movie, however the pay TV did not work. We informed reception who sent a repair man to our room, after half an hour he said he couldn't get it fixed that evening and left us with no tv at all. The next day we went shopping and to see a show, when we arrived back at our room we were surprised to find it had still not been fixed.  On the Sunday we checked out told reception about our disappointment and were told to Email…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bon hotel Covent Gardens,"service is good and the rooms themselves are really nice; very central so easy to get around and the concierge is terrific. Only problem sometimes is the entrance to hotel: need to go up some stairs and when the hotel is crowded, the stairs are covered with people",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, warm service and a glamourous hotel","This iconic hotel is a short walk to Covent garden, and lots of theatre. The room was small as I guess most London rooms are, but it was clean and chic. Warm service, and a lovely downstairs bar. I would return for sure.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rather Disappointing Room,"Beautiful hotel and exceptionally attentive staff but room quality and cleanliness left quite a lot to be desired. This may have been a one-off and I have had great previous experiences with Hilton's in the past so will return to the brand although probably not his hotel even though it has a fabulous location, and looks amazing from outside and in the foyer/lobby.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome location and Amazing Staff!,"Stayed at the Waldorf London for four (4) days on vacation in London. Thoroughly enjoyed the warmth of the hotel and maintains the classic and traditional ""British"" feel.  1) Hotel staff are amazing and spectacular!!! Their service was much appreciated and I must make special mention of a few staff to look out for!   Constantin - This guy is their ""gold standard"" of servers at the restaurant and breakfast buffet. Totally professional, efficient and welcoming. Top notch service and experience! Special shout out to the guy at the omlette station! He is always smiling and more than willing to cook up delicious omlettes.   Lourdes, Daniel Ayala, Rita and Discartes I think - Front Desk  Reception was very friendly.   Amazingly enough, Guest Services personnel, Vanessa, was always…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic London Feel in the Theater District,"I've stayed at the Waldorf a number of times - it's one of those classic London hotels. Beautiful building, staff with top hats, biscuits and tea in the afternoon, etc. It's right in the middle of the theater district, just off the Strand and very close to the river. Walking distance to many things and easy to get a Tube to pretty much anywhere in the city.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, wonderful staff","A one night stay for a show. I didn't use any of the hotel's amenities outside of the room. The staff on check in/out are wonderful. My room (808) didn't have much of a view, but it was quiet and the bed was was wonderfully comfortable - so comfortable that I couldn't be bothered to get up for the breakfast I had paid for!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay!,"Welcoming, helpful, friendly, professional staff. Perfect location regarding shopping, nightlife, landmarks and transport. Clean and spacious rooms. (Especially for London) Would highly recommend and will definitely be returning!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thanks for an amazing weekend,"Well what can I say, myself and my partner felt like we had walked into the set of mr selfridge.Staff so attentive, hotel very luxurious, 1st class service from start to finish. Can't wait to go back!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"Our family stayed at the hotel for a night on Saturday 27th Marh. We had a very good stay. I check in via the app the day before, so I was able to pick my room. When we arrived at the hotel we got upgraded to a larger room, we had a nice street view room 229. This was on the 2nd floor, so not to far to go when a little one. We also had access to an executive lounge witch was lovely. The staff in the lounge were friendly, they could not be more helpful.  We did have a problem with the Wi-Fi. This was free for us as an executive member but would still be nice if we could have used it. We connected file but was so slow it would not load most of the time. If was faster to use my data on my phone.    Would I stay at the hotel again, YES I would.. the staff are friendly, the rooms are…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location - average stay,"Firstly , the good points - location is excellent on the edge of Covent Garden in walking distance of good restaurants and many theaters, our room was very quiet and peaceful (back of the hotel) and the setting for breakfast is lovely.  Otherwise the room was average and on the small side, the reception and check in felt chaotic with people pushing in front asking where to use their afternoon tea vouchers.  Breakfast was not the usual Hilton standard - waited for coffee and after about 10 mins had to ask again - the food was average.  For the price of the rooms here I am sure you could find something just as nice in a similar location.  The concierge staff were very good",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very sad affair,"I booked over the Net.  Three people for Tea. Price £50 per head.  It happened to be Mother's Day.  At the time there was no deal for Mother's Day and I was happy to pay £50 a head for a great tea.  Upon arrival we were given a table. Lovely setting, crockery and silverware, but the table cloth had a couple of holes in it.  There was a menu card on the table for Mother's Day Tea at £35 a head.  I mentioned that I had booked on the Web for the full tea.  That was not now on offer, there was no explanation nor apology.  My Wife and Daughter were happy with that.  Champagne.  Thank you.  We ordered our teas.  Very nice.  Sandwiches.  About a round or so each.  They were dry on the edges.  So, produced earlier which was fine, but please cover them so they don't go crusty.  Not to…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wowcher Afternoon tea,Been for a few afternoon teas in London this has probably got to be the most disappointing.  Staff were pleasant enough but really just going through the motions. I'd advised on booking that I was vegetarian this wasn't even acknowledged. Sparce supply of very ordinary sandwiches and when we asked for more they were brought but waiter looked surprised. Cakes and scones were lovely. Not an extensive tea selection and was not offered a top up. Pleased it was on an offer at full price I'd be extremely disappointed. Needless to say will not go back ,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great all rounder,"Great location for theatre and Covent Garden. Upgraded to executive lounge well worth the money. The service throughout was excellent. Rooms very comfy and quiet, my only small complaint would be the robes and slippers weren't evident but didn't bother to chase them up. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great room in a great location,"Stayed in the Waldorf for the first time in a decade for a weekend treat.  It's a wonderful old building in a great location with bars, restaurants and theatres just minutes away and a few hundred yards from the Thames embankment.  It's busy - we waited a few minutes too long to check in and (get real) we couldn't get a seat in the executive lounge at 6pm for canapés.  The room however was a treat - a great size for London with top notch furniture and fittings.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful room,"Stayed for one night as HH Diamond members, upgraded to a Junior Suite. Cannot fault the room, huge and immaculately clean. Bed very comfortable.  Breakfast was ok. Being HH members, didn't know whether to expect just a continental one in Exec lounge, but wasn't questioned at all in the main restaurant for a full English and poached eggs. Unfortunately they didn't have time to make me a carrot juice. Tables are very close together though.  The exec lounge is really excellent. Highlights  - the lovely scones with jam and cream for the tea duration, and good spirits on a help yourself basis in the evenings.  Service was all very good. Soya milk was prior requested but to no avail. Phoned, and was swiftly sent up to room.  Superb location, would definitely stay again",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and good service ,"What a great hotel with a fantastic location and strong customer service.  From the moment we arrived service was smooth and helpful. We were upgraded to a room with robes and slippers.... A lovely quiet room with a luxurious feel.  Enjoyed the pool and late checkout  Staff were more than helpful with restaurant bookings and felt generally looked after during our stay  If you want to be bear Covent Garden but away from the hustle and noise then this is a good location. Near theatre, restaurants, Somerset house and the radio bar.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful but tiny room,"We stayed here for a Friday Eve in London. The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff were very welcoming on arrival.   Our room was clean but well decorated but it was tiny with a non existent view over escape ladders and kitchen extraction. If we stayed again I'd ask where the location of the room was when booking. For the price and star of the hotel, I'd expect a larger room or at least a choice as it didn't appear busy.   ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A wonderful 5 star stay,"The Waldorf Hilton is a lovely 5 star hotel in the heart of London Town. The elegant, yet understated entrance lobby, provides for a warm and friendly welcome by the staff. The rooms are very tastefully decorated and host a full array of amenities one would ask from a five star establishment. The bed is exceptionally comfortable and the air conditioning works beautifully. The staff are courteous, friendly and helpful and make you feel very welcome. Breakfast was pleasant and of a good quality.   My only slight criticisms are that you needed to request a turndown service, and we were only advised about this upon checkout, and also that there were no cotton buds or any cotton wool in the bathroom. The main breakfast room was a little chaotic and for a 5 star hotel, I would have…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a very good stay,"I stayed at this property! With my family. I'm afraid,very poor service standards.cleanliness poor, poor variety of halal food in executive lounge, doorman was nowhere to be seen, when needed, suite dusty,bell boy kept disappearing had to haul my luggage up the stairs, and saw other guests do the same. Management made aware of my issues, response not satisfactory.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great architecture,"Within easy access of everywhere. Exactly what you would expect. Would recommend, but truthfully, probably not my first choice for a leisure visit. The bar was reasonable for a place of this class and the concierge service was top class.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,wondeful weekend,"we had a great   weekend starting at Harrods,then on to Covent Gardens. then the following day we did shop till we dropped. We stayed in the Waldorf which we found was very convenient for shows shops and sights. The hotel was very welcoming and we were greeted when we arrived and booked in and given details of the hotel. On going into our room we found it to be very nice very light and airy spotless clean, great bathroom full utilities for making a welcome drink. After a brilliant nights sleep in a very comfy bed, we went down to breakfast, this was a buffet style and was hot English and if you didn't want that there was fruit cereal quosants and just about everything you could ask for. Just what we needed to start the new days shopping.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This Hilton lives up to its top billing.,"A friendly greeting from the doorman and a free room upgrade set the scene for an enjoyable stay.   Arriving in the morning we left our bags, made use of the valet parking and headed off for the day. The desk was super busy and the concierge similarly rushed, but no fuss or kerfuffle. When we returned the staff effortlessly gave us our keys and our bags followed soon after.  The room was simple but well appointed, the bed comfortable, the room temperature actually adjusted to a comfortable setting and was not on the common level of sauna when we got there, but comfortably warm and welcoming.   When you stay at Hilton you have an expectation and the Waldorf more than met those and more. A quiet stay in a comfortable room with some space is the perfect retreat after an evening of…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent 5 star hotel in top location,This is a beautiful hotel and my room was large for a central London hotel.  Very nice decoration and what I would expect for a 5 star hotel.  Just beside covent garden so lots of good bars and restaurants near by.  Attended a conference at the hotel also and had great food.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dated - and no benefits for gold members,"Stayed here for one night last week- as I will be spending the next 8 weeks in London on business, wanted to sample a variety of hotels and choose a good one. I am a Hilton gold member - absolutely no additional benefits. No room upgrade, breakfast... Same as with a blue card. The rooms are classic, however I feel there is room for improvement in terms of the decor.  Very friendly staff, both on the door and reception. Fantastic location in Covent Garden. A good hotel - however, I prefer the double trees in London for the more modern facilities (maybe personal preference!) and if you are looking for a classically British elegant hotel, would recommend the Corinthia over here. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in Prime Location,Just stayed at this hotel and it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. Very close to the Covent Garden tube stop and plenty of buses or taxis out front as well. The staff were very friendly and helpful whether it was giving food recommendations or helping with something in the room or for breakfast. The rooms were very spacious and everything was pristine. Would definitely stay here again when in the area. ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Warm and welcoming, but...","Called in at the Waldorf as it was close to the Aldwych Theatre where we were going to see Beautiful - The Carol King Story (which by the way was brilliant).We were cold and went into the bar where it was really toasty. my wife had a glass or two of Pinot Grigio which was excellent and obviously of some quality. I had coffee and an Armagnac (two!). We decided to have something to eat from the bar menu - I chose Chicken Ceasar Salad. Service was on time, but unfortunately the chicken was overcooked and VERY rubbery! I did ""complain"" gently and was offered a replacement, but I did not want to chance it as I did not want to be late for the theatre. IN their kindness the took the chicken off the bill, leaving the salad on it - I did eat the salad afterall!!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent 1 night stay ,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton overnight with a friend for a quick trip trip to London. It is a brilliant location if you want to stay somewhere central to the attractions. Holborn and Covent Garden Tube Stations are about a 7 min walk. It gives easy access to South Bank and the London Eye, very close to Covent Garden and perfect for the theatres. The hotel itself was very clean. We had a basic twin room which was spotless and had a lovely modern bathroom. Considering it is an old building in Central London it was a decent size and recently decorated. It was also warm despite the freezing weather outside. We didn't have a chance to try any of the F&B venues. I would definitely choose to stay again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but not great!,"Great location for Covent Garden and Theatre-land. The staff at Reception were professional and welcoming, with a very smooth check-in.   We stayed for 1 night, in a Deluxe Double Room on the 6th floor and although the room was on the small side (fairly standard for central London) it was clean and quiet but with a tired bathroom and rather hard bed. Breakfast was a huge disappointment!  Maybe we were unlucky, but, a lack of staff mean't that it took a considerable time to place our order.  Not being a fan of the ""buffet breakfast"" we ordered ""a la carte"", which unfortunately was far below average. With so much choice nearby, we both felt that you would be better off spending your money elsewhere!",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We had booked to see a show at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London,"We booked to see the show ""Motown"" in the Shaftesbury Theatre, rang up Hilton, I have a Diamond card, to see which hotel they have that is closest to the theatre and I was informed that it was the Waldorf Hilton, so booked a room. Arrived at the hotel and greeted immediately by a porter who took care of our baggage. we proceded to reception and asked if they could look after our bag and went through the very fast check in procedure, as I had taken advantage of their online booking in. We popped off to meet a friend for lunch in St Chistophers Square and then meandered back to the hotel and picked up our room key. Fillipe on reception informed us that afternoon tea was being served in the executive lounge, so after refreshing our selves we went to the lounge for a lovely tea.…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, staff, and location","I have stayed at this hotel multiple times.  The staff is always very helpful with any requests and also very knowledgeable about activities in London.  The rooms are very nice and the Executive Lounge is large and quiet.  There are many nice restaurants, theatres, and tourist destination within a short walk of the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"Earlier in March, I visited London for the very first time and stayed in Waldorf Hilton for three nights. It turns out to be a wonderful experience. I recommend this hotel without any reservation.  Location:  Waldorf Hilton is located at the heart of London. I can see the London Eye from my room, and can walk down to the Thames in one block. From there, it is minutes of walk to attractions such as London Eye, Big Ben, Downing Street, Westminster Church, Buckingham Palace, etc.   Waldorf Hilton is two blocks away from Covent Market, a famous London shopping and hangout spot, and Covent Market Subway station. It is also located in the heart of London’s theatre district. Mamma Mia was playing right next door, so I went for a little ABBA fever after business wrapped up. It was…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,"Nice hotel, great location, big clean room. the only thing that i don't like about it, thta the late check out was confirmed, but wasn't garantee by hotel. The manager wasn't nice and don't want to help so solv this problem. ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a treat and super convenient,"I've stayed at the Waldorf Hilton so many times. The super convenient location, great breakfast, and attentive staff make this a must visit for London regulars. Theatres, top restaurants, walks on the Thames, all just a step away.  Try an get a room on one of the top floors, they're uniquely decorated.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Food Great Stay,"Great Location, in the heart of London, some of the best food i have had in a long time, the service from all the team was great. I loved the team attitude and well done everyone will be back. thanks to Chef and the management",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short Trip to London,"Hotel is in a great location around the corner from Covent Garden, in the theatre district with good bus and tube connections. The rooms are modern with good facilities -coffee maker etc and windows can be opened to let some air in, many modern hotels unfortunately don't. good concierge service in leaving luggage and providing local info.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great value. Excellent location. Accomodating service.,"The Waldorf Hilton is among the best values for a full-service hotel in Central London.  The rooms are large by London standards.  The location is ideal--in the heart of the Theatre District and within walking distance to Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery and Covent Garden.    Front desk service was impeccable.  I arrived early and Rita found a superb room for me within minutes.  Sunny at the bell desk was especially helpful and refreshingly personable.  All staff seem to enjoy what they do, which for me is typically one of the best indicators of an enjoyable, stress-free stay.   The only disappointment was the onsite restaurant.  The food was excellent, however, the service was painfully slow, inefficient and inattentive for our dinner party of seven. I usually don't…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed!,"Well what can I say.....our expectations were slightly high but was disappointed.. Ideal location for what we wanted, room  was clean but quite small compared to other hotels we have stayed in. Having arrived around lunch time decided to have a bite to eat before we headed out but thought it quite expensive for what we got. Was very disappointed with breakfast the next day, after getting seen to our table we were given a menu to browse should we wish to go for something other than the continental/full English available on the help yourself buffet, this was all well & good but would of been nice if someone had come back to ask us if we wanted to order something from it.... Then after helping ourselves to breakfast we had to find a waiter/waitress to ask if we could have some…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful visit,"Booked this hotel as a birthday present for my husband and it was worth the money and we had a lovely time. We booked in early and they kept our luggage while we went for a walk until we could get into our room. When we were booking in there was a long queue, a member of staff took us to the executive book in room and we got booked in there very quickly and our luggage was brought to our room just minutes after. We had a queen room which was very clean and just what we needed. The bathroom was very big, With sound from the tv and radio if you wanted it on while you had a bath which I enjoyed. Lovely toiletries, bath robes and slippers provided for you in the room, a safe, tea and coffee, an iron and ironing board and a very good tv which had my name on it as I turned it on which…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Balancing work and play,An outstanding property that makes experience in London even more enjoyable   The property inspired the Titanic Ballroom The event we hosted there reflected this The bar was well frequented and busy   I am not sure if the food menus were our choices or the hotels as there was repetition which disappointed ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"We happened across a really good deal on Expedia for this hotel so decided to try it out.  Its in the centre of Aldwych (extremely close to Covent Garden) and conveniently located between 4 tube stations (Temple, Charing Cross, Embankment and Covent Garden).  We were in London on our anniversary trip and the hotel were so nice about it all.  I mentioned to Concierge that it was our ten year anniversary trip and that a cake would be arriving a few weeks before.  When we arrived they not only had managed to put the cake in our room, but also, they had upgraded us :)  This was a lovely touch and much appreciated :)  The location of the hotel is great and not so great.  It's fantastic that you can walk out of Mamma Mia, or the Lion King and be back in the hotel having a lovely drink…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay at Waldorf London,"Beautiful Hotel, room and bed bit small, but overall good experience. Stayed two nights, on second day noticed someone had had a can of 'red bull' from our mini bar and left empty can. The maid had been in so can only assume it was her. Reception advised that 3 items had been consumed and deleted them from our bill! Bit of a worry, have stayed in hotels all over the world and never had this experience before.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in the Theater District,"The Waldorf Hilton is a stunning hotel.  The staff, very international, is one of the most friendly group I have ever met at a hotel.  Location is the best in London for anyone going to the Theaters and Royal Opera House.  There are two ""tube"" stops within five min. walk of the hotel, and a bus stop directly outside the hotel.  The pool, fitness club, and Executive Lounge are great.  Will be back here in the next time in London",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, so-so service","Great location close to the theater district and a quick walk from iconic London sites such as the Eye, Big Ben, etc. We had a VERY small, but recently renovated room.  An upgrade was allegedly applied (Hilton Diamond) but I would hate to see the size of the originally booked room if we were upgraded! The service everywhere was less than I would have expected.  The concierges seemed more interested in tips than helping.  The waitresses in the breakfast area all seemed sour.  And the front desk staff were non too accommodating.  With all of the hotel choices in London, I would skip this hotel and opt for another.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business conference,Whilst centrally located near Covent Garden the hotel disappointed. The restaurants and bars are very traditional and lacked atmosphere. The bedrooms are comfortable but looking dated. The room service and laundry service was very good and the staff were very helpful.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Theatre and Sightseeing,"We were initially given a small room with an uncomfortable bed.  We are Hilton members and asked if it was possible to have a different room.  The staff were extremely helpful and agreed to move us.  The staff here are very friendly and will go out of their way to assist you in any way they can.  The room we were given had a very comfy bed and was more spacious.  The location of the Waldorf is unrivalled.  It really is perfect to explore London.   Top tip:  If you are Hilton members you will receive free wifi in your room.  It is worth signing up for the Hilton Rewards Scheme.    We had afternoon tea which was not, in my view, as great as Claridges, however, there was a great assortment of delicacies to enjoy.  The staff were worked off their feet and we did have to wait some…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oddly interesting but rooms remind of National Lampoon's European Vacation,"I walked into my room with my rolling garment bag and literally bump into the wall and then the bed and then the chair...  Room is clean and sufficient except the bed moves when you sit on it and bathroom is tight.    Probably ok for the sub 200gbp category and proximity to Trafalgar, The Strand and theatre area is solid.    Certainly not a place to get a lot of work done or enjoy relaxing in your room -  ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.,"This hotel looks a million bucks from the outside and has all the hallmarks of a grand hotel. Sadly the inside does not live up to the hype and the grandeur of the location/name. The inside feels tired and a touch shabby, the beds are cheap and very hard and the rooms small and the air conditioning aged and slow/loud. The service was friendly but sloppy; room service forgot parts of the order, breakfast was luke warm and the service/presentation a little fawlty towers served in a draughty and dim dining room. The location is prime but be warned, this hotel needs investment and a facelift.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Valentine's weekend stay,"I love the decor in this hotel. It's all finished to a high standard - which you would expect from the Waldorf.  Stayed here for a weekend and the bathroom was well stocked with toiletries so we didn't need to use our own. The food was delicious too - we used room service and had breakfast, and the choice at the breakfast buffet was the best I've seen for a long time",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Jolly Good,What a fantastic experience for my first trip to England.  The Walldorf is located in the heart of the theater district with some very fun pubs for fisha nd chops.  The service staff is a excellent crew and most helpful and friendly. And the bar served up some very tasty drinks.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London City-center  old hotel,"You feel when you visit this hotel that you are in the historical hotel, maybe you will enjoy it if you like old styles but you feel a little poring if you are not .. The club lounge is poor but you will like some staff not all of them .. Because of the location you will be over normal price.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely grand hotel in heart of theatre district,"we stayed here on points as Diamond members for a last minute overnight to get to an early meeting the next day and loved the place again. We got a cute room on the 8th floor nestled in the roof and up a flight of stairs - it was so quiet above the rooftops and felt a world away from the hustle of the West End below . It looked newly refurbished and full of smart art deco design touches.  As others have said, this hotel is an old grand dame boldly landmarked on the Aldwych and easy walking distance to most London theatres. We grabbed a cocktail in the remodelled Godfreys bar which had a wonderful ambience, and as ever the Executive Lounge was calm and well stocked. Highly recommend",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Kindness,"This is a copy of the letter i recently sent to the Waldorf Hilton:  To Argyro Apergi & the staff of the Waldorf Hilton  Kindness.  Kindness is something we often hear talked about but we rarely get to experience it.  At the Waldorf Hilton my wife, son and I found kindness.  It was the kindness of Argyro Apergi who generously allowed me to change my original booking date, even though I had selected a non-changeable option.  This she did after my wife unexpectedly gave birth to our son 2 and half months early.  What followed was every parent’s nightmare whereby our son remained in intensive care for the next 60 days before being allowed to return home.  Your actions in allowing us to change the date mean a huge amount to us, they gave my wife something to look forward to after a…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"Had a lovely stay here. Room was spacious and clean, although some areas in the room were in need of repair and updating. Had a wondeful complimentary cake for my birthday upon arrival. Staff were great, breakfast was fantastic. Would definately stay again. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Stayed for one night in order to visit Theatre Royal, Drury Lane - extremely close by! Upgraded to a suite, which was very clean, nicely furnished.  Used the exec lounge for breakfast, which is always good here.  Staff were very friendly and professional.  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location but worn down ,"Stayed there for a conference one night. Rooms are larger than the normal London city hotel, but the hotel is a bit worn down. Staff is nice and helpful. Breakfast is good and offers a variety of dishes. Location is good if you want to be in central London.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Opulence and Old World Charm,"Perfect location - located right off of Drury, which will take you to the Covent Garden Area and great shopping. Located in between two actual theatres and on the main route of many bus lines that run 24 hours a day. Staff is incredibly friendly and happy to help.  Martini Bar is perfect to people watch. Fitness Center is also very modern and extensive.  Also a few doors down is a fitness club if you wish for something different.  Anton and Olga made my stay very pleaseant.  If you can pay the extra and upgrade to Exec. Level. Awesome coffee/Latte/Cap Maker there and comp. beverages along with Breakfast, Afternoon Tea and evening reception. Free use of 2 computers in this lounge.  Rooms that are Executive are a bit larger.  All rooms are well appointed and immaculate.  Bathrooms…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"Great location, 2 blocks away from the Thames river, walking distances to The British Museum, hundres of Pubs and restaurants. The check in was so fast, I received an upgrade as a Diamond member and access to the Executive floor. Breakfast was really good and the dinner at the executive floor was a good complement, the service we received from all the crew was fantastic, especially from Alize, she gave us always an amazing service. I definitely stay there again and recommend the hotel to my friends.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let down ,My Husband our friends and myself booked here for my birthday as we were going to a show  When we arrived all seemed fab with attentive staff  all changed when we got to our room looking on to a brick courtyard with aircon units etc. The room was an executive suite not the best we stayed in so we called reception to upgrade They showed us a couple of rooms but to be honest they weren't great  When our friends turned up they had the Astoria suite very roomy but they had so many problems  they were so disappointed  After our complaint even though the head lady on reception said she would sort everything not to worry Nothing Happen apart from being ignored   The executive lounge is certainly not big enough for a hotel of this size decor is nice but so closed in.  We normally go to…,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WALDORF LONDON,Always good at the Waldorf. A little old fashioned but that is a quality that values service which is so important. The staff are extremely helpful which is vital in London. Rooms are always spotless.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hugely disappointing,"What's in a name?....The Waldorf.....huge expectation of excellent service, attention to detail and a stay which I imagined would be a guaranteed hit for both my daughter and I on our short getaway weekend in London. The whole experience fell way short.   Check in was particularly below par.  An initial mix up with bed type, mine apparently, was not resolve at reception,  I would have been more than happy to pay for a room change/upgrade from double to twin but was told there were no twins available....really?!  We were given no guidance to where any of the hotel facilities were....bars....restaurants, pool just an offer of a reduced price on breakfast the following day if we booked there and then.  The room was cold and the air con so noisy we had to turn it off to sleep. …",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weeknight London stay,"Recently booked one paid night at the The Waldorf Hilton using my Homage Premium Club membership to celebrate my wife's birthday. The Premium Club were very accommodating with my request, found a room within seconds and room rate was cheapest I could find online. The rate was actually not much more than if I paid for two cabs in and out of London, so well worth it. Spoke to Harley, who managed to arrange a best in category room for me after i explained it was a birthday, afternoon tea for two and my request of a bottle of champagne was met, with it being there in the room as we got there. Hotel included free wi-fi and breakfast in the ballroom is a must if staying b&b.  Great stay, super location, fantastic staff all at a good price- so thanks all!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Small Fish in a BIG POND,Checked in mistakenly as executive lounge access - despite request and agreeing to pay £50 up charge per night - on access all ok when we ordered meal traditional fish and chips in BU$INE$$ LOUNGE on agreeing to pay £50 and £30 for meals see what we got - HOW DO THEY FIND CHIPS BIGGER THAN THE FISH ???.......... DISGUSTING AND I AM HERE ANOTHER 24 HOURS IF THE MANAGER WANTS TO DISCUSS A VERY LOYAL UPSET HILTON GUEST.....,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The best thing about this hotel is the location - very close to covent garden and the theatres.   In terms of the standard of hotel I think it's probably a little overhyped given it's big name but that's not to say it wasn't a very pleasant stay.  The rooms are spacious, high ceilings, bathrooms are modern.  Would I stay again, yes, but to be honest I'll probably stick with booking more modern hotels nearby for significantly less money.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and magnificent exterior,I stayed at the Waldorf Astoria over a Valentines weekend as a perk of previously being a diamond Hilton honors member. It was a small but perfectly formed room and as with all Hilton hotels the bed is super comfortable. Breakfast was good but timing is everything as it got far too busy. The real draw of this hotel is its perfect location and rather spectacular exterior. Would I pay to stay again.....probably not but I'm glad I have experienced this one.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Quality hotel, but some variability","I've stayed a couple of times and it just about deserves the 5/5. The first room was a little on the small side, but with a little upgrade everything sorts itself out. Both rooms had everything you'd need (great shower, working iron, good enough TV)  And if you are an HHonors member, get the free wifi - it stands up to low-res streaming and conference calls.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Hilton,"Ideally situated for the West End and theatre land generally. Good service by well trained staff. Overall, a good experience with the exception of having to wait for breakfast (inadequate capacity). (I wonder why Trip Advisor insists on 200 characters to validate a review?)",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A long way short of Waldorf standards elsewhere,"On arrival our room was very cold and the aircon could not be switched off, the engineer tried to fix and couldn't, we suggested he fix it while we were out for the evening only to come back in the early hours to an even colder room so we had to have a radiator delivered to our room at 1 in the morning, not ideal.  The bathroom layout was such that the water from the shower could not be contained within the shower cubicle which meant that the bathroom floor was covered in water and dangerous.  My husband is a Hilton Diamond Club member and he travels extensively internationally so we are able to distinguish between good and bad facilities and service;  we had chosen another Hilton hotel in London originally then changed to the Waldorf Hilton mostly because of the location but…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lacks warmth, too corporate ","I stayed for two nights in Feb 2016. Did a last minute secret rooms booking. Found the hotel pleasant but I wouldn't say 5 star compared to other 5 star hotels in London. Room was fine on the 7th floor, nice roof sky light in the ceiling. Only criticism of the room was the temperature, poor heating which wasn't sorted by the engineer after a complaint. Was either very cold or short spells of hot. I only ate dinner one evening which was fine I'd give it a 6/10. Good location for Covent Garden & the west end. ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nicely located quality hotel,"Very handy location for those visiting the theatres. Stayed here for a business visit as part of a part hilton honors points and part cash booking. Nice executive lounge, good quality breakfast there too. Very nice comfortable and quiet rooms. Would stay again",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea. Voucher? Take note,"Received afternoon tea for two as a gift. Lovely setting and nice background harpist.   Firstly, if you have a voucher ensure that you take the original thing. We only had details of the confirmation (from the Hilton) which you would expect to suffice. However they required the Wowcher voucher which we did not have on us. Resulting in a couple of calls to the person who gifted us this. Slightly stressful start to what was meant to be a nice relaxing experience.    Sat on table next to kitchen, a lot of clattering and cold draft. Waiting staff seemed a little stretched (busy place)... described the finger sandwiches differently than described in menu. Bread on the stale side.  We established afterwards that our afternoon tea included a bottle of prosecco. We were given a glass…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,little bit disappointed,"I try to use the Hilton where possible to accrue points on my card and although the hotel itself is extremely well situated I chose a double room on the 8th floor and was a little unimpressed with the quality. The lights would also go off for 5-10 minutes unexpectedly and then come back on again and the whole floor felt distinctly creaky.  However, the staff were friendly and helpful and the fact you are within walking distance of everything Central Londony was a definite bonus.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"FABULOUS, FABULOUS & FABULOUS !!!","Wonderful hotel in a truly superb location - easy walking distance to so many of London's tourist attractions.  We had a truly super stay and cannot recommend this hotel enough. All staff and I do mean all staff were professional, courteous, helpful and attentive and all done with a smile on their face - such a pleasure !!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average. Not a true 5 star,"Very nice looking hotel from the outside. I stayed here about 20 years ago which was in the pre-Hilton days. It was a proper 5 star then. It feels like a 3 star trying to be a 5 star now.   The room is okay, but no better than any standard Hilton room. It's All a bit tiered looking.   Certainly not an unpleasant stay. I got the room last minute for £300 with Booking. Com.   I have paid less and had better stays in london. I've also paid the same or a little bit more and had proper 5 star experience.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay for theatre visit,My wife and I stayed overnight on 17th February. The hotel is well placed for a number of theatres including the Aldwych where we watched Beautiful - a fantastic show. Throughout our stay the staff were excellent. This high level of service started as we got out of the cab at the front door and continued until we checked out the next morning.  The room was very clean.  The cocktail bar serves some excellent cocktails and provides meals which are suited to people rushing to get to an early theatre start.  ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"The staff, location and warmth from the hotel makes it a must for anyone looking for a great weekend in the Capital.    Hotel is ideally placed for the theatre, Covent Garden, the Strand and walking distance to Leicester Square, Piccadilly,  Regents Street, Oxford Streeet etc.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average Room - nothing special ,"Nothing special about the rooms - Premier Inns are just as good and clean and about the same size room but PI have bigger beds. Avoid rooms at the front of the hotel on the 6th floor, a little on the small side and paper thin walls, also a funny sewage smell. Asked if I could change rooms and lady on reception showed me a much better and larger 4th floor room at the back. Very quiet room, no noise from outside or rooms either side. Excellent housekeeping, rooms cleaned well and items replenished. Plenty of towels. Good size bathroom and great shower. Very thin continental quilt, 2 normal pillows and 2 smaller square ones - very odd!! Didn't use the restaurant this time as £22 for breakfast is very over priced, cheaper to go to eating places nearby and don't have to wait so long…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, not great.","Stayed for 2 nights in executive room with access to executive lounge.  Check in was good, polite and knowledgable. Room was not ready early so left cases with concierge. On return at advertised checkin time room was ready but cases hadn't been brought up. Had to go and fetch them after phone call failed to get concierge moving !  Room was ok, for executive I was expecting a little better. Furniture in room looking a little tired and had not been cleaned properly. Tv was old and poor quality image.   Bathroom was good, clean and recently refurbished.  The executive lounge was used for complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and canapé in the evening (with inclusive drinks). Nice to have access to this facility even though the receptionist was grumpy and not very welcoming.  The…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,'Good Location but not 5 star worthy',"My fiance and I stayed at the Waldorf to celebrate my birthday in London.  The hotel is brilliantly located for the theatre district and Covent Garden. The room was nice but very stuffy and fairly small - nothing special. The room also wasn't squeaky clean with marks on the table and crumbs on the tea/coffee tray. The hotel lifts are really small and inconvenient and there are queues at busy times. We stayed with Hilton in Toronto and also weren't that impressed but thought we'd try again in London. In all, I didn't feel there was a 5 star 'wow' factor that I've had in other 5 stars.  I would suggest spending the same money elsewhere on another 5 star for something a bit more special.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel in Central location,The hotel is right in the middle of the theatre district and a short walk from Travalgar Square and the Thames/Southbank. We stayed in the summer so access to the main sites was very useful.   The location also made Covent Garden your best spot for drinks and dinner so you cannot complain! The breakfast is served in the ballroom which is magnificent. My only issue was the small size of the room but it's London and it was still exceptionally decorated.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top class hotel with amazing staff,"We had visited this hotel last year while attending a close friends wedding we were that impressed we decided to visit again.  Impressed with this visit is an understatement this hotel is the Hilton and this is why!   Upon arrival I was greeted with a smiling doorman called Jason asked to take our bags while we checked in at reception, here we were greeted with a smiling Carlos who was so happy,informative,helpful and attentive to our needs of the visit along with good rapor with us he was just a happy guy enjoying his work. We the put bags into room and a frinedly concierge Anton brought our bags up and asked if we needed anything else my lady asked if he knew of any nice restaurants he suggested a Mexican and said he would call and see if he could book us a table so helpful,…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,city sight seeing trip,we took our grandsons for a special treat to see and experience London. They were overwhelmed by the staff and service at the Waldorf London. Certainly one they will remember for a long time. A big thank you to everyone there from the porter to the bar staff and duty manager,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average room and hotel,The hotel is located in the nice theater district location. Room are small and average. Found unwashed dirty kettle presumably from use by the previous guest. Reported to the front desk with the pictures. They said they will address the issue.,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Stay,Fantastic from arrival to departure.  The location is excellent with it being a stones throw to Covent Garden.    Complimentary upgrade to a room which was spacious and warm  Only place to stay if you're going to TheatreLand ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"A smart hotel in the very heart of Covent Garden, ideally situated for theatres and restaurants. Lovely Art Deco style bedroom, a little small but to be expected for central London. Courteous staff and overall a great experience.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great location,"I stayed here because it's in the heart of theatre district and had a lovely time.   When we got to our room there was a bad smell, so we complained and the staff were very apologetic, and upgraded us to a room that was way bigger!  The bathroom was also huge, and very nice.   Would stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but not really 'wow',"We stayed here for a special occasion.  We live in London and I've often walked past the Waldorf; we wanted something central for Soho/Covent Garden and got a good last minute deal online.  It is extremely well located for visitors, on the edge of Covent Garden and within walking distance of Soho, Trafalgar Square and across the river to the South Bank.  I thought the reception area was really quite understated (having tried to go in the wrong door to start with). The receptionist was very helpful, we had paid for the room in advance and as he read back the booking he said we'd requested a twin - we hadn't, we'd booked a standard queen room and I had the email confirmation stating this.  He apologised and said he'd see what he could do.  After checking in the back office with…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A touch of class,"Brilliant service from start to finish, the breakfast was well worth the money and was delicious. The hotel is decorated to a high standard and nothing was too much trouble for the staff. I would stay here again in London as I found it was in a good location.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Class & More,"Be prepared for warmth, comfort, and a welcoming stay at the luxurious, accommodating, and excellently managed Waldorf Hilton!  You can have your cake and eat it too, and they will definitely treat you with the utmost respect while you're doing so.  History is alive in this hotel and stirs the imagination to the wistful and romantic Edwardian era.  Manager, Ferooz Yaqubi, is outstanding, not to mention a joy, and all of the staff made our humble stay an experience we won't forget! THANK YOU! And many many thanks to Ferooz, our concierge, and the gentleman who brought our left behind luggage to us at Heathrow airport terminal 5 in time for us to make it home.  It was a huge inconvenience to you. Without asking, you offered to return it to us and did so with a smile and a hug!…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I only attended a conference but it was worth it,"I attended an all day conference with dinner and drinks and was truly impressed. The rooms and catering for the daytime event were perfect. The evening was stunning from the start to finish. Started with drinks in great setting and then the transformation of the room from day to night was unrecognizable, the staff were great but the food was absolutely mouth watering. I would highly recommend this for any future high end events.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday visit,"We stayed at the Waldorf hotel on Monday 16th and had a fantastic time room was light and large , bed was  very comfortable , room was clean wonderful rain shower , we booked executive double and had pass to the privat lounge , with all you can eat and drink , the staff were helpful and attentive , door man was a joy we had cocktails in godfreys beautiful 1930 Decore and again very pleasant staff will defornatly be back to this lovely old hotel",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stop over,"Excelllent location for Covent Garden and a 10min walk from Charing Cross overground station. Very comfortable, beautifully decorated rooms with good facilities. What more could you need for one night in town? Will definitely be back",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive but it's just in the right place for the city,"Good room, breakfast was great, they did try to charge for Internet , but gave me complimentary access (so they should), very nice at the desk, could have done with more tea n coffe in room esp milk, but over all great",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,overnight stay as son  had bought dinner for 2 in their restaurant for our birthdays.,"Great meal, very friendly service by staff at front desk and in the restaurant. Room was spotless, bed was very comfy and spacious also  bathroom was very clean and tidy.We chose our room from the hotel layout online, up in the top floor, lift  to top of building  and we walked up one flight of stairs to the very end of the corridor. Would definitely stay again..",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location ,"Stayed here only one night, but it was perfect. Service with a smile and very accommodating. Room furnishings comfortable and everything I needed. Although room was a little small and the mini-bar could not be emptied to serve as a mini fridge. Great indoor pool, a little on the short side, but long enough to get laps in. Breakfast was nice and had sufficient variety.  I would suggest taking room not facing street as windows are not double glaze and street noise gets through.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Valentine weekend,"Hotel room wasn't ready on time ( complimentary drink supplied ) should have had 12 roses, bottle of Prosecco, chocolates and strawberries nothing in room, after contacting service reception , roses arrived but still no Prosecco , chocolates, strawberries, very disappointed as this was Valentines weekend, evening meal ok but sirloin steak very gristly only able to eat half of it , all in all very disappointed seeing one night stay with breakfast no evening meal included was £255.00 , would think twice before staying here again , On the plus side Staff were very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf...simply Wonderful!,"Hilton is an iconic brand and the Waldorf is an iconic hotel.  Nestled in between a couple of theaters on Aldwych...just above the Strand.    A wonderful hotel, wonderful staff, and wonderful location.  Easy access to the City of London, museums, shopping, Covent Garden, the Underground, restaurants, pubs and a 15 minute walk to Waterloo Station...just a terrific venue in a terrific location.  We have stayed near Paddington Station, in Knightsbridge, in Mayfair and we have found that nothing beats the Waldorf in terms of location and ambiance.  We highly recommend it.  BTW they will even loan you an umbrella when it rains!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend ,"Recently had a 2 night break at the Waldorf, def has the wow factor, we had an executive room which gave us use of executive lounge, which was a nice touch, drinks , lovely breakfast etc,are room was lovely huge bed and spacious room!, nice pool steam room, sauna, great listening 2 the pianist in the Godfrey bar!def gave you the ambiance of the hotel ! Great location ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a brilliant location,Have visited this hotel for the second time only to find it as good as ever.  Brilliantly located on edge of Covent Garden so plenty nearby and so convenient for many of the theatres.  The hotel staff were extremely welcoming and helpful and the bedroom was super clean and the bathroom very very well stocked.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel if you can get a cheap price!,"Its not worth the full rack rate but if you can get a deal, its well worth a visit.  Rooms and actually the whole hotel looked fresh, clean, tidy and stylish.  Comfy bed and good enough size.  Breakfast was excellent in a beautiful room  I will return.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the the Waldorf Hilton in London. The location by the theaters and Covent gardens was excellent, the room was very nicely renovated (it was an upgraded room) although the lobby is nothing special. Staff was excellent. Breakfast and other food in the Executive Lounge was very good. Well priced. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long weekend break,"Very convenient for the theatres, saw Wicked and Miss saigon.The shops, did Harrods, Oxford street, Regent Street and Covent Gardens and several museums. Very helpful concierges and receptionists in the hotel and a very good nights sleep as there was not a lot of noise from the roads surprisingly. Make sure you have your walking shoes or don't mind using the underground as London streets are a nightmare for cars and taxis to move around on.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, but property is showing its age","Nice hotel with excellent location a couple of blocks from Covent Garden, right off Strand. 5-7 min walk to 2 Tube stations. Excellent service from staff - reception, lounge, doorman, concierge, bar. Nice room size. But property is showing its age. Hallway Flooring (on Level 6 at least) and rooms have wood that creaks in many sections of the flooring. Soundproofing is average. You can hear people walk by your room. Water pressure is slow. You expect more when a hotel has ""Waldorf"" in its name. ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea - poor service,"My wife and I made a reservation for afternoon tea after buying a Wowcher deal, Afternoon tea for two with a bottle of prosecco.   The experience left us feeling that we wouldn't recommend to anyone going based in the poor service.  We were seated in a timely manner and then a plate of sandwiches arrived before we had received our bottle of Presecco and we hadn't chosen or ordered our tea. We were then poured a glass of Prosecco and then the bottle was taken away. Other tables had wine coolers and the bottle on their table.  We had finished our sandwiches and after approximately 40 minutes we had not had another glass poured or even taken our tea order.  Finally when the waitress came back with the scones and cake I had to ask for another glass and to order the tea.  When the…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely treat,"afternoon tea at this elegant London Hotel. Beautiful tea room , On the plus side the tea room was very grand , amazing ceiling chandeliers , it all felt very posh . The down side was you had no choice of sandwich filling , waiter not very attentive and tables far too close together which was a shame as it did slightly spoil the occasion .",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Matched my expectations ,"Good quality hotel, in the thick of London's nightlife with masses to do on your doorstep.  Well run hotel,  absolutely as I expected. A really spacious bedroom, large bathroom and surprisingly quiet for the centre of London. Ask for an internal room looking over the atrium.  We normally stay in the City but this location is so close to the widest range of evening options and Covent Garden, we'd definitely choose to stay here again.  Extensive breakfast menu and buffet as well.  Relaxed bar and bar snacks as well. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not to be recommended...,Oh dear - a bad start that only got worse! One room booked for 2 people in my husband's name using points as a long-standing HiltonHonors member (Gold). Booked  by phone directly with Hilton. I attempted to check in on my own at 7pm on a Friday evening. I was told by an extremely miserable Ice Maiden that I could not check in. 'Where's your husband' was the question. 'On a overnight flight from Singapore' was my reply. I was told I could not check in until he arrived (5am at LHR if any of you are interested). Was I to sit on my bag until he arrived them? When I remonstrated (politely) I was told that 'the world is a dangerous place you know'. Really - maybe she ought to tell her despot president that! After a complete faff I was 'allowed' (their words) to check in after…,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel,"Location right next to Covent Garden and Theatre land is perfect with easy access to buses and tubes and a short walk from Piccadilly circus, Trafalgar Square and other key sights. Hotel itself up to top Hilton standards, but as an older building has that much more character than the newer versions. Staff exceptionally attentive and knowledgeable so ideal for visitors to London Queen room spacious and very well appointed",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You Have to Do It,"Well still a fantastic hotel after all these years. Got out the taxi and the doorman was straight over to take the suitcases in. At the reception desk the check in swift and advised that breakfast was not included on our club years’ membership, but for £100 extra was given an upgraded room, breakfast, access to the executive lounge and special upgraded to VIP. Mentioned that it was both our wife’s birthdays.  Bedroom was lovely, normal TV, tea/coffee making facilities.    Went to the executive lounge, which provided soft drinks, tea, coffee, and bites. Followed by the Good Godfrey's Bar for a few drinks. Prices are reasonable and pleasant surrounds. Adjourned to our and room and pleasantly surprised to have a bottle of white wine waiting for us, as did our friends for our wife’s…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old but remodeled.  Excellent stay,"Stayed here for 8 nights for 30th anniversary. Easily walked to almost everything in London we wanted to do - plays, restaurants, pubs, museums, etc. Staff was outstanding, giving us an upgraded room and access to the executive lounge.  Yes, the rooms are old and can have trouble keeping consistent heat, but it is a historic building and the rooms/bathrooms have been nicely updated.  Front desk, concierge, maids and lounge staff were all above our expectations, especially compared to what US citizens can sometimes get in the London culture.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","As all luxury hotels, I must admit that the Waldorf was quite impressive. Luxurious, good service, great location. The difference with other equivalent hotels is that the rooms aren't exactly large, which must be dully noted, as many other luxury hotels in London. This is a great alternative to other luxury hotels in the neighborhood.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend away,"Fabulous Hotel in the heart of the theatre district. Arrived to really friendly, helpful staff. I booked an executive room and was really impressed with the spacious room. I had told them I wanted a room with a view as it was  my birthday. When I walked in the room there was a cake on the table saying happy birthday it was a  really lovely gesture. Having an executive room meant we had special access to an executive lounge.  We had a delicious complimentary afternoon tea when we arrived, it was buffet style where you could help yourself to refreshments. We had a great nights stay and had a wonderful breakfast in the morning. I even asked if it was possible to check out later, it was possible and I  had a nice relaxing morning. The staff were great, I wanted to mention how Anton…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away ,"My partner and I stayed in this hotel after booking through lastminute.com as a secret hotel. We was both very impressed. It is a beautiful hotel. Very clean. Very close to Covent Garden which was perfect.   We stayed on the 8th floor. Unfortunately we didn't get a room with a view but we didn't mind.   The bed was very comfy and the room spacious. The only fault we have is that at night all we could hear was an extractor fan buzzing. It didn't keep us awake but was annoying when trying to get to sleep. We didn't bother telling reception, as it didn't really cause that much of a problem.   Overall we would definitely stay here again! ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay!,"We stayed here for the weekend, whilst visiting our daughter.  The location was excellent.  Right on the doorstep to all the wonderful theatres, shops and restaurants.  It also has the added bonus of a beautiful pool, which is unusual in London hotels. (Very inconvenient opening hours however). Our room was small, but nicely furnished.  The bathroom was very clean and spacious with a bath and shower.  My only negative in the room would be the quality of the linen.  Our duvet cover had a large hole on the inside, that I kept getting my foot tangled in during the night.  The dressing gowns provided were a little tatty and threadbare. There are also signs of wear and tear around the communal areas in the hotel.  The breakfast was the standard buffet.  There was a separate menu that…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in perfect location for theatres,We stayed here for my 30th birthday. Beautiful hotel with lovely large rooms. Extra special touch they left me a birthday cake In the room. Easy walking distance to many theatres as well as Covent garden and underground.  The crowning glory of our stay was the beautiful breakfast. I have stayed in all sorts of hotels all-around the world and this is honestly the best breakfast buffet I have ever had. Amazing options available and brilliant quality. Concierge service was also very good as we arrived well before check in.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,"Stayed Friday and Saturday as a birthday treat in London. Got upgraded to deluxe Queens room which was quite spacious with a large bathroom and excellent rainfall shower. The room was nicely furnished and surprisingly quiet although at the front of the building. The welcome cake and good bottle of red was a nice touch. Breakfast was a substantial buffet in a most elegant room. The hotel is in an excellent location close to most of the main attractions like Trafalgar Square, Westminster, Covent Garden etc. All the staff encountered were most pleasant and friendly and the whole hotel exudes an aura of professionalism which means I will definitely stay here again. One of my best hotel experiences in London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always Great!,"We visited again this weekend and the standard of service is great, many thanks to Esther on reception who was delightful and Cristina in the Executive Lounge who is always very helpful and friendly. We had a super upgrade to a suite which was just stunning and so, so comfortable and had a TV screen built in above the bath which felt very decadent,whilst relaxing in a huge bubble bath. The location is fabulous for theatres and galleries and we look forward to returning in the near future.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","If anyone remembers the Le Meridien along the Aldwych in the eighties/nineties , yes its the same hotel though it has been refurbished and rebranded as a Hilton.  The best feature of this hotel is its theatre district location being virtually right next door to numerous theatres and restaurants. Convent Garden is just a leisurely stroll away with Soho slightly beyond. Trafalgar Square is also just down The Strand. Cant think of a better location in London for a tourist.  While I thought the ""new"" Edwardian style décor in the rooms are rather plain, they are elegantly pleasant. Quality of furnishings is also of very decent standard and definitely one of the better Hiltons around though I feel the Park Lane Hilton furnishings is slightly better. Do note that this is a ""Hilton""…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Wonderful Hotel,"We've stayed here twice and both times were faultless. The rooms are very spacious and in the case of the suite, bigger than the bottom floor of our house! The staff were friendly, rooms very clean, location excellent and the executive lounge very pleasant.  I would definitely stay again the next time I'm in London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoy the high life...,"A stunning hotel visually. Very helpful and friendly staff. Great location, especially for theater land.  I stayed in room 717, which was massive and had a stunning bathroom. Lots of space, great mini bar( but very expensive)  Good showers, good toiletries, loads of soft fluffy towels.  I went for a smoking room and it was immaculate, clean, pleasant and lavish.  Huge soft comfy bed. Great night lights and lighting in general with good AC.  USB ports next to bed! Always a winner for me.  Good speed WIFI, and also network internet access.  The cocktail bar is divine, but expensive. Try the Tom Collins with Rosemary Gin!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"I had afternoon tea there with my friend yesterday to celebrate my birthday, we had booked it with woucher and got a bottle of prosecco with the deal.  The food was lovely and the atmosphere as great, the service was a little slow but it was very busy in there.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long wait!,"My friend and I recently had dinner here after visiting The Aldwych Theatre.   We thought we would treat ourselves to dinner here.   The food was reasonably good, when it did arrive, but we had to wait about 45 minutes before it turned up.   We wouldn't have minded if the restaurant were busy but there were only three occupied tables.   We did, however, enjoy a pleasant drink in the bar beforehand.   The meal was reasonably priced for a big London hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor poor poor service! DO NOT GO HERE!!,"Lovely hotel but unfortunately the service was appalling... Booked an executive room for 1 night (£359 paying in full in advance) room ok and service ok when checking in. building and location is lovely. When going into the executive lounge  the afternoon we checked in, we noticed someone on the table next to us having gluten free sandwiches so my husband requested some gluten free bread for breakfast the following morning (he is coeliac so cannot eat wheat) the person at the  desk in the executive lounge said this is fine. When coming into the lounge for breakfast we asked for the bread and were told that it would be bought over to us. We waited for 20 minutes then a member of staff came over and said that it wouldn't be too much longer. 10 minutes after that the same member of…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Service and quality,"The staff are fantastic, location superb.  Room was clean and the finish very nice. All the whole experience was great.  More than happy to recommend for either business or leisure.  A very enjoyable 2 night stay - was there for business, but it was a PLEASURE",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great,"ive stayed at the wardorf several times. for us its central, great rooms, great staff, well priced & good breakfasts. would recommend to anyone. great for shows, cinemas or anything else you want to get up to in London",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very good stay,"was upgraded due to being given incorrect information previous. room was out of this world we could have lived in this room the bathroom was 3 times mine at home, along with the closet , bed were very comfortable and had a bottle of wine chilled in our room with fruit and chocolate cake very nice indeed, they most defiantly won us back.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but not overly impressed","I booked this hotel through Top Secret Hotels at a bargain, however had I paid full price I think I would have been a bit more disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, it is a big grand building but the rooms look a bit tired and cold, they are not homely and plush considering the price of them.  As I booked for my boyfriend birthday, we received a complimentary upgrade to a Queen Deluxe Room which are worth nearly £300 a night.  We walked in and weren't overly impressed, the bathroom wasn't as clean as it could be and the radiator in our bathroom was on constantly, it was so hot in there it made me feel ill and I didn't know how to turn it off.  The bathroom is nice though, LED light to do make-up, nice rain shower, speaker in there so you can hear tv whilst in the bath/shower.…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Fabulous hotel, beautiful building, great location, helpful staff who really seem to want you to have a good time, and superb executive lounge. As a diamond member I had the most fantastic follow up. Have stayed here a few times and love it. We will be back !",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great!,"The Waldorf Hotel is a beautiful place in an amazing location, close to all the main attraction in central London. I went there for a work function and the service was impeccable. The staff was so well trained and well presented.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfy Hotel . Great Location . Great Staff,"This is my hotel of choice when I come up to town. Room A1 comfy, capacious & clean . Excellent concierge and portering staff. All very satisfactory . Minor ""breakfast problem"" relating to language difficulties and Kippers! However very pleasantly sorted out by Bruno the catering manager. This hotel is as safe as The Rock of Gibraltar - stay here with confidence .",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Aldwych is very irregular,"Generally exceptional Reception and concierge personnel and helpful staff.  Have forgotten things at the hotel and the staff was terrific and helped me recuperate everything, which was over the top wonderful. But their breakfast service is shaky, and it is sometimes impossible to get anyone on the phone (trying reception, customer service, etc) in the late evening, and that's unacceptable.  Housekeeping is irregular as well: sometimes fab, sometimes they forget to give sufficient toilet paper (!) or other amenities.  Finally when staying there for four nites, had continued issues with my TV and it never did get fixed appropriately.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's One Ace: Location,"The hotel's great plus is its location on Aldwych. You could see Covent Garden Opera House from My bedroom Window on the sixth floor. Also under 10 minutes walk are Holborn tube station on the Central Line and Temple on the Circle Line. Nearby establishments which are worth partaking of are One Aldwych Hotel bar for a few small eats and cocktail, and Delauney's for a Vienese style breakfast or coffee and pastries.  That was the good. The not-so-good was My small unglamourous room with rather tired furnishings.   At least the bathroom was modern and pleasant - with one exception. The heated towel rail was not on and in order to switch it on I had to use a switch at the back of the wardrobe! Shortly after I found out why it had been switched off: it started leaking.   Overall,…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"Returned back here for a night to celebrate my birthday with my boyfriend. Had a queen deluxe room which was great, a lovely size room with a huge comfy bed. Great for relaxing. Booked bed and breakfast, breakfast was very busy and we had to wait for a table for a while which was a shame. Great location though, would definitely return ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,In the heart of the theater district,"This hotel is located on Aldwych, a busy street with theaters to the left and right. It's an older classic building that has style newer hotels lack.  My wife and I upgraded to an executive  room overlooking the Aldwych. We soon realized the ventilation system was making a thumping noise we couldn't live with. We asked for another room and we're quickly and  courteously moved. This room overlooked the back of the building. That was actually better; the Aldwych can be a noisy road. We were on the 5th floor, and that's important. The lower room floor windows look directly at other buildings that are very close. The rooms can be dark in the daytime, given dreary English winter weather. The higher the floor, the more light in the room. The room was well laid out, the furniture and…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Where is the restaurant, overcharged English breakfast, bad check-out","In the evening, 11:00 PM. the bar was crowded and no space left for me to have a drink. It was very hard to find the restaurant for breakfast and extra GBP 6 charge for english breakfast on top the continental rate of GBP 16 that a 37.5% increase is ridiculous.  When leaving the  hotel quarter past eight there were only two check-out counters open of the four available. I had to wait for nearly ten minutes to get checked out and had to ask for an enveloppe for the bill.  The Waldorf Hilton will not see me again......",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Experience!,"Our stay at Hilton Waldorf was great! I mentioned we were there for our anniversary and they were kind enough to upgrade our room for free and have us find a nice chocolate cake in the room on our arrival.  The executive lounge is a bit small and the offer in terms of food is not as wide as in other properties, but it's still worth it.  Breakfast was great too and the staff is really helpful (I didn't even have to wait for my bread to get toasted as the lady there brought it to my table herself).  The mattress was one of the most comfortable I ever slept in, it was really a shame we had to leave after just one night.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Second visit did not disappoint.,This was the second visit to The Waldorf for me and friends and we were not disappointed.  The bedrooms and bathrooms were spacious and spotlessly clean.  The heating was controllable and thank goodness for the cooling fans as the weekend weather was extremely mild!  The staff were pleasant and efficient.  The Waldorf is well worth a visit and central for visiting museums and other attractions.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf only in name.,"Not a great hotel, if you're expecting ""waldorf"" quality this isn't the hotel you're looking for. It's old and over priced. For this amount of money check out a different hotel. Twice the cleaning lady missed stuff or didn't give us shampoo.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short Stay,"Excellent stay in an excellent facility! Employees are very welcoming and efficient... very nice location, very close to the theater district and covent garden only minutes away... The hotel is nice and cosy and the rooms are clean, quiet and cosy. The hotel is very comfortable and I would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great location,"The service and rooms are ok Hilton standard. I have been to better hotels, but for the value is very good. During check-out I was charged a fee from bar next to the reception where I have never been. After complaint I got the money back within couple of days. The Executive Lounge is very nice and comfortable with breakfast, afternoon snack and canapes every day in a week (free for Diamond HH Members).  The swimming pool is heated and is not very big (14m), considering it is opened also for public. I recommend to go rather right before closing (between 8 and 9 during the weak) or maybe during lunchtime could also be less busy. On Sunday 4pm - 5pm I had the pool just for myself. :)",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long weekend break,"A real Grand Dame of a hotel, comfortable clean homely and topped with lovely staff who want you to love their hotel, beds you sleep in as so comfy and big bathrooms. Nice bar and so central for all the wonderful things London offers, looking forward to our next stay.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You certainly feel well looked after here and the location is excellent.,"Lovely rooms and the general areas in the hotel are beautifully decorated. The staff are very attentive and readily available. I have stayed here on business and on pleasure and every time the service is consistent. The only meal I have had here is breakfast and I have to say it is worth every penny and very good in every way. Try and make sure you don't get rooms at the front of the hotel on the Strand as it is a busy area. the hotel is situated in the heart of the theatres Lion King, Charlie and Chocolate factory and lots of others. Across the road from Somerset House and Waterloo bridge which is stunning at night. A very good hotel, with very good staff and well located, would recommend, no complaints here.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An above average Hilton in an absolutely Fantastic location,"I am currently in my 5th stay at this Hilton.   For Hilton's in central London it tends to be my favorite as it is within a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden and within 10 minutes walk of SOHO or Piccadilly.  Rooms are nice.  Slightly small, but I think above average compared to many hotel rooms in London.  Bathrooms are lovely.  The lobby lounge is a bit tired, but good service.   The Executive Lounge is very nice, but my only complaint is they don't put out any sweets in the evening so when coming in from dinner and wanting a night cap it would be nice to have some cookies or something out like most other Hilton Executive lounges have.  Overall ... I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not too shabby!,"Stayed here in an Executive Suite with sister and her partner. Suite much smaller than at George's Park, Staffordshire but this is London.  Plus suspect may have larger suites for VIPs.  Needless to say room was immaculate but only one bathroom and no dividing door but high quality. Staff are excellent especially concierges who are extremely friendly and remembered us from day before.  Drinks are expensive but again you get what you pay for!  As we had an Executive Suite we benefited from the complimentary afternoon tea and evening drinks - soft and alcoholic - and canapés which were unlimited so only used the bar after we came back from seeing Derren Brown.  We could have had continental breakfast in the Executive Lounge and avoided a busy breakfast service on Sunday morning. …",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,pre theatre meal,"Food was good choice on the set menu was fine, al a carte was better but everything is additional eg chips etc. Wine very expensive £30 plus a bottle. Service great, would go again as in great location for shows. They do deals at certain times worth keeping an eye out.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Reception staff were amazing,"What made my visit to the Waldorf so good was the check in experience, both girls on the desk were very professional, friendly, helpful and happy at work. My room was not ready on arrival but I was able to leave my luggage at concierge and go for a walk round London.  The allocated room was cleaned to a high standard with more than enough toiletries provided for an overnight stay, the walk in shower was a nice surprise. This is a beautiful hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"I stayed here for one night over the weekend and took an upgrade to a junior suite.  The room was lovely, with one of the best bathrooms in a hotel in London I have ever seen...true luxury.  The best part of the stay though was the staff and the service.  Everyone was polite, efficient, friendly and could not do enough for us.....every request was dealt with promptly. This is what a hotel should be like.  I will most certainly stay here again.  it is convenient to the west end theatres, Covent Garden and Trafalgar square.  Plenty of good restaurants are also nearby. It is expensive but in this case, worth the cost...unlike many hotels in London who think they can charge whatever but then deliver terrible service...this hotel is most certainly one of the best in my opinion.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"I have always wanted to stay at this hotel, so I was thrilled when my husband booked it for my birthday.   On arrival, the front deskstaff were very nice and the location was perfect.   We got given an upgrade to the Executive Lounge and in my room was a bottle of red wine. Thank you Hilton!  The Executive Lounge was great and one of the most comfortable ones I have used.   The room was great. A huge, comfortable Hilton bed, as usual. The bathroom was excellent, with a huge bath and television.   For the morning we ordered room service. It arrived in good time and was to the exceptional Hilton standards.  All in all a great place to stay. A little tired in places but still full of British charm. We can't wait for our next visit.  Thank you Hilton Waldorf xx",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old Hotel with small rooms but a great location!,The Waldorf is a nice and historic hotel with small rooms and an odd layout to the hotel but its in a great location and the price was right.  I'd stay here again but there are more modern hotels in London.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfection!!!,"From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty - the staff is extraordinary! The rooms are decorated in grand style and for those with access to the Executive Floor, they serve breakfast as well as a loaded happy hour. The Waldorf is located in the theater district with easy access to some of the best shopping! Also, underground stations are close by, just 5 minutes away are Holburn and Covent Garden. In my mind, this is the best way to stay in London ... In style!!!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Old Dame holds up well,"Went for afternoon Tea on News Years Day on a Deal that included a bottle of Bubbly.  Great value for money at less then £20 a head !!!  Service ,food, and Bubbles were first class a very enjoyable start to the year in the heart of Theatre Land",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great staff location and hotwl,I stay in a lot of hotels for work and this is my most favourite place of all. I'm always made to feel very welcome by all the staff. In London it's the only hotel I book now! If you want to visit the west end and great restaurants this is the location to be as its all on the door step.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Luxury in only the name ""Waldorf""","The Good - location, location, location.  Its in the heart of Covent garden, where you can walk about and find everything including the famous dance studio, Pineapple.  The Bad - Rooms and décor are just average Hilton.  The shower head (rain shower head) is so close to the wall that you literally have to stand about 6 inches from the wall, not much moving around space. And the hand-held shower to so powerful that it felt like a sand-blaster, which of course can potentially flood the entire bathroom.  House keeping did not even bother to replace soaps, or to place lotions etc., on the vanity, instead they left the items in plastic bag and on the shelf.  Perhaps they were too busy.  I can post pictures to corroborate these mishaps.  The Ugly - Door man / reception service is not…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Iconic,"The Waldorf Hilton is for me a great iconic feature in central London, long before the arrival of current hotels. A charismatic and older hotel with much charm and draw for the luxury traveller, within easy distance of all the major london venues and attractions. A very good example English culture and a shining example of the hotel industry in a great capital city.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay,"Ideal location , with easy access to all of what London is about. Excellent staff and value for Monday . As a hotel I would recommend the Waldorf . You are within easy access to Theatre land and all the best that London has to offer. The hotel staff are excellent and you will fell fully relaxed after a stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great stay,"my wife and I really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, very friendly staff, beautiful evening meal in the restaurant, couldn't have asked for more. wonderful location, particularly liked the noon check-out time so we didn't have to rush the next day.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"location, location, location.  perfect spot for theater district and shopping.  we walked everywhere and never far from hotel. Breakfasts were excellent. Newspapers everywhere. staff super friendly. not overwhelming in size. close to theaters, so we walked to everything.  definite stay here again",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel and location,"A wonderful hotel with amazing location in London for theatres and  restaurants. The Concierge team are amazing, Daniel and Ciril are very friendly with a wealth of Knowledge. The rooms have been refurbished to a very high standard. The restaurant for breakfast was also amazing. We peeked in the Palm Court which also looked amazing",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Babymoon before Baby 2 Arrives,"My partner and I stayed overnight at The Waldorf Hilton on Friday 8th January.  We arrived early evening and check-in was quick and easy, and we were upgraded to a Queen Hilton Deluxe room. We walked from Holborn station and it wasn't far at all.   Pros:  - Great location. We were eating out at the Oxo Tower and then catching a show at the Southbank  Centre and it was well located for both. - Our bathroom was large and had a really powerful shower and a lovely bath (best shower I've ever had!). The towels were also very large and I always enjoy the Peter Thomas Roth toiletries when I stay at a Hilton. - The staff were extremely helpful. The porter noticed that I was 8 months pregnant and requested housekeeping to deliver extra pillows to our room to make my bump comfortable. -…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, lovely building - a bit tired but great location - bus direct to Kings Cross","We stayed here between xmas and the new year. We booked executive suite so we could partake in the free wifi, breakfast, afternoon tea and the complimentary bar between 6.30 - 8 pm. There was 3 of us and this was well worth the extra charge as we used all the facilities in the executive lounge. We came out the shows at 5- 5.30 and the location was a few minutes walk from all our shows. We went straight up to have afternoon tea. Changed for dinner and had a few drinks before we went back out. The location is great and this is old school service.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All name and no substance,"Stayed here in October.  We didn't get off to a good start, as we arrived with two small cases and struggled up the stairs, the bell boys just stood and watched.  Then we were told our room was not ready even though we arrived at check in time, we had to wait a good 45 minutes, as loyal Hilton Honors members we were treated badly.  We then arrived at our room which was a pokey little room right at the end of a corridor, I don't think I have ever stayed in such a small hotel room.  It was nicely decorated and clean and tidy as you would expect from the Hilton but you couldn't swing a cat.  There are some god points, it does have a nice pool and although we didn't get to use we looked into the exec lounge which was nice.  The thing that really let the place down is the staff, in…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great location","I have stayed here many times, and as a Hilton Diamond member I have always been well looked after.  On my last visit I had a lovely room with a small lounge area at the back of the hotel.  It was nice and quiet.  The executive lounge is comfortable with a good range of drinks and nibbles.  I also love the great breakfast in this hotel.  It's a great choice in central London, very convenient for Covent Garden and the west end theatres etc.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in the heart of the West End,"Stayed here on New Year's Day. Right in the heart of the West End it is next door to the Aldwych Theatre where we went to a show. Reception was friendly, helpful and well organised. The room was great with lots of space and was spotlessly clean. Very comfortable bed. We had a pre-theatre meal in The Homage restaurant which had fantastic ambience. The food was fine but not as special as the atmosphere led us to expect.  Breakfast was buffet style with a good range of food to suit everyone. Service was quick and helpful. Checkout was quick and efficient ...even hailing a taxi to get us to our next destination.  All in all, this is a great hotel in the heart of London.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, great room.","Stayed at the Waldorf for a short break in London. Great location, fantastic room and the staff were superb. Nothing was too much trouble for them and they made the stay what it was. Special mention to Andrea and Angela on the front desk for their polished service.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton 5 Star At It's Best,We had 2 short stays over the Christmas period and on both visits from the time we arrived until we departed we had excellent levels of service.The Gentleman on the door was very friendly and  helped to carry our luggage and on check in we were greeted by Cristina Executive Lounge Manager who said  our room was ready and we enjoyed the early check in.Our room was furnished to a very high standard with walk in wardrobe and a bathroom with large walk in rain water shower and separate bath with a television and 2 wash basins.The service in the Executive lounge was excellent and all the staff are so professional with breakfast afternoon tea and in the evening between 6 pm to 8.30 pm canapes all of a very high standard also red and white wine plus spirits served.The location just…,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice room",Traveled to the Waldorf 3 times: location is great and it has a very good gym and pool which are also open to external customers. Definitely recommend it. Improvement areas: during Christmas the lobby was not really decorated (not very festive) and the menu (breakfast and room service) has very few healthy options.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just trading on their name,"We booked an afternoon tea and expected a 5 star standard, so it was disappointing when the experience didn't match the expectation. Although the restaurant was beautifully laid out, the staff seemed more interested in clearing tables and getting it ready for the evening service.The sandwiches although nicely presented, took quite a while to arrive and the fillings were not overly generous. After finishing our sandwiches, our tea order was taken arriving just before the cake stand. The scones came with a ketchup sized pot of clotted cream and a very basic strawberry jam which had to be shared and expected to be enough for 4 scones, it wasn't. There was no offer of a fresh pot of tea which would have been handy as the scones were very dry inside as were a couple of the other…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas weekend break,Stayed over Christmas with my partner as seeing a London show for Christmas. Hotel is in a fabulous location around the corner from Covent garden. The room was perfect and the service great. Breakfast in the morning tasted fantastic and treated to a complimentary bucks fizz. Would defiantly stay again if in London for the weekend. ,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"As we arrived at 7.00 am we knew it was a long shot to get into either of the two rooms we had booked. Unfortunately we couldnt get into either room until 5.00pm. This was an agonising wait. Despite being Hilton Diamond members we were not even offered lounge access for comfort or refreshments. This was disappointing. Proximity to Covent Garden and theatres was fantastic. The Queen Hilton and Twin Rooms were very clean and reasonably roomy for London.  Service was great and front desk staff remembered and greeted me by name regularly. Unfortunately, there was a real problem with the swipe cards.Five of the six nights we were unable to access our rooms and had to return to reception to have the cards recoded. All 4 of them. Their only explanation was that our cards must've been…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Business Hotel,"Overall the Waldorf Hilton is a good business hotel. Location is excellent especially for all the musical theatres. My standard room was comfortable, clean and larger than comparable rooms in London. Air Condition was quite loud and I had to turn it off at night. Excellent Breakfast. Access to Executive Lounge was not granted because the Lounge is extremely small and the hotel was fully booked. As compensation for this, the concierge promised a free bottle of wine, which was never delivered…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed for one night and was upgraded to a superior room free of charge! Great start to the weekend.  Room was very comfortable, very clean and the en suite was lovely.  Very comfortable bed and bedding.  Only down side was it was warm and the air con was very noisy!!  Waiter in the bar late evening (Jordi) was great, he looked after us and made sure we had drinks, very attentive and very customer focused!  Only other down side was the long que and wait for a table at breakfast, made it feel not so 5 star, but once we eventually got seated, breakfast was very good. Great hotel, excellent location for all the sights and theatres! We will stay again I am sure if the air con is fixed!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My favourite business hotel in London,"The Waldorf on Aldwych has been a steady favourite of mine for over 7 years now. Rates are typical of central London but sometimes you can get a good late rate. But here are the pluses:- Good size rooms and comfortable.  No glass and steel build here -- all the nostalgia of the Waldorf blend and history with excellent friendly and helpful staff. GM Ms Palin and customer services Ms Herrera and Christina simply shine at delivering a great customer service whether your visit is business, vacation or a combination.  I have stayed at many London hotels in my time but for service this is an exemplar.  Add a fantastic central location just minutes from Covent Garden and the west end theatre land and you have your London favoured location.  I really shouldn't tell about this gem but…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,Hotel was up to expectations. Staff very helpful. The restaurant and bar were very good and the quality of food was of a high standard. There was a slight problem when leaving as the bill was not up to date but this was soon put right,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"If you can obtain a stay at the Waldorf Hilton at the right price, you should not be disappointed. The rooms we had [deluxe] were very comfortable and well maintained. They were located at the back, so whilst without a view, were very quiet in such a busy location. And the location is brilliant. Heart of London, on the edge of Covent Garden and at the end of the Strand. We had a great time.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Comfort and Welcome,"Waldorf, London is perfectly located for West London. The staff were very welcoming, helpful and made us feel very comfortable. We have no hesitation in recommending and look forward to returning soon.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I needed a hotel in the Covent Garden area and the Waldorf was perfectly located for my needs. I have stayed in many London hotels and found the Waldorf to be perfectly comfortable. Had a good sized room which was very quiet and everyone I came in contact with were very friendly.  It was warm in London this particular weekend and the air conditioning in my room worked well. The hotel gym and pool are downstairs and part of a gym chain, so it is full sized with lots of equipment. The front desk staff at the gym could not have been more helpful. All of the sites I wanted to see were within walking distance so didn’t need to use the buses which stop right outside the hotel. Overall a fine stay and I would not hesitate to stay at the Waldorf again.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as good you'd think,"Well the staff are lovely, the rooms are great too - what spoiled the stay was visiting the executive lounge... Whilst I appreciate the staff can't determine the people visiting it was very busy in the lounge and a bit of a free for all.  To be honest though this is supposed to be one of the nicer Hilton hotels in London and it doesn't feel all that special.  If it's panache and luxury you are looking for then this isn't it.  Doesn't mean it's bad it's just not hitting the mark.   (Though the bowler hat for the concierge is cool)",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor clubroom & non existent room service,"The hotel is well located & the breakfast staff in the main restaurant went above & beyond & deserve a positive mention. Unfortunately it all goes downhill from here! The club room was shocking & rather than canapés or nibbles they offered bowls of oven chips, crackers & a few bottles of wine on a table. The room is so small that when the hotel is busy it resembles a free for all. Do not pay extra for this facility as you will feel robbed.  We stayed for a weekend break & after a Saturday night show we arrived back to our room at approx 10pm. We were all hungry & tired so checked the in room dining menu which stated that the all day menu was available until 11pm. When I rung room service (at 10.40) the man on the end of the phone advised me that we could not order food as there…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A perfect stay in London,"We booked a two night stay over the New Year. It was our first time at the Waldorf but  certainly won't be our last! The location is perfect for exploring London and it gives you a welcoming base to return to in the evening. The room size is great for London hotels and the huge bath tub was great for relaxing after a full day of sales shopping! We ended up eating at the Homage restaurant on both nights of our stay as the food was delicious and prices were very good. We also tried the afternoon tea, for myself having coeliac disease I was delighted, as I was able to have my own full afternoon tea including gluten free scones and cakes! We didn't manage to find the time to try out the sauna as were busy going to shows and shopping and unfortunately it shut earlier on the weekends,…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good Hilton service and product but lacks charm and character","This is a good hotel with all the usual trimmings,  good location, good staff and service, very comfortable rooms and beds and good bathrooms,  all very clean and to the standard you would expect from Hilton.  What was somewhat disappointing is that I would have expected more of the character and charm of this Iconic hotel to be evident, instead it seems very muted,  uneventful and clinical lobby and tired function room and breakfast hall,  this property is marketed as a part of theatre land glamour with high tea and cocktails in the bar but it has the feeling of a business class lounge in dubai airport rather than a part of London theatreland history.  Its good value but if you want the ""classic"" experience go to one of the great hotels over the road,  obviously you'll be…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"wellcome, comfort and quiet in the full of live district of Covent Garden","We appreciaed our stay in a nice room, very quiet. The hotel is between Covent Garden and the Thames, wich is really prefect with buses and subway around. The staff is really nice, kind and smile+++ Breakfast offers a large buffet. We had also an excellent dinner at the restaurant Hommage. The fitness and pool are nice, very clean (except that the opening is a bit late on week end) and there are many training machines. Really a great experience in this stay.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Holiday Stay,We stayed during Christmas holiday.  Room had heating problem-engineer was called in to help.  Executive lounge furniture stained and dirty-very poor impression. Staff was very helpful.  Location is great.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money!,"I booked this hotel for me and my girlfriend for one night in london whilst visiting the theatre. I was originally planning to stay at the strand hotel but picked the waldorf due to location. Check in was simple I was given the room keys and asked to pay a £50 deposit for the mini bar, however it would of been nice for a porter to of taken out bags to our room as we waited in the check on que for around 5 minutes. The room was on the 7th floor, the windows are tiny so not much of a view, the mini bar was half empty and the cover for the plug socket was laying on the floor! There was only one dressing gown and slipper set in the which was odd for a queen room. Apart from this the room was clean and bathroom was lovely.   I wouldnt recommend this hotel as I feel there is a lot…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on December 21, 2015. Our room was very nicely decorated but very small (which is 'normal' for London). The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nicely fitted. We had a very bad view of the back of a building but not a big deal as we were there to see the West End. Easy walking distance to the West End. We would defiantly stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok.  Ish,"Was so looking forward to our stay for my granddaughters 13 th birthday ,hotel was really nice from outside , ok inside not fabulous ,room was quite nice with a roll up bed for my granddaughter, could have been better ,mini bar in room,no price list and could not see what was in unless you took something out !! Not good , breakfast was very very average ,cold plates,Luke warm food ,not a patch on holiday inn breakfasts ,they really need to sort out the breakfast ,also I do not want a mug of coffee at the Waldorf,I want a cup and saucer ,I hate mugs they are thick and horrible to drink out of,no point telling the staff they do not want to know,mentioned on checkout about the poor state of breakfast and she really was not bothered ,£16.00 per head £48.00 in total ,not worth £10.00…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Position,"Great Position near Covent Garden and underground . Easy to travel anywhere within London. Good breakfast considering it was buffet style. Nicely presented cocktails. Room OK, the hotel do provide gowns and slippers.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Stayed here when going to see Mamma Mia !, right next door to the hotel. Having stayed in Hilton hotels around the world, I thought I knew what we'd be getting but this hotel exceeded all my expectations. The room was very warm and the air conditioning didn't make that much difference, but the room was really very nice. Furnished to a very high standard and was unbelievably quiet, considering the location which is, by the way, terrific for visiting, not just the West End theatre district but all of central London. Every member of staff takes care to make the stay the best they can and all go the extra mile. Breakfast is great with excellent choice of very good quality food. The bar prices were a little high but not for the center of London and, again, the quality and delivery of…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Concierge and Location,The best part of this Hotel was the excellent service provided by the Concierge and the location for this wonderful property. Rooms are very nice. Hotel staff were very helpful. Executive Lounge had a wonderful breakfast every day.  Staff very pleasant. But above all the concierge staff is first class.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location but .........doubt we'd return,"We booked 2 nights at the Waldorf as part of a theatre break as a pre Christmas treat. We had a nice room but I've stayed in much better, it was meant to be a family room - so an extra bed for our 11 yr old daughter. It was VERY small.  The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable. I found housekeeping to be poor - our room was not serviced till early evening and only when I called housekeeping. She was rude and off hand when I called and would not believe that I hadn't put the do not disturb light on. Breakfast was good although I've had better. My daughter loved the pool - it was empty - so she had it to herself. What they don't tell you once you eventually find the gym/pool area that you need to buy a locker key - tricky when all you have is your room card!  Overall both…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2 Night New Year Stay,Excellent hotel in every aspect except that the bar is smaller than you would expect and although we managed to secure a table for 6 of us there was only one available table with further seating in the foyer but not in the bar.  We ate dinner in the restaurant on the first night and the quality and dining experience was excellent so we returned for the second night.  The only thing that I could say to improve was that the room was a bit on the  chilly side and breakfast was really cold with some guests sitting with their coats on.  I would think this could be easily remedied or as this was New Year morning perhaps it was by design to wake us all up.  It worked.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Very disappointed with the Waldorf as had looked forward to staying here. While many of the staff were charming, there was a frosty ""ice maiden"" on reception which as first point of contact gives a bad impression.  Our suite was not ready at the appointed time when we arrived and so we had to have afternoon tea in the Executive lounge to pass the time. Bad start. This was a mediocre self service ""canteen"" with not a lot of help if you needed it. When our suite was actually ready,  we were not informed but had to ask, to find the keys had been deposited with the manager who could have told us earlier. The suite was clean, bright and adequate, the decor looked rather tacky for what was once a famous elegant Art Deco hotel in the Strand. All was well, we spent a pleasant night,…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful stylish hotel,We treated ourselves to a luxury night at this hotel and really enjoyed everything the hotel offered! We were upgraded to an Executive King and had a lovely room with excellent bathroom facilities! Special note to Sunny in Concerierge as he was helpful and friendly!,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury stay in perfect location,"We stayed for 3 nights in an executive king room with executive lounge access.  Quick efficient check in.  We were an hour early to go to our room but could access the lounge. Such a lovely room offering various snacks and drinks throughout the day, all complimentary. We thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon tea and the wine and baileys in the evening.  Our daughter also found the soft drinks in the fridge a treat too. Our room was very spacious with plenty of room for a foldaway bed. The bathroom was also luxurious and spacious with a nice selection of toiletries. We paid for breakfast in advance and we're so glad we did. We could choose from eating in the exec lounge or restaurant.  We ate everyday in the restaurant as the choice of food  was excellent and served in lovely…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Excellent covent garden location. The rooms are ok, bit oldish. Overpriced ordinary English breakfast and room tariffs. Definitely not 5 star. Small rooms. Pool and other fitness facility do not belong to the hotel, so could not contact my family when I needed who were in the room. No locker facility provided for the same.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and nicely presented hotel,I actually got this room from a secret rooms purchase and I was very pleased. Great room included a bath and all the expected 5 star amenities. Robes and toiletries etc. They extended my check  out as I had a late flight and I found reception and concierge very efficient.  Location is fantastic. Right by covent garden but not overly noisy. Close to a Pret for a cheap and nutritious breakfast which was all I wanted. I would stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,We had a pleasant one night stay here post- Christmas for my son's birthday. Room was clean and comfortable and we enjoyed using the pool twice during our stay. A birthday cake delivered to the room while we were at the pool was a nice touch. We enjoyed a drink in the bar before dining elsewhere as planned. We had to queue for breakfast in the morning but didn't take too long. Lots of choice for breakfast including 3 different types of bacon and freshly cooked muffins brought to the table.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Slightly disappointed,"First time using this hotel, had high hopes based on reputation and standing. Stayed for two nights and catering was excellent as expected throughout. However room was disappointing in size, furnishing and cleanliness, we actually found several quite large pieces of broken glass next to the bed, which was left with a note for the cleaner. The bar is very small for the size of the hotel, given that it was Christmas party season, there were times when you could not get into the bar, or if you did you could not get served. Lifts are slow and inadequate for the hotel.  It was noticeable that house keeping appeared to be struggling, trays of dirty plates and food lefts outside rooms in corridors all day / night. Will not be rushing back.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,guyrm,Pre Xmas stay for one night . Lovely rooms and well finished. Food and service superb. Location superb. All in all as expected. I stayed some years ago during renovation . Hotel now much improved. Will stay again for sure next Time in London. Perfect stay,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,New years eve,Service on arrival was faultless room lovely.food for New year meal beautiful shame they got our starters wrong even though they had written it down  crackers were cheap rubbish fun boxes were poor quality cheap stuff which was a shame considering the quality of the hotel.DJ got midnight wrong big style which is a total no no on New Years Eve missed it totally even with the TV on live countdown from less than a mile away. From such a supposedly prestigious hotel I'm  appalled.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,AMAZING,"i used to go to London every year and the last month i decided to try this Hotel! It was my best choice ever! I loved the atmosphere, the hotel is really elegant,the staff was very kind and helpfull...LOVED iT!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 Stars and a restaurant like Fawlty Towers!,"I am HH Gold card member and this is hotel chain I always use on business or pleasure. The reason is I am the “better to be safe than sorry” mind set traveller.  Cosmetically (on arrival), the Waldorf London looks everything you would expect. Opened in 1908, the décor whilst ‘tired’, is ‘original’ and splendidly captures the ambience of nostalga!  I have read this is an upscale hotel. Quite frankly, when you simply read the Trip Advisor rating menu and see 3 is Average and 4 is Very Good then I quickly conclude the hotel falls short of a 4. The ‘arrivals’ crew were polite and courteous and the wood panelled (but extremely small) hotel bar was welcoming when the room was not ready at 2.40 pm (check in 3pm). Firstly, what strikes me of the bar is that it is so small for a hotel…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf found Wanting!,"Arrived on time, room not ready,waited an hour for said room.Could hear the next rooms bathroom / shower through our bedroom wall!Breakfast never arrived on time, then was brought back, so the food was cold. Was then charged for drinks from the mini bar we never had!!",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Maybe more Hilton than Waldorf,"Having stayed at The Waldorf London some years ago (and also at The Waldorf Astoria in New York), was looking forward to this surprise trip organised by the mem sahib to get my bi-annual fix of Les Mis. Overall there was nothing that I could say was particularly wrong or bad, but as the title suggest it is becoming Hiltonised! Check in was very efficient and our room was ready early. The room had been booked through a third party booking website, which sometimes in my experience can be problematic. In this case no problems at all and all the extra requests had been noted. As we only had an overnight bag the offer of a porter was declined. The room was OK without being exceptional (it was a standard room). Very hard mattress which was fine for us but might not suit everyone. Not…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Management requires serious training in running a hotel of this repute,"First stay at the Waldorf.  A little disappointed as I was expecting a certain standard, especially as it now owned by the Hilton Group.  The Hotel is perfectly located for central London and the theatre district.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  On arrival I was expecting to be assisted with my luggage up the stairs by the staff who instead chose to smile while I struggled with my bags.  I initiated the ""good afternoon"" - fairly basic requirement.  Check-in was fairly smooth.  We had 2 rooms - one of which had robes and slippers and the other one had none.  Dinner in the Homage restaurant was slow, despite being half empty, and the food was warm.  The reason for the slow service was that a lot of people had requested room service!!  Thank goodness the restaurant wasn't…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worse night sleep ever,"I booked this and expected a nice romantic time away with my pregnant wife, the room was ok but the bed was so uncomfortable it was hard and the pillows where even worse, we asked reception for more pillows and instead of bringing more they came and just swopped them for exactly the same pillows. The bath had rust on the edges and the speakers in the bathroom wouldn't turn off so it just hums. We decided to take a swim in the great advertised gym, when we arrived at the gym we where asked to sign in with no pen available?? Then when I went to change in the dressing room I found the lockers for hire had no locks so I asked reception how I get a lock and I was told I have to buy a lock (not hire) for £10 this was ridiculous what do I need to buy a lock for but more importantly who…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We stayed for our daughter's 21st birthday weekend just before Christmas. Plus points were quiet rooms and good standard of cleanliness throughout. An iconic building in a good location. Doormen deserve a special mention as they were always pleasant and 'went the extra mile' regarding service. Minus points included very slow and inattentive restaurant service, reception staff were not particularly welcoming or helpful. We arrived back at 5pm after a long day in London to find our rooms being cleaned, with soap and coffee etc.  Check your bill-they tried to charge us twice.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A magical Christmas,"We spent 3 magical nights at the Waldorf. The Christmas spirit was certainly evident and the decor was reminiscent of Christmases in days past. History is everywhere here. I had a beautifully spacious room on E Floor.  A huge and comfortable bed and chaise longue and a truly luxurious bathroom with TV above bath. We had dinner in the restaurant which was lovely, followed by cocktails and mocktails in the bar. The passion fruit mocktails  was dreamy. Loved the executive lounge and spent lots of time there, looked after by friendly and attentive staff. In fact , the staff throughout the hotel were fabulous. Sometimes in large hotels the staff can be disappointing but here, I felt pampered and so welcome. Thanks to all!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Smooth operation,"If you knew the old Waldorf, do not expect it! The hotel was sold and renewed a few years ago. Everything you would expect from an upmarket Hilton hotel: reliable, run professionally, comfortable with no unnecessary over the top luxury or much character.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good for London,"The Waldorf is located near to the City and Coventry Garden. The Most Theaters arme also weithin walking distance. I Travel to London regularly and this hotel, although it is ""old"", offers large enough rooms, is quiet, has very friendly employees and is still not overpriced. It is for London terms, a very nice 4* house and I will return.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great everything.,"The location is absolutely fantastic. In the heart of the centre really and there is a lot to do locally.   The staff are absolutely fantastic and so friendly.  I didn't leave a sooner review as I have been busy but I regret doing so as this place is worth it 100%.   It is such a beautiful hotel and I am confused as to why there are negative reviews on the hotel itself as it has a homely feel and also has elegance.   The room was fantastic, we had a joint room and the beds are absolutely fantastic. I've been to other Hiltons and the beds in all of them have been so great. I even was trying to find the company which made them to do an instant purchase.  Indoor pool was great too. Beautiful architecture.   This hotel will not disappoint.  All in all: excellent status.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Real Treat At A Reasonable Price,"wanting a couple of days of pure relaxation, we booked the Waldorf for its name and reputation. We were not disappointed. Being met by the doorman who has a wicked sense of humour, we decided to try and check in early and leave our bags. At 11am, we found our room as ready and we could go straight to the room. A wonderful quiet location, the room was beautifully clean, spacious with all the little extras. Check in was simple - we had a lovely chat with Julie who made us feel very welcome (Thankyou). The hotel is very central for Theatreland,  Covent Garden and all the lovely Christmas lights.  The cocktail bar in the evening was good fun. Again the staff were attentive but not annoyingly so, the mocktails were lovely and what a lovely relaxed atmosphere.  Breakfast was…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Such a shame to see this hotel degrade so much through the years,"The Waldorf used to be one of my top 2 hotels in London (The other one being the Langham). I have been staying in the Waldorf on and off for the last 4 years on business trips and unfortunately I saw a huge slip in quality especially in the last year. My last visit was so frustrating that despite enjoying the location, familiarity with the hotel, and the pool, I ended up choosing the Hilton at Green Park which is further away from the London office.   The best thing that the Waldorf has to offer is the location. Right in Aldwych, near the theaters, it has a fantastic location. It is very close to the Covent garden, and 5-6 pounds cab ride away from the city/St. Paul, if you are in London for work. The bar is quite nice, and cosy with a good breakfast offering in the mornings.  …",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Visit,"Pleasantly surprised after my last visit many, many years ago when I was a regular visitor to a monthly meeting here  Pleasant staff - very helpful with baggage and quick check in - breakfast included which was a bonus Very handy for all the shows",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location, friendly staff, small but comfortable room.  Some improvement points: 1. Takes a long time (over 5 mins on hold then get disconnected) to get through to housekeeping / operator during peak hours 2. Air conditioning kept breaking down   ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but overall a bit disappointing ,"My husband and I stayed here for a night to celebrate my birthday. For the price, we were a little disappointed. When we arrived, we were very wet from the rain and were not offered any help and the receptionist was quite surly. I was greeted as a Diamond member but she just wasn't up to the normal Hilton standard. The hotel does have a great location for visiting the theatres and Covent Garden. Our disappointment was our room, despite  paying an upgrade fee, the room was very tired looking and the bed was the most uncomfortable that I have ever slept on. Having stayed at a lot of Hiltons I just felt that this wasn't up to the normal standard. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"Excellent location for theatreland and Covent Garden. Nice building. Check-in fine,check-out slow as a result of computer glitches.bane of modern life. Room quite small but furnished to a reasonable standard.Clean. Bathroom ok size with a bath and over bath shower.Toiletries adequate and towels plentiful. Bed was comfortable. Complimentary tea and coffee.Mini bar,expensive as usual of course.Complimentary water provided. All in all a perfectly decent choice.It ain't The Ritz or Savoy but there again it's much less expensive than either of those and it's much easier to get in the bar than The Ritz.For a 1 or 2 night stop therefore it ticks plenty of boxes One bug bear is it's still an hotel that charges for in-room wifi although there's some free use in some public areas.In this…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,We usually visit a top hotel in London every year and this year we decided to try the Waldorf.  I was a bit disappointed with the room as I was expecting a little bit more luxury as we had had at the Ritz and Savoy.  The room was very stuffy even in December and the windows only open a little so we couldn't much fresh air.  The towel rail in the bathroom was on all the time which didn't help and the air conditioning was a waste of time. The breakfast was really good but overpriced if you were paying separately. The service was pretty poor and we had to wait a while for a table to be prepared even though there were empty tables the staff were pretty slow at re-setting them.  We also had to chase the waiter for some coffee. The biggest disappointment of our stay was definitely the…,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip,"Beautiful hotel , we requested to move rooms as the air con unit above us on 8th floor was noisy. There was no hesitation on this. Very handy for theatre land which of which ours  was next door. Slight problem when we arrived back was that  my husband couldn't have a certain beer through room service that he had in the bar which was a bit bemusing, and being told that it would take 45 minutes for a couple of drinks. We decided on the mini bar in the end . A really nice hotel but a couple of niggles . Maybe just a blip being the time of year",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, staff and location","We visited in the summer and enjoyed the great location, and amenities the hotel had to offer.  The breakfast was outstanding with an awesome waitress who was giving all the children freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.  The Conceirge was excellent and very helpful",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London trip ruined,I booked a junior suite for myself and my two daughters to find that our room was situated over a function room which had extremely loud party going on which w head to endure. When we booked we were told that afternoon tea was included in the price to find that we were sent off to the very dull executive lounge with nothin more than a poorly laid out buffet of not a lot. Our room onto had 2 cups laid out an done robe despite the booking being for 3 adults. If that wasn't bad enough we had to cue for breakfast and wait for ages for tea to be served. I then emailed to express my disappointment to be offered a discount on my next visit. Why on earth would I go back ? Old hat hotel. Very poor !!!  ,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good place to stay in London for west end,"stayed for one night. friendly staff nice bar restaurant was fully booked pre show which was dissapointing - advice to others - book the restaurant. Nice small bar on the ground floor Our bedroom on first floor was very nice, nicely furnished. Bathroom ( no bath) was quite small. very convienient for Covent garden",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Vintage London,The Waldorf is so well located near Covent Garden.  Great for sight seeing and shopping. The room's are nostalgic and beautiful.  Ideal for business or romance. Would definitely stay again and reasonably priced for a hotel of its status.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 STAR HOTEL OVER PRICED,"WiFi not working properly in main room.  Air condition not working in main room.  Requested children's bed to be made up before we left for the evening only to find this not done at 11pm, not good.  Staff friendly and polite, room clean.   Service has gone down hill since we last stayed  - would not stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Did not live up to my expectations.,"Stayed for two nights with my daughter December 10th and 11th.  Used points and cash. few days before check in i received an email with the offer of an upgrade to a king executive room for a fee.  i looked on the hilton website to find out what to expect before agreeing to the offer.   So checked in about 11am room was not ready but we were allowed to use the executive lounge while they got the room ready. The lounge was nice, comfortable, cosy.  The personal were very friendly and greeted me by name. Breakfast was good, included sausage, bacon, runny scrambled eggs, as well as fruit cereal, and continental items.  Afternoon tea was not much to write home about.  Sandwiches, one type of cake, ok scones.  Evening snacks were very lite bites, wine, and four different spirits with…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A cozy modern room but no standing mirror :(,"We spent two nights at hotel, I really like a cozy modern room total in white color it look clean.   But I was disappointed the room 121 where I stayed no standing mirror. The room has mirror but small one at the table not high enought. I like to see my outfit when dress up. Then I made wrong combination my outfit. It made me uncomfortable when out. The room I stayed in July there was standing mirror in the wardrobe door.   Breakfast was delicious in a big nice room.  Staffs is ok... I think they should smile and friendly.   Location: The hotel is very close to Covent Garden and famous oldest restaurant Rules . Trafalgar square approx 760 meters and 1km to Regent shopping street ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"OK, but tons of niggles","This is a great looking hotel in the heart of London - the location is perfect for theatreland and Covent Garden.  It says it's a luxury hotel, and in many ways it is, but a few experiences here were definitely not what I'd expect, especially around arrival.  On arriving I got out of a cab with my suitcase and the doorman just looked at me as I lifted it out and walked over. I thought the whole point of doormen was to help people in and out of the hotel. Even the cab driver was surprised.  Check in was a also flaky as the receptionist didn't give me any details about accessing wifi, didn't appear to know that I was already fully paid up, including extras (she asked me for my card twice) and didn't tell me my room number or give me directions to the lifts. She also called me sir.…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea - a disappointment,"What a disappointment. This was a treat for my daughter's birthday but it failed to delight. The service was slow, unsmiling and unhelpful. We had to ask for everything; trying to catch a waiter's eye when they were manifestly trying to avoid ours. Not once did anyone ask us if we were OK, if we needed anything or generally if we were enjoying our experience.  We had booked for 3:45 but it seemed that the staff were more interested in laying up for dinner than in serving customers. The food was just adequate but not something that I would expect from a hotel such as the Waldorf. When 12.5% service charge is automatically added to the bill it seems somewhat of an insult to the customer. Take my advice - go to Harrods for afternoon tea. Wonderful service, wonderful food, you are…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice 4 star hotel,Great hotel and I am not a fan of Hilton. Staff was very friendly and efficient.  Hotel was clean quite and in a great location when visiting LSE and also very convenient to many theaters.  Only gripe was the overnight room service menu is very limited.  Will be returning to London in February and the Waldorf is on my short list of hotels.   Last point don’t waste your time or money at Cucina Aselina which is located directly across the street.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location & Service,"Location was perfect. Easily walked almost everywhere I wanted for my sightseeing.  I had an executive room on the 7th floor and it was wonderful. I'd read that the street rooms could be loud, I had a courtyard view which was fine, since I was out quite a bit.  The bathroom was very, very nice!   I was there for a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night and the Executive Lounge was quite over-crowded each time I visited.  Breakfast on Sunday morning in their Homage Restaurant was average, nothing outstanding, just the normal scrambled-runny eggs, bangers, bacon, and all the continental items as usual.   I even managed to use the pool. It was just as advertised. It's in the LA Fitness Center and takes quite a tour or hallways to get to it, but overall very nice for swimming laps. …",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect spot for visiting Covent Garden & West End. Beautiful 1920s bar. Expensive breakfast. ,Perfect spot for visiting Covent Garden & West End. Beautiful 1920s bar. Expensive breakfast at £22 per head so we went to one of the other many options locally. Well decorated with lots of original features. A small room with a small double but with a big bathroom with lovely hot water and bath. Fruit platter on arrival. Helpful staff. The swimming pool and leisure centre was a great benefit to relax after a long day out. The bar offered delightful cocktails. Not cheap but lovely atmosphere on a Saturday evening. Average cocktail price approx. £15. Would stay again if I needed a hotel nearby to the theatres. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas trip ,"We stayed at the Waldorf for one night, it was an excellent stay and will be returning the staff were always friendly and helpful ! Breakfast was delicious and there was plenty of choice, the room was lovely and the bed very comfortable, we loved the hotel it has everything you need and is beautiful and closely situated to Covent Garden and to Theatre land .",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply the best !!,We travelled as an extended family with 4 Executive rooms and had the best pre Christmas break you could imagine. We would not consider staying any where else when in London to see the shows. All the staff go that extra mile to make all is as it should be. We will definitely continue to make this hotel of choice. We travel widely and cannot believe some of negative reviews. This class. We will be booking again shortly.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Hotel, Location and Atmosphere","Stayed one night when taking Grandaughter to see Mamma Mia at Novello Theatre.  Grand hotel with great atmosphere. All staff were polite, friendly and efficient and made us feel very welcome.  Super location for Theatres and Covent Garden in particular.  We stayed in a basic room which was very clean and had great shower, toiletries, bath robes, slippers, tea/coffee selection and water.  Comfortable bed and pillows.  Only negative was extra fold up bed provided in room made it slightly awkward to walk around. Will definitely return.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We booked a trip to the Waldorf Hilton for afternoon tea. We were picked up by a David Ogden Travel coach locally (Leigh Lancs) and we then travelled to London arriving about 3pm. Our rooms were ready and we were able to wash and freshen-up before going into the area set aside for the tea which was very swish with beautiful fittings and decor. The tea itself consisted of lovely sandwiches, scones,jam and clotted cream and gorgeous cakes with a choice of several coffees/teas. All very enjoyable. The rooms were well appointed with an excellent shower cubicle. The location is right in theatreland and Covent Garden is close-by. In the morning we had Breakfast which was full of choice but being a buffet I have to say that the food was generally lukewarm rather than hot. We went for a…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,apart from gym times and lounge breakfast,"Our stay @warldorf was good in terms of room quality and staff kindness but unfortunatel in 2016 a proper internet service is still not provided for free by Hilton. Service and cleanliness have been found excellent. The breakfast in the executive lounge was subject to number of guests, lounge without an available seat due to crowd... Gym and spa services timetable are ridicolous during the weekend.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what you would expect from a top class hotel,"My wife and I stayed one night to celebrate and see a show. The room was very basic and the whole place looked like it needed refurbishing. The staff advised us not to use the restaurant as it gets too busy due to people using vouchers and there is not enough staff. When we retuned to our room the noise from a party below was unbearable, we called reception who got the volume tuned down, however it then returned to previous very loud level. This went on until 1am . The staff at reception did not care or make any attempt to placate. There is lots of choice in London l would advise somewhere else. ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a treat,"In the right place for Covent Garden and lots of theatres. Staff very nice, food lovely, room ..... ok, but you're not really in there for long. A great location for a few days in London.  Book your breakfast when you sign in as they can do a deal. Also for early evening meal.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our favourite in London,"We have tried many hotels in London especially in the Hilton group but this is the best.  There are a few reasons why we like this hotel so much. Firstly the location on the Aldwych is perfect for the Theatre District and the attractions around Covent Garden. The staff are lovely and helpful and seem to want you to have a good time. They also welcome you back which is not always the case. The executive lounge is on the first floor and I am afraid it is windowless so there are no views there. However the service, the food and drink are excellent, as is the afternoon high tea.  Many rooms are smaller old London though many have been upgraded recently.  However those on the executive floor are quite swish now.  I cannot fault this hotel because it serves up exactly what we want…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"Located on Aldwych at the bottom of the Strand, it's not central London shopping wise but is surrounded by a group of theatres. We stayed for the Drury Lane Theatre for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Lion King is a minute away. Temple underground is 3 minutes away.  Inside the hotel is smart and tasteful in the public areas with fast lifts. Staying in room 701 felt the whole floor was recently renovated - and done well.  Floor 6 is the same. The bedroom was well appointed, great lighting (rare in older London hotels), roomy and crisp bed linen and a bed that proved to be very comfortable. The tea/coffee tray is well laid out and doesn't need you to crawl round the room trying to find a plug. It all neatly works where it is.  The bathroom was new, bright, clean and with a…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Waldor London - reaches new lows,"We and friends have all been staying at Waldorf a few years.   Oh my have they lowered the standards here.   We arrived from NY for 5 nights and have access to the executive lounge as well as having breakfast in the Homage the Edwardian room.   They have spectacularly ruined everything, the food quality has dived to rock bottom. The choice of food from the buffet was Dismal, not on par to the Waldorf standard, the eggs were cold, the empty pot of this or that without regular replenishments.  The weekend crowd makes it busier but still the quality of food and choices was no better on the weekdays, not busy. The choices management is making at this Hilton are sheer recklessness !  The people cooking have no idea how to prepare high foods quality level  that one normally expects at…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Waldorf has dropped !      It has become so POOR !,"We have stayed periodically at the Hilton Waldorf London this property over the last several years.   We found it a really nice luxury place.   On the upscale and Hilton lists it at Category 9.     It has dropped !      It has become so POOR.   It is too, too much !  Austerity Food quality in the restaurant and lounge, bit by bit they are CUTTING BACK QUALITY of the items.  And they are REDUCING ITEMS OFFERED.     It is sickening for a Waldorf standard. For example, the afternoon scones are hard and look like hockey pucks.   Where is the F&B management?   Where is the head chef?   Where is management to supervise all?     They are serving to a disastrously low level of food.      The weekend buffet breakfast in the Edwardian is not WELL managed.   That is despite there full well…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well located and good place to stay for a weekend,"This is really 5 stars hotel. Nice room , excellent staff , good breakfast. This is hotel is not the cheapest one but when you pay for 5 stars service and you get it so just open your wallet and pay for it! You won`t be disappointed.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good standard in central location ,"I stay here maybe once a year if I have several meetings over a couple of days in Covent Garden area as you can walk around easily. Very central for the west end, theatreland but also high court and business areas. Near the Thames for walks or runs. Hotel is good standard although not luxurious so don't be over overly seduced by the name it is more a good standard Hilton than a Waldorf Astoria in my book. Tends to be more expensive than other Hiltons for this reason. Efficient and central.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Stayed here lots on business only ever had one bad room, usually get an upgrade as I'm diamond member. Appreciate exec lounge, never  eaten here or used gym so can't comment. Not cheap but well located and convenient with good transport links Friendly staff",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Upmarket, classy and well located","Rooms here are very homely with muted shades and nicely appointed bathrooms.  Many rooms overlook the interior courtyard but this is no bad thing as it means they are very quiet for a central London location.  The public areas are quite small but the Exec lounge is very comfortable and nicely decorated  One of the best gym/leisure facilities of any hotel in central London with a fully equipped and large gym and a pool with steam room and sauna (this is a public facility housed in the hotel)  The hotel is well located for Covent Garden, The Inns of Chancery, Somerset House etc",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top notch ,"Great hotel- superb location, good sized rooms and exceptional service. One of the best executive lounges I have been in.. I paid a higher rate earlier in the week for the Hilton green park which is no where near this standard.. Will definitely stay here again ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"From the moment I walked in the door the service at the hotel was incomparable. The location was perfect- in a central location it allowed me to walk where I needed to go or catch the bus right down the road from the hotel. The lounge was very nice, as was the fitness room. The interior design and architecture was gorgeous. Overall a very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very good stay,"I stayed at this hotel for two weeks in November.  I chose it because of the location and because I am always trying to stay at Hilton-family hotels because I am a Diamond VIP member.  When I was sent the link for the online check-in, I was very surprised to see I had been assigned the tiniest room on the first floor.  So I called the hotel and the front desk manager said she would take care of me.  When I checked in I was assigned a very nice room (E19) on the executive floor.  The room is right above the main hotel entrance and quite noisy because of the traffic on the Aldwych.  I thought of asking to move rooms but the room was very nice indeed, just around the corner from the executive lounge, and I got used to the street noise. One small note, I told the staff at the front…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"My wife and I recently stayed for 1 night (we had been to an event at the O2 that evening).  We used our HHonors points to pay – we could not justify the ~£300 room rate!  The best thing about the hotel is its fantastic location and the super friendly/helpful staff.  Our room was rather bijou, but was nicely decorated and had all the facilities we needed, including (working) complimentary wi-fi.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  What was surprising for a central London hotel was that it was quiet with good insulation against both external and internal noise – we had no problems sleeping.  The only issue we had with the room was that the a/c packed up after a couple of hours.  But the room remained pleasantly cool so it wasn’t a big problem.  We took breakfast the next…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality Hotel,An excellent hotel in a great location. If you're going to be wandering around Covent Garden or seeing a show this is a great base. Straight down the Strand to Trafalgar Square and Buckingham Palace. If you're looking for a decent pub try the Lyceum just past the Wellington on the corner.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good birthday visit,"Just returned from a fantastic stay at the Waldorf Hilton upgraded to a king exec room and all I can say is it pays for itself, to start for London the room was very large and comfortable there were a couple of tired bits but nothing that effected our stay my daughter loved it. The exec lounge offered so much tea coffee cakes in the afternoon, to hot snacks and all types of alcohol in the evening on to breakfast in the morning all complementary you really could not ask for more, if your staying in theatre land and can afford the exec level it pays for its self in soo many ways we had a great sleep and and fantastic stay ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Not as great as Waldorf Dubai and Waldorf RAK but the location of this hotel is perfect and is within walking distance to SOHO and near train stations.   On a good note: the room and bathroom were spacious enough, clean and had great pillows....very important for me.  On a bad note: At 3:15 pm when we got back to our room from a morning and afternoon out, it was still not cleaned.  I called guest relations and asked if this was an oversight but the young man proudly informed me that housekeeping is done up until 5pm!!!!!  I was totally annoyed, reminded the person on the phone that this is the Waldorf and requested that the room be cleaned immediately.  The breakfast queue was ridiculously LONG. There was only one Bulgarian staff seating guests for breakfast.  The choice of food…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,We stayed at the Waldorf for a wedding that was being held there. We loved everything about the hotel. All the staff we were served by during our stay were really friendly and helpful. We had requested a early check in for our room and our friends' room and the hotel were able to accommodate this. The breakfast was fantastic and the breakfast staff even boxed up some muffins for us to take away. The location is very central and a great base for the theatre district or exploring London.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly,"Staff are excellent, but there always seems to be something wrong with the room. On this occasion the main shower did not work. On a previous visit, it was the air-conditioning. If the location is right for you, and you don't want to pay Savoy prices, then stay here.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic City Weekend Break,"Fabulous location, right in the heart of the west end, the shops, restaurants, theatre and general fun are all within walking distance.  Quality is expected and is delivered.  You must try the cocktail list at an extremely stylist bar!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our stay at the Waldorf,Mt daughters organised a trip to the Shard with a meal in their restaurant for my 60th birthday. They kindly booked two rooms at the Waldorf for myself my wife and friends for the occasion. We found our stay at the hotel a very pleasant experience and would strongly recommend to anyone visiting London.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely not a good investment!,"I stayed at your hotel during the recent Barclays ATP World Tour Finals. Below is some of my feedback:  (1)    I have no problem with hotels taking credit card deposits but I do not think charging people after seven days is a very customer-friendly approach for stays exceeding seven days. Customers get charged at two different points in time and at two different exchange rates which could be playing in their disadvantage.    (2)    On more than one occasion, I had to tell Reception to send up cotton buds. After my ninth night I still had not received them. I believe this is not a serious approach. A hotel at 259 GBP a night (discounted rate!) that does not provide cotton buds (20 pence each) – I do not think I need to tell you how stupid and cheap it makes Hilton look…   (3)   …",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Dont Bother, better around certainly for the price !","Visited London with friends to see a show and booked into the the Waldorf in Aldwych, first impressions ok and room was small but clean and good enough, bed unfroyunalety was rock hard and the air con was extremely noisy and not very cood, i assume they have turned the chillers off to save money. The main problem is the small facilities !, went to the hotel bar to get drinks but you are not allowed to stand at the bar as it is waited service only however the amount fo tables available is minimum and therefore we were not allowed to have a drink in the hotel that we were staying in !!!, Sunday morning we went for breakfast and behold a the line to get in the breakfast room was about 50 strong because the seating available again was not adequate for the size of hotel, we abandoned…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappintjng,We were looking forward to staying at this hotel but stay has been spoilt by the service received. Twice turned away at the bar as not enough seating and standing at the bar was not allowed. Breakfast queue was 50 deep so gave up and went to a local restaurant instead. Bath room plumbing faulty with blocked bath. Not nice to see other residents hairs etc backing up around your feet while showering. At nearly £400 for the nights stay to then be charged for the breakfast we could not have and the items from the mini bar not drank is an insult. Staff were polite but services were not what was expected from a notable hotel like the Waldorf. ,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice room.,I liked the room which was neat and tidy and quite spacious. Bathroom was very nice (although there was a leaky tap which had gone rusty at its base due to the leak). Hotel facilities are excellent and staff very efficient and friendly. The cost of the room was also very reasonable given its location.  I would certainly stay again.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Revisited,"After a recent trip to The Waldorf Hilton , London . Our faith has been completely restored in this beautiful London Landmark hotel. An excellent stay from start to finish with top service across all aspects of the hotel , from house keeping to breakfast, lunch and dinner . Quality fayre and impeccable service ! Superb location too . We'll be back soon !",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"I have just returned from what I can only explain as an insult of a hotel stay at the Waldorf , I booked and paid £1200 for an overnight stay for 3 professional mid 40s aged couples, to visit a theatre show, during our short stay we were at 7pm at night turned away from the small and only bar as it was to full and no tables available due to a outside hire function, giving zero care about highly charged residents, we then left and went to see our show returning to hotel at 10.30pm which still at that time was told no tables available and only thing we could do was sit in lobby right by front doors where all party booked was smoking (nice) . Giving this was only option we sat, then waitress eventually turned up and we tried to order a basic round of drinks to be told we have ran…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC HOTEL...BUT ,Me and my wife stayed at the Waldorf London on Friday the 27th Nov we arrived about 11.30 booked in was quick and easy with fantastic staff our room wasn't ready until 3 which was no problem we left our luggage with concierge who give you a tkt for when you go back to collect.we then went out visiting sights around London and come back to the hotel about 5 we had room 631 on the top floor which was a lovely too very clean indeed fantastic bathroom in fact looked like it had just been decorated it was that clean and spotless there was one problem which I will get to at the end so anyone reading negative comments on this hotel I could not agree it's fantastic in a great location we watched a show on the night and came back to the hotel and had a fantastic nights sleep on a very…,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Saturday evening meal,"We visited The Waldorf Hilton Coventry Garden on a Saturday evening using a Wowcher for a 3 course meal plus a free bottle of Prosecco. Lovely dining room and nice ambience . The choice of courses was good and the food was well presented and very tasty. Our waitress ( Monica) was excellent and helped make our meal special, even when we were served the wrong dessert course she changed it without any fuss and was superb..  If a similar offer/ Wowcher comes up again= we will definitely go again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not good for family...noise until after midnight from party,"We stayed here several times in past years and we are beginning to think we should stop! Two problems: 1 - family rooms on first floor right above the main event room = terrible sleep for kids until after midnight 2 - breakfast was very disorganised with poor organisation at reception and people hanging around before being allowed in to have breakfast. Even having room service breakfast doesn't work well as they charge another £6 per person plus a tray charge of £5 when you have inclusive breakfast, which is £29 for a family of four on top of your B&B rate of over £300; really? Not good enough.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, great location","The Waldorf is in a great location near many of the theatres and several great restaurants are just a short walk away.  There is also plenty of shopping nearby and it it a short stroll to Trafalger Square.  The rooms and service are excellent.  At times, this hotel is pricey, but in comparison to other hotels that are similar prices, this one is well worth it.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"The Waldorf Hilton in the West End is a lovely hotel, staffed by caring people. The service was extremely good and the accommodations were very good. I highly recommend it if you are staying in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location a bit pricey ,Nice London hotel. Well located. Only draw backs; 1) executive lounge standing room only at many times 2) very short gym hours via shared gym 3) pricey  they are higher than most and would not price match what my coworker paid (every other Hilton I have ever staid at would). Even after speaking with management they refused to adjust to my coworkers price. Overall a good choice in London if you have money and want to see nearby theater ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointing and below the usual Hilton standards,"0 am a hilton Gold member and I nearly stay at Hilton's exclusively now and this was definitely one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a Hilton.   The good :   Room was spotless. It's location is perfect for the theatres.   The bad :   The hotel is clearly busy and they do not have enough staff to manage this. The breakfast was manic and most of the food was cold. We had to ask to get served tea and all the staff looked overworked and understaffed. The quality of the food was spoilt by the fact it was cold.   The reception was only staffed by one member and there were large queues.   I expect more from a hilton, especially one with such a large pricetag. You did not feel welcomed at this hotel in the slightest and I will not be staying there again considering some of the…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oh dear,"I know we should only say nice things on TripAdvisor so I will not say anything but rather share a photograph of the breakfast I was served here a few weeks ago.  My reason for doing so is simply to alert Management that this is simply unacceptable at a hotel of this calibre.  I sincerely hope the chefs improve the presentation of something so simple for future guests.  The ambience of the room, the hotel lobby etc were stunning as expected.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but there are better Hilton's in London,"The main thing going for this hotel is the location - right on the edge of Covent garden, close to the British museum, the strand etc, so walking is easy. I've always wanted to stay, and we stayed two nights.  I have to say it wasn't as grand as I expected, check in was easy though not as warm as I've experienced in.other Hilton's.  We were upgraded (as we are gold members) and though the room was clean and tidy it was far from anything special - I assume you need a suite for a special room here. Breakfast was a disaster, waiters couldn't remember your requests and the room was far too small and cramped, had much better choice at the canary wharf hilton where we stayed on our third night. What I particularly disliked was the ridiculously aggressive doorwoman on the door on…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,Enjoyed our break at the Waldorf our third stay overall  Staff very pleasant  Room was nice.. especially the bathroom Bed rather hard for my liking and air con not as cold as I would of liked  Breakfast was included in our stay and was delightful  God Godfreys bar nice for a drink  Brilliant location  Will stay here again on my next trip ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel--bad web info,"This is a great hotel, but shop the price.  The Hilton says they will match lower rates, but they do not. When you request a price match, you will be sent around in circles. Book this hotel on a different place.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,waldorf wonderful,"the hotel has plenty of charm and is far from the modern cookie cutter hotels you often see these days.  Understated charm in a top location with staff that is friendly and attentive. The pub on the first floor often features a piano player and has a large selection of ales and ciders, I enjoyed the Stella cider personally.  There are also an interesting mix of small plates to sample.  All of the facilities are top notch and I had a wonder stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel ,"Great location and area. We had great room very comfortable . The staff was very helpful and accommodating . We had to leave early in the morning before they were open for breakfast . They let us in to grab food to go , it was much appreciated . They helped us get a cab to the train station in the morning as well . All the way round was an enjoyable stay . ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and a full service gym,"Stayed here for 5 days in October, 2015 Great location if you would like to be in close proximity to Covent garden, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The rooms are really nice and quiet as well. The best part of my stay was the access to a full service gym at La Fitness. Having stayed at several hotels in london, this hotel has one of the best gyms in this area. I am a vegetarian and didn't find many options for myself in the breakfast menu. That's the only recommendation to improve the breakfast menu and have some options for vegetarians.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Overnight stay,"I hadn't stayed over at the Waldorf Hilton for a while and was happy to spend a night there this week.  Still consistently good, excellent staff and reception. Clean room and bathroom and of course, excellently located!  Breakfast is a bit overpriced.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebration at the Waldorf,"My husband and I planned a weekend break in London to celebrate my birthday. As a birthday present my daughter booked and paid for us to stay 2 nights at the Waldorf as she knew we had enjoyed staying at this hotel twice previously.  On our arrival late morning, as expected, we were told our room was not ready but we were able to check in then went sightseeing. When we returned to the hotel in the early evening and entered the room, there was a small chocolate cake with Happy Birthday written on the plate for me. I thought my daughter had requested and paid extra for this but she said she had only mentioned to the hotel that it was my birthday. There was also a card welcoming us to the hotel and wishing me a happy birthday from the hotel's Guest Relations Manager. The room…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend mini break,"We booked here last minute for a weekend break away. Location is great, approximately 10mins from the Covent Garden tube station & right within the theatre district. It would have been ideal if we'd booked tickets for the west end whilst staying here. Good size rooms given location (I've stayed in expensive glorified ""box"" rooms elsewhere), prompt check in & comfy bed. Lots of restaurants & cafes within walking distance, would certainly stay here again!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel near Covent Garden,"Small but comfortable room, very well located near Covent Garden and within walking distance to Fleet Street, London Eye, Big Ben, Trafalgar Square, etc.  Only there for a weekend but the hotel was a good base to explore from, the concierge was nice the few times we had questions and the 24-hour room service was a plus.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebration in London,"Very friendly staff who go out of their way to be helpful. The hotel is in an ideal position for theatre trips, west end and Covent Garden shopping and sightseeing. We will certainly return (probably a weekend when the Argentine Tango tea dance is on)",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,poor service,"Upon attending at reception on Sunday, 15 November 2015 at approximately 1 PM there were two receptionists on duty. The one that dealt with my booking was rude, totally disinterested in the fact that we had paperwork from the Hilton pre-booking program totally disinterested that the room that we had requested was not available was only interested in booking us a room that she said we would like and then could not even tell us which room it was but as long as we paid more for the room it would then be available or there would be nothing.  She did not try to do anything to assist. We then went online and online it stated that the room i.e. room standard was available to book so either she was wrong or the Internet site was incorrect either way this was not a good experience. I can…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for the tbeatre's,"Was there with my Grandaughter and found the hotel excellent for the theatres most a walk away.  We paid an extra £100 for a room upgrade.  The Dinner was realy good, and a superb selection for breakfast, look forward to returning when we next go to London to see another show.  The room was very good, as you would expect from a hotel with a good reputation.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I stayed in the hotel for four nights. The hotel is located near Covent Garden. It is also within walking distance to the Trafalgar Square. We stayed in the 8th floor. The elevator works only up to 7th floor. So, we had to use the stairs to the 8th floor. A room was clean and well-maintained. It was a pleasant stay. A minor complaint is that it is very difficult to contact the staff members by phone. I called the front desk several times. However, no one answered the phone call.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend stay,"What can I say about the staff, they were excellent, from the lovely Scottish concierge to the french waitress at dinner.  We stayed in room 733 which was spacious and very clean.  Overall a very relaxing lovely stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to scratch,"Went to London really looking forward to staying at this top hotel, and had prepaid in advance . We were put in room 720 which stunk of smoke, when we complained we were told it was a non smoking room. !!!  I assume because we had prepaid they were really not bothered, they did offer us a very small room on the 3rd floor but when i told them we had paid for an Executive plus room they said none of them would be available for us to move to. It was either stasy put in the smelly room or move to another lesser room with no refund. This spoiled the whole weekend having to keep the windows fully open the whole time. As a gold HH member i think it is very poor. Also on Friday the Executive lounge had water coming through the ceiling which was not very good as i had some customers with…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Annual Dinner,"I was a guest at the annual BWPA Dinner last Thursday evening in the Palm Court.  All courses of the food was excellent, and the service was efficient and friendly.   Our table wine waiter was very attentive.  The cabaret is always a surprise and this year we were treated to a performance by Rick Wakeman - such a talented musician we gave him standing ovations.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great doorman,"Just had a very pleasant stay here. The queen room on floor 5 was as good as expected. Not a great view from window (524) overlooking rooftops and air con piping. Breakfast was ok we had continental included in the room rate and it, was more than enough but the dining room was very crowded. Hotel highlight was the doorman from Glasgow who was very informative and helpful - an asset to the hotel",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Show Trip,Can't beat the location! Right in the heart of theatre land and easy walking distance of Piccadilly and even closer to Covent Garden. Although perhaps showing its years in some places the hotel is first class. We did pay extra for the Executive Rooms and it was worth it as the Exec lounge is very good ( other than the 6 pm rush for the free drink! ). We would return. ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My birthday treat,Room was lovely and great bathroom with plenty of complimentary shampoos etc.. Spotlessly clean.. Drinks fridge in room but did not dare touch!! V v expensive.. Lots of towels and tea and coffee making facilities.. Nice fluffy dressing gowns..!!  Breakfast in morning was just fantastic and could gave eaten more but was full... But so many yummy things to try.. Also the fresh orange was to due for.. Squeezed real oranges. Staff were excellent and friendly. Would loooove to stay their again to go days Christmas shopping!!!,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,BE CARFUL WHEN YOU CHECK OUT ...INVOICES ARE NOT CORRECT BE CARFUL PLS,"the location is perfect , lundery service is scam ,,, i never asked for express service ,they charged me for pressing of my suit  48 pound when i complained they say sorry ,and they take it off the bill ,even they said this bill is not existing in their system how ..after i complained ..  wrong dinning charges .also they informed me that i have taken wine and lunch ,,i never taken wine ,i do not drink ,,they also take it off . news paper charge ,when i checked in they asked me which paper i need i said FT ...i was surprised that they charged me 2 pound ,,,why ,,they never said is chargable ,,,also complained they take it off // last thing ,,i was asking the concerge for taxi to air port ,he said it is 75 pound ,,i told him but UBER is only 37 ,,,he said ,,be careful of UBER ,,…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely birthday surprise,"My husband booked an overnight stay for us as a birthday surprise, along with a theatre trip to see Miss Saigon. We arrived early, and our room wasn't ready, but was no problem to leave our bags with the Concierge - who then took the bags when our room became available. Lovely clean, nicely decorated room - and a welcome 'happy birthday' cake was waiting when we arrived. We had pre-dinner cocktails in Good Godfrey's. Service was great, and the champagne cocktails were lovely! We had dinner in Homage, again we had great service, very attentive. The food was really food, and in very nice surroundings, with a lovely relaxed atmosphere. Another surprise birthday cake at the end of the meal!! We checked out next morning, and the staff went out of their way to find a box so I could…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent central location with 1st class room and service,"This hotel is ideally located for the theatre district, covent garden, thames cruises and so much more, with great bus links right outside the door.  The décor is tasteful and traditional and the staff were extremely helpful and professional.  Breakfast in the restaurant was relaxed with a good choice and better crockery than other London Hiltons.  We were able to use the Exec lounge which was a bonus and a peaceful place to have afternoon tea or evening drinks.  The bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning was more effective than other Hiltons too.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, room damage ,poor value , under stocked with basics ....so disappointed","Booked for my husbands 50th treat along with world rugby tickets as a special treat. When we reached our room we were very disappointed with the standard.  The bathroom was filthy, with shampoo splatters across the tiles from the last occupant, their used bar of soap still behind the shower taps. the back of the bathroom door looked like it had not been wiped in some time , including the wardrobe door in the main area , both covered in accumulated hand marks. The bathroom door had had some type of brown liquid spilt at floor level which had splashed on to bottom of door and skirting.  As my mum says a bit of a lick and a promise clean had taken place.  The plug socket/ light switch next to the bed fell off as the blu tack that was holding it gave up !!! We had one bathrobe…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed thoughts,"The room had a plugged up sink and the hotel computers did not work.  The sink got fixed - the computers have been down for months. The room was pretty good,and the service good most of the time.  Food was just OK.  They forgot to check on my theatre tickets and to order their car for my trip to Heathrow.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Older Hilton with room refurbishment makes for nice stay.,"The Hotel is in excellent situation for many theatres and restaurants plus easy walk to Covernt Garden. Bedrooms refurbishment retain older style to suit general look of Hotel public areas. Only two things meant my lower score --- a nasty stain on bathroom tiles which I had to remove with bathroom towel--yuk!,---and shower leaked through panel over bath--never a good idea this way of combining bath and shower. Staff excellent and management arranged good upgrade with my Diamond Status--Thank you Nathalie.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,I booked an executive suite as a surprise for my wife's 30th birthday.   As you would expect the staff were very friendly and helpful.  The location is perfect for a weekend exploring London as it is very central and within a stones throw to Covent Garden.  The room itself was not as big as expected but was superb. The bed was huge. Despite being on a busy road you could not hear a single sound from the traffic.  We had entry to the executive lounge where we were entitled to free food and drinks with our booking. This is a lovely room but if the hotel is busy it is very difficult to get in to.  We had to have breakfast in the other restaurant as the executive lounge was full but I would have to say that the other room was far prettier and the food matched the setting. (just wish…,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"As you would expect from any waldorf its really nice, staff are great and service is perfect, i actually left my ipad charger and they posted to me with no hassles.  If you are looking to stay in a great location in London this is a top hotel choice.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Could have been better,"The hotel building itself is very nice, as are the rooms and the location is great. Breakfast was good although the hotel charged us twice. Good job I checked the bill and so they refunded one. I can honestly say that the room service was the worst we have ever had anywhere in the world we have travelled. It looked good when it arrived which is why I didnt say anything about the time we had to wait for it. 70 mins. When we actually tried the food it was rubbish. The pizza was cold and underdone. The chips were hard. The tuna on the salad was fridge cold and the three types of crackers on the cheese platter were soft. I complained and they didnt charge us but they didnt offer any other food either.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location - Plain and simple.,"Stayed 3 nights (11/02 - 11/05) while attending a conference - The room was smaller than many others I've stayed at but had everything I needed. Didn't use its restaurants, room service or gym - However, when calling its concierge, housekeeping and front desk I never got a response. I had to go down to ground level and personally ask for a dental kit = Sorry, that's unheard of from a 5 star hotel. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Stars all the way,"We booked the junior suite, arrived early at about 10am and staff took the bags from us as we climbed the few steps of the lobby. Reception was great, invited us to the Executive lounge to wait as they expedited the room for us. The junior suite was very well appointed with a beautiful view of gorgeous trees with what remains of fall colour and a typical London street. The breakfast included was generous as was the king sized bed very very comfortable. The staff gave us as many bottles of water we wanted as we have quite a few guests visiting. A gracious late checkout was allowed. All in a wonderful place to stay in London if you desire luxury, convenience and great service.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"From the moment that the very smart and attentive doorman took our case from the taxi,  and until we left, you could not have asked for a more perfect stay in a Hotel. From the friendly and efficient staff, too the cleanliness and excellent room, I can honestly say this is one of the finest Hotels I have stayed in, and my wife and I have stayed in many over the years.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb location for Covent Garden!,"I booked two twin rooms for an overnight ""girlie"" ballet break.we arrived at 12.30pm - receptionist friendly and welcoming. We were pleased that both rooms were ready for us despite checking in so early! As a Hilton Honours member, I think my room was upgraded as it was far more spacious than the second room. The rooms, were immaculate, beds comfortable, towels good quality. Robes and slippers provided. Complimentary bottles of water. Mini bar/tea and coffee making station in a separate dressing room. Iron/board. The only negative, was the shower had poor water pressure.  We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on dining services. We had a drink in the bar - good service at the usual hotel prices.  Doorman very friendly!  The Waldorf is perfectly situated for Covent Garden,…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"Nice room that was quiet and had effective, though draughty, air con. The room service food was not hot, of mediocre quality and expensive for what was served. Tried to fob me off with a small glass of wine when I had ordered a large one - said they had measured it. It was replaced.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Just returned from staying at the Waldorf Hilton. It is very convenient to Covent Garden tube and the rooms and food are great. Not a particularly spectacular reception area but staff are more than helpful,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"Superb location as it was just off of Covent Garden. The rooms were very big and well equipped, plus the staff were very efficient and friendly.  The breakfast was AMAZING!!  If you want a central London hotel - go for this!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,shocking ,"Just got back from my stay at the Waldorf Hilton with my partner, and would like to add that I am very shocked. On arrival the staff seemed very polite and welcoming, they asked for the deposit fee which was not told to us in the first place, however we had no problem paying. My partners card got declined, so we had to go up the road to the bank to pull out our deposit fee. Once doing so, when we tried to give the deposit the woman who first seemed very polite turned very bitter, screwing up her face and looking me and my partner up and down as if we was not good enough to stay at the hotel, we felt very embarrassed and out of place. She replied very bitterly asking for the full amount of the room and the deposit which was also not specified, she could have told us when we went…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to the hype.,"My wife and I chose to stay at the Waldorf because we thought it would be a worthwhile upgrade from the usual Hiltons. The room we stayed in was supposedly an upgrade but was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in.   The amenities were ok, but not really any more grand than other London Hilton Hotels.  All in all, we were left quite disappointed.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing 60th Birthday stay,"As a special treat to celebrate my 6oth birthday, I took my family away to stay at this wonderful hotel.  Nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were so friendly, polite, very helpful and welcoming.  My husband and myself were upgraded as a birthday present and we were given 2 pieces of delicious cake on beautifully chocolate decorated plates,wishing me a happy birthday.  A huge thank you to all Waldorf staff for making my birthday stay so memorable and adding to the precious family time we had together.   I would recommend this hotel unreservedly and am saving up for another stay in the future!  Thank you again.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Planning a recent surprise visit to London, my hubby chose a hotel that was on my 'must do' list for London. Alas, the hotel will not progress to my 'must return' list, nor do I feel able to recommend to others.   First however, the one positive aspect during our stay: the concierge staff deserve a mention: they were welcoming, attentive, and the hotel's only saving grace.   My hubby had booked an 'Executive Room', though I remain bewildered as to what he paid for exactly. Indeed, if I had not heard the receptionist confirm the status of the room on checking in, I would still be none the wiser. There were no 'extra's' to justify the added expense and the room was rather basic, aesthetically plain, and lacked any endearing features. With the noted exception above, I found the…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for Families visiting London,"If your not on a budget & you want to experience one of the great London Hotels then I recommend the Waldorf, We booked a suite for 2 adults & 2 Teenagers, & it was perfect, Large rooms divided by a large bathroom with walkthrough area. The staff were eager to help at all times, The restaurant & Bar are superb, & the location is great for easy access to theatre's. The prices are surprisingly low compared to other London Top Hotels, I have no negative feedback.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't drink the water,"Pleasant enough hotel in a good central location. First class reception experience with intelligent friendly staff. My room was small although pleasant enough with space to walk around the bed and a small armchair. Decent sized bathroom. Clean and tidy.  Failed to turn off the do not disturb light do didnt get the bed made, which was my own fault.  Decent bar, although they did try and get me to sign for another tables drinks, so perhaps not as switched on as reception.  Only complaint, one small bottle of San Pellegrino sparkling water from the mini bar ( no menu), £4.25.  The days of being ripped off for telephone calls may have ended, and hotel bars are still an expensive way to spend an evening, but the minibar gouging continues. Admittedly I could have had a glass of London…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a Change from Last Visit....Will Be Staying at Another Hotel Next Visit to London,"Well, my previous stays here were great. This one.....NOT SO MUCH.  I will simply let the photos do the talking. In one you will see that after several attempts to get the television working in my room, this is the same message on the TV I got when I first arrived 3 days ago. I was told someone came each day to ""fix it"". Also view the bathroom toilet paper roll holder which is falling out of the wall.  As a Diamond Hilton member I expected more....however any hotel guest should have a working TV and a toilet paper holder not falling off the wall. . . am I right? Please let me know if you disagree.  Will definitely be looking for other hotels in London, which I undestand there are many to choose from.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable,  modern room","Only there for a one night stay while we saw U2 at the O2. Used Hilton honours points plus cash to get a good rate for a Queen room. Room was very clean,  modern and comfortable. We didn't eat at the hotel but enjoyed two very expensive cocktails in the lounge when we returned from the concert. Would stay again but only with another good deal. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cocktails,"On a pay day treat me and my boyfriend decided to go for a cocktail. The service and atmosphere was fantastic. We were slightly disappointed by the cocktails as they were incredibly strong and for the amount we were paying expected excellence.  I would go again and give it another try, will just have to wait for next pay day! ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,i believe i got bed bug bites on one of my legs,i was not compensated for the poor experience and thought that  the management should have taken this issue more seriously. they took a photo of my leg and said they checked the room  but i still (6 days later) have the red rash and bite marks which are just now starting to fade and not itch anymore  this is my first experience with bugs and i have travelled all over the world and travel a lot for business also (frequent flyer),Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews, Incredible location ,"We just had 5 incredible nights here a group of 8 friends over to see the rugby World Cup the wardolf Hilton made the trip fantastic staff from front door to the fantastic staff in the house bar who really look after us and made us feel welcome they did see us a lot mined u! The delux room we're very comfortable and the pillows 👍 bathroom spacious clean and upmarket . Bfast was typical of most hotels . Best of all the location  Chinatown , convent garden , shoho Oxford  st, theaters tower bridge Thames river all easy easy walking distance I personally will always stay here when I come back thanks again wardolf   Broded",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel & Friendly Staff,"Beautiful hotel from the outside.  Hallways are long, but rooms were nice.  Maid service came everyday and we had no issues.  Plenty of extra towels.  Room service was fast and delicious.  The bar in the lobby was great.  Some amazing cocktails and great bartenders.  The Conceirge made us a reservation at Tom's Kitchen and it was very good.  The front desk staff was also wonderful and very accommodating.  I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An excellent overnight stay,I stayed here for one night. I have nothing but good things to say about my stay. The room was fantastic and very well presented in a classic Edwardian style. The location of the hotel is perfectly situated for Central London attractions and theatres (many within walking distance).   All of the staff with whom I interacted (from reception through to checkout) were highly proficient in their respective roles. I must however single out Ester (on reception) for being an excellent ambassador for the Hilton/Waldorf brand.  I shall definitely be returning.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay but.........,"We had a lovely time as a group of 8, staff prepared a table for dinner and we had excellent service.  Getting into bed I tore my toenail on the quilt cover as it had a hole in it.  Didn't  expect that at the Waldolf.  Manager said he would fill in an accident form but was about to do a fire drill. Still awaiting a reply from the hotel ..., rather disappointed !",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2nd stay - better then first.....,"Took the gamble and stayed again for one night (Sunday 13th September) after a disaster visit two years ago. Room far larger and superior this time around. Even managed to get breakfast on Monday morning without the 45 minute queue that seemed to be norm. last time. Found out at checkout I had been ""upgraded"" to a superior room for no extra charge. Great location for Covent Garden, theatres and London landmarks. Loads of bars, restaurants  and shops in easy walking distance.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"I was given an afternoon tea at the Waldorf in London as part of my birthday present from my youngest daughter. My wife and I went there on 27th October. The room (Homage restaurant) is very ornate, and typical Waldorf, wonderful plaster cornice and pediment details, with gilded high-lights. The service on arrival was very friendly and efficient, we were greeted by a very friendly smiling Scottish girl who made us feel very welcome. The sandwiches and pastries were excellent, with 11 choices of tea, there must be something for everyone. Accompanied by a couple of glasses of Prosecco, the afternoon tea experience at the London Waldorf is one I would recommend to all.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit tired,"Lovely building and beautiful entrance.  Unfortunately our room wasnt ready and we were on a tight schedule which put us back an hour, however they did give us a free drink in the bar which was comfy although the waitress was not very converse in English and she was very shaky serving. When we got to our room an hour later we were a little disappointed we were in a family room and the beds (pushed together) were not queen size just two doubles they were comfy tho but the room was a littled tired. Nice big bathroom and great shower but decor definitely needs updating. The room was fairly small for 4 people and were nothing special sadly.  Also the view was non existant. The air conditioning didnt work and it was very hot in the room, we opened the window. Breakfast was very good…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely!,"I stayed here overnight last weekend and enjoyed it mostly. Great position for theatres, Covent Garden, etc. Staff were friendly and helpful, knowledgeable too, supplying us with a map. The room (twin bedded) was very comfortable, modern and clean, I loved it! However, breakfast was a disaster with the food, all of it, stone cold and inedible , to me anyway. So very disappointing, I was hungry and we had a long day in front of us so we looked forward to a hearty cooked breakfast......NOT! Ended up with Rice Krispies and toast....Such a let down. Told staff as they collected the plates, still full of food, and they offered to replace it, but we'd had the above, so no point. On chatting to others in our party, who'd been before, they all said it was well known for its cold…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Solid choice. Great location for business or pleasure,The standard rooms are fine. A bit small but adequate.  The beds are firm and comfortable but forget about king-size. The queen-sized looks more to be a double.  The bathrooms are small but clean and come with reasonable amenities (no toothbrush or shaving cream). The executive lounge is on the floor above reception and offers a small but reasonable breakfast. The coffee machine seems to be a bit of a mission and would take serve a full room of guests! There is a good gym in the basement and a small 15 Mar heated pool that has plenty of chemicals in it but is not properly maintained (water is quite milky). The hotel location is a five minute walk from covent gardens so quite well located with tons of theatres bars and restaurants nearby. The rooms must be well insulated as no…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for a week.  The walk to the closest Underground station took about 6 minutes.  Our room and bathroom was very spacious and there was ample room for two adult women with toiletries in the bathroom!  We were situated on the 8th floor of the hotel which was quiet, but the elevator only went to 7 so we had to take the steps to get to the 8th floor.  Kind of a hassle with bags.  I would suggest a room on a lower floor. Our room looked exactly like the one depicted here.  We did not have any meals at the hotel because there are so many restaurants within a few blocks.  Ended every evening at the hotel bar.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Slightly above the usual Hilton standard ,"Very good hotel in Covent Garden 5 minutes walk from Royal Opera House. Highly recommended. Spacious rooms and bathrooms, very clean and comfortable. Staff friendly and helpful . Be aware that you may need to queue waiting for breakfast but it is worth it! Definitely nice stay and fantastic evening at Royal Opera House. Please note that Waldorf Hilton is not cheap but it is a good value for money.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous mid week break,"Stayed as a couple. We booked 2 nights at the Waldorf for a break during a bigger trip seeing friends and family in the UK. The room was lovely, spacious (for London hotels) and good comfy bed. The bathroom was marble and gorgeous with a glorious deep bath in which to wallow. We ordered room service which was hot, tasty and speedy service. We didn't eat in the bar, lounge or restaurant so can't comment on these. The pool was lovely for a swim and relax, with the faux roman style almost convincing me I was somewhere more exotic than cold London in October. We didn't use the gym but passed through it en route to the pool, and it looked fairly comprehensive. All the staff we encountered were attentive and professional. I really don't have a bad word to say about the place. ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but not worth the money","This is a decent hotel in the heart of the west End of London. The location is great, the facility is okay and the service is mediocre. The front desk staff are mostly other nationalities and in our opinion were not really service oriented. Their general attitude was aloof. The facility is older and Hilton have attempted to modernize it with marginal success. Overall, the Waldorf is a decent hotel but for the money you can find better places to stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,התמורה הגרועה ביותר לכספך if you want a good value for your money' this is not the place,"this is not a 5 star hotel' and the main problem is the disinformation you get' unlike the internet information' the room we got was very smal' if you expect 25 sq m'  you will be disapointed' because you get 15' or less' the spa dos'nt belong to the hotel and is open to public' full of people and noisy' if you are looking for luxshery holiday' this is not the place'  חדרים קטנטנים, הבריכה לא שייכת למלון אלא ציבורית, בקיצור זה לא שווה את הכסף, במחיר כזה אפשר למצוא מקומות טובים יותר, זה לא מה שמצפים ממלון ברשת הילטון וולדורף, והמידע באינטרנט פשוט אינו תואם את המציאות",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location but breakfast shambles !!,"We arrived at the hotel on a Saturday afternoon as we were going to see the musical Sunny Afternoon and thought we would treat ourselves to the Waldorf experience. The staff were absolutely amazing, warm and friendly. We used the valet parking that the hotel offered (£49.00 for a period of 24 hours) and I would recommend this service as it saves a lot of hassle. The en-suite room  was clean and comfortable - but not that luxurious for the price we paid. On the Sunday morning, we had a 20 minute queuing system to attend for breakfast. The staff seemed frazzled, just like the bacon!!  People were getting very frustrated, especially an American couple who had pre -booked a breakfast time as they had flights to catch, only to be told that no tables were available for them, so they…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very cosy and good hotel,"cosy, romantic what to say?good service very qualified staff very very nice htel excellent location just in the heart of Covent Garden between 2 teaters! near restaurants,night life,near the river,shopping areas,subway",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location! Elegant and wonderful!,This was our second 5 night visit to the Waldorf Hilton. We love the area of the city. Service is/was excellent again. The Executive Lounge is one of the nicest we have experienced. They have a full-time 110 Volt outlet in the room which was just the thing we needed as our converted was stolen and the electric tooth brush's charge is not 110/220 unlike everything else electronic these days.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but not quite what you expect for the cost,"We stayed in a superior queen room, for the average person the cost was quite high per night. Always thought the Hilton Waldorf was a luxury hotel. Lack of dressing gowns, coffee and flat pillows made it feel like a lower class hotel. Staff however are wonderful and cleanliness of a high standard",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Secret Hotel Delivers on Service, Style & Situation",I had to take my daughter up to London for a Ballet workshop on the Monday and the price of the train fare was astronomical to get her to the heart of Covent Garden for 9am from Kingham. Instead we opted to go up on the Sunday and stay over. We left our booking until Sunday afternoon and booked a Top Secret Hotel on a website. Our criteria for selection was location and price. We were thrilled to find out it was The Waldorf and the location couldn't have been more perfect - everything in easy walking distance and a moment from Covent Garden. Our room was an internal room and small but perfectly formed with gorgeous bed linen and plenty of closet space and a small but modern bathroom. The public corridors were very wide and luxurious and everything was clean. As we were settling…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic Grand Dame of London - worth a visit,"I had previously hesitated to visit the Waldorf when in London because of both the room rates being a little higher than other hiltons and reviews here.  I shouldn't have worried - this is a beautifully presented hotel, renovated in a traditional style. As a HHonors Diamond I felt well looked after and was impressed by the food and beverage offering in the executive lounge.  I do wish that full rather than continental breakfast was offered complimentarily in the restaurant to diamonds. This is my only issue with the Waldorf!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very pleasent stay,"classic place ,good location, very good service , clean and stylish we enjoyed very much one week staying in the hotel.one small problem which does not concern  the hotel was, that the closest underground station was closed.              ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A treat in central London,We were looking for a hotel with a little wow - and when i saw this hotel listed with the Hilton Summer Sale - i thought why not - as it was only £60 more than a budget Covent Garden alternative.  The hotel has the wow from the outside - the lobby area is small and functional.  The member of staff who booked us in was efficient - but had to ask where the executive lounge was and not advised of the times.  ( Just a little gripe that is all).  We arrived just after 4pm and were able to enjoy the lush afternoon tea offerings in the executive lounge.  Little scone heaven is all i can say.  My family were off to a sporting event so left me for the evening - so it would have been rude not to have returned after 5pm to the lounge to enjoy the offerings - i knew there would be wine but…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip ,"Came to the waldorf on a theatre and hotel package that we'd won , the place was impressive and the reception staff were great. Our room though smelt very damp but was clean.  Our dinner was booked for 5.30 and we had to be in sat down at the theatre by 7.30, we sat down and the waitress came and served us our complimentary drinks and said someone who be back shortly to take our order, we waited and waited in the end 15 mins later I called the waitress over and i explained that we had to be at the theatre by 7.30.  nearly 50 minutes it took them to bring out our meal even though we had told her, when it did arrive it was the smallest meal I'd ever seen, but i have to say it tasted lovely, then she took our dessert order and again i explained about the theatre, 10 past 7 we go…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great mini-break venue,"We stayed here on a Saturday night and had a great time. We were upgraded to a really nice deluxe room on the 7th floor which had a really nice roof blind feature! The room was amazing and spacious, with a sofa/living area too. A nice touch was a small birthday cake for my Wife left in the room! The only improvement I could suggest would be to improve the check-in experience - we queued then queued later just to collect our key (maybe the concierge could take care of this). For those arriving from Kings Cross it's easily accessible and with theatres and Covent Garden on the doorstep, you can have plenty of fun.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,EXPECTED BETTER!,"I visited the Waldorf Hilton London last night with great expectations having visited other Waldorf named hotels! However I was slightly disappointed with some aspects of my stay.  The positives were that we could literally see the Lyceum theatre from our hotel! The hotel was also not too far from London Kings Cross station! Although small on the whole, our room had beautiful white linen with a spacious bathroom! The concierge staff were helpful with tourist advice and storing our suitcases despite checking out of the hotel earlier in day which was great!  Now for some aspects which were quite disappointing! First of all the bed was extremely hard and my company ended up with a very sore back (room 631)!   Secondly, after the theatre we ordered from room service! It took between…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 Day Trip,"We chose this hotel for location for a theatre trip for myself and my husband. Hotel was just ok, room was just ok, breakfast was good. Bar service very slow on a not particularly busy night. Room service on Friday arrived at 4.30pm which we declined as we were getting ready to out. Very grand building but interior could do with a smarten up. Not what we expected for a hotel that cost quite alot for 3 nights. Would think twice about staying here again. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat!,"I'd always wanted to try this historic hotel and it lived up to expectations. Decor and ambiance in bucket loads and the service was good too. Nice touch delivering a birthday cake to the room with impeccable timing! The cocktail bar was a very nice place to enjoy a relaxing drink, while the piano played.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"Booked online through a well known site and on arrival I asked again if I had a queen or double bed as I'm 6'5"" and I don't fit into a single!  On getting into the room I had 2 singles pushed together on the most friction free wheels in history!  Just sitting on the bed moved them apart and really not what I booked or expected for the cost.  I complained the next morning and for an extra £100 I could have get a bigger bed!  Needless to say I won't be staying here again",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Location for Theatre Goers,"Stayed overnight after watching a show at the SavoyTheatre, and enjoyed a comfortable night in a standard Queen room.  Usual standards for a Hilton group hotel, though apart from the location did not find anything to rate it above most other hotels in the chain.  Reception and Bar Staff were very friendly, and decor appears good despite some of the previous reviews. Concierge kindly allowed us to leave cases after check out so we could enjoy the surrounding area and go out for a meal before heading home.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great location,"We recently visited the hotel for my 65th birthday. We had a spacious room on the 5th floor and waiting for us was a complimentary birthday cake and two bottles of water. A nice touch. The room  had all the facilities one would expect and it was very clean. We had booked afternoon tea and it didn't disappoint, but I would prefer a pot of hot water with the tea and two teabags, not one. Breakfast was tasty but the range on offer was not as extensive as on our previous visit. Also, it was extremely busy. The location of the hotel is ideal, as its in the heart of theatre land and not far from The Thames river and Trafalgar Square. Overall, this is a hotel we shall visit again.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not great","The hotel was fine, but with the Waldorf name, I expected more. Almost every time I walked in the hotel staff was too busy talking among themselves to even greet me. No newspapers at the door. My tv remote was really disgusting. Little things. The room was nice, fairly large, but I doubt I'll be coming back. The location is great if you're going to a show, but if you're taking the tube a lot, it's a bit of a walk. Very busy part of town, which is good from a visitor's perspective. Again, good, but not great.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Concierge with a flair,"The Waldorf  Astoria Hilton was the choice for my recent trip with my sister.  The head concierge Cyril was outstanding.  We began to communicate with him by email 2 weeks prior to departure.  He managed to get us impossible to acquire tickets to the play Photograph 51 with a champagne reception.  The seats were fabulous, and the price- while expensive was half of American Express Plantinum.  In addition, he made our reservations for our dinners and our FAT TIRE bicycle trip.  Totally recommend this hotel and get to know Cyril who will make your trip even more enjoyable!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding personal attention,"I booked a queen room for a Saturday night for my parents to celebrate my mother's 75th birthday. The room was perfect, and the decor and upkeep of the hotel throughout excellent. The hotel manager surprised us by arranging for a cake and birthday card to be left in the room whilst my parents were at the theatre which was an extremely kind and genuinely unexpected touch. Just perfect.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good service","If traveling to the UK, don't expect the same sized room as in the US. All rooms are smaller. This one was decent sized, but housekeeping could have been better. Daily, I had to call the front desk and ask for water, and on my last night, they didn't place new towels or clean the room. The bellman were excellent, and always a joy to interact with.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Central Hotel,"The rooms are very comfortable, with big bathrooms (but bathtub too small and you'll bang your knees on the corner of the sink when you get out), decent showers, and very comfortable beds (although I didn't get the bed combination that I was sold, but we managed).  Halls are bright and newly renovated.  Lobby, entry and restaurant could use some modernizing, but the hotel is reasonably priced by London standards. No. 1 complaint: DON'T THINK YOU WILL BE ABLE TO USE THE POOL FOR YOUR KIDS.  The pool is shared with LA Fitness, and apparently the deal they have doesn't allow for kids to be in the pool before 9am, between 12-2pm, and after 5pm, which pretty well eliminates all opportunities for families to use it.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, but drinks extortionate","We have just come back from a weekend staying at the Waldorf.  It is a very beautiful hotel with some lovely architectural design features.  The rooms are nice, well equipped and very clean.  The only down side I can think of is the price of the drinks in the bar. We came back from a night out on Friday and decided to have a night cap in the bar. We ordered  4 alcoholic drinks, two vodkas with coke and two Irish coffees, and it came to  £50. I think in anybody's book this is excessive.  During the rest of our stay we refused to do this again, this was disappointing to us as we usually like to have a drink in the hotel bar either before or after a night out.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"Stayed here one night to visit the theatre ( Beautiful) . Hotel check in efficient and friendly, room allocated was at the back of the hotel and quiet. Hilton frequent guest WiFi was fast and free. Location - on the Aldwych, close to many good restaurants and right next door to the theatre we were visiting. Opera tavern reviewed separately - very good.  Service - extra water and mini-bar milk supplied very quickly with no fuss and late night post theatre snack and drink equally swift and pleasant. Still one of my favourite theatre hotels.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,60th Birthday party of a friend,Stayed  at the Waldorf Hilton as their rates was very reasonable and it was the nearest hotel to 80 The Strand the venue for the party.  I would recommend the hotel as its location is very central and the staff pleasant and accommodating.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Reward voucher stay,"I had some Hilton Honors points and booked a reward voucher stay here.  Check-in was slow, with a huge queue.  The desk for honors members was not respected with non-members being served.  After a bit of a wait, I was presented with the check-in paperwork with a £299 standard room rate featured -the rewards voucher had not been applied despite using this over the phone to place the booking.  However, the problem was rectified after a short delay.  Room was well appointed and to the typical Hilton standard. We had a comfortable stay, with a good night sleep.  We did not use any of the other facilities (bar/restaurant) owing to price.  Breakfast at a Covent Garden restaurant was 20% of the price that the hotel charged!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Afternoon tea,"Once seated, we waited 15 minutes to be offered any sort of menu, service slow and not attentive at all.  The first menu was for a variety of teas, we both chose the traditional blend, the cups/saucers was just your ordinary sort I was expecting fine bone china maybe I was setting my hopes high. Glass of champagne each was included in our tea.  The sandwiches were also what I can only describe us ordinary and bland, they consisted of egg mayonassie, salmon, ham and a tomato with very little filling .  Two scones each with cream and jam, a small selection of petite cakes.  I also asked the waitress for a cold glass of water, she returned with a teapot of hot water, I don't think  she understood what I meant. Overall, there are better places to go and we won't be returning anytime…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"An average hotel, if not for location or 'name'","I normally stay at the Hilton London Bridge when in london, but thought i would try the Waldorf this time.  The location can not be faulted, being very very central to Covent garden. If you are driving, parking may be an issue so arrange this before hand.  Now the hotel itself is nothing special, the rooms are large yes, but not very modern. It is nowhere near to a 5* standard.   My room was missing bathrobes and slippers when i arrived, and i had to call concierge for these. Not the best bit of service from a so called high class establishment.  So in summary, an average hotel in a very good location.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A touch of ""Posh""","We decided to ""go up town"" for evening meal and a few drinks this weekend as a break from the stresses of a busy work life. being a HHonours member I was able to use some of my membership points and cash for the one night stay at the Hilton and managed to get a room for less than 30% of the published rates.  A 6 minute walk from Covent Garden Tube through Theatre Land brought us quickly to the hotel which has what can only be described in the evening as a stunning frontage. entrance and Foyer are is well staffed and check-in was simple and efficient. The room was very nice on the seventh floor with an extremely comfortable bed and great pillows. All the expected amenities within the room were there and i lost count of the number of towel options there were in the bathroom. The…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,nice short stay,"The hotel is very conveniently located in the city within walking distance to many attractions and easy to catch tube/train if you need to go further.  Very clean, comfortable, very polite and helpful staff.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is just off the Strand, and very close to Covent Garden. The staff were great and the rooms nice. There is parking on most of the streets but the nearest tube station is some distance away. I enjoyed my stay so I will return sometime soon.The river is ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great food, service and venue!","I booked a table at the Homage Restaurant for my mum's birthday and it was the perfect setting for her special occasion. The set menu was extensive leaving it hard for me to choose as I liked them all, the food was great, staff were wonderful and very attentive and the venue perfect for the occasion. Many thanks for making her day so special.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,At the best location a great stay with minor short backs,"We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by Isabel, a gentile Swedish receptionist. She was kind enough to give us a room before the check in time which was 15:00 but did not mention that the bed would be comprised by two single ones joined together. After opening the room door, I immediately called her and asked for a room change only to be informed that it would take another 3-4 hours before a better room with a king size bed of our preference could be available. We returned to the hotel around evening time and were given an amazing room, large one with a fantastic bathroom with shower and bathtub and a 42'' inch tv. So, yes we were finally very pleased despite the bad start. It would be wise if they advertised their late check in time. I believe 15:00 is too late for check in…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary Celebration,"I have arrange a nice theatre show, dinner and stay at this great hotel with my wife for our 10th anniversary. This nicely decorated grand hotel did not disappoint us with their great customer service and smiley staff. They have prepared special card and cake for our celebration, room was spacious and well designed. The breakfast service was great with plenty of options and their attentive, courteous and happy staff. I would definitely suggest this hotel to all travellers.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely old hotel,"The hotel for its age, is very nice! Got upgraded which was a nice surprise and the room was spacious for London. The shower was fantastic and powerful, always a winner in my eyes. The hotel provided a cake for my birthday which was a nice surprise, thanks. Would consider staying again. The rates can be quite high compared to other hotels but it reflects the service and offerings.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the wow factor expected,"Really disappointed once inside the doors, expected the same sort of experience as that on entering the Dorchester, Savoy or Ritz, nothing different from many other 'normal' hotels, the only obvious difference from many other hotels was the highly inflated cost of drinks and snacks. Room was nothing special and breakfast no different from many sea-side hotels visited.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,"Great hotel and stay! Room was very good, large with all facilities you could want/need even interesting port hole Windows and sky light as we were on top floor. Really good gym and swimming pool, amazing choice of breakfast and very friendly and attentive staff  ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not too bad......,"Not a bad place to stay, rooms are adequate, bar is extortionate, the staff however are extremely friendly and helpful! Only down side really was the bathroom, quite shabby and could do with a refit to be honest, as we were given a room with disabled facilities when we did have a shower the floor flooded! Needs attention!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Only the outside view of the hotel,well  I was expecting the finesse quality of such a established hotel we had heared so much abought the waldorf so we planned a short break corridors after corridors yet we saw no staff  or other people in fact it felt like a ghost house  strange going ons the room was ok but breakfast was just a shambells I have already sent a email 2 weeks ago still no reply  what does that say for its self,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Breakfast treat with daughter,Maybe it is because we got a good deal with Amazon Local but on the spur of the moment I purchased a breakfast for two deal as was spending the weekend with daughter in London so thought it would be a nice way to finish the weekend.  Don't know if it would have been any different I had paid full price as it was nice enough and nice to say that we have been but wouldn't rush back.  Had a Buck's Fizz to start with then cereal from the choice as it was a buffet.  The thing that put us off (and a lot of others) was that all the hot food seemed to run out at the same time so after putting egg on my plate I then had to stand and wait whilst the waiters replenished the other hot food which meant my egg was on the cold side and that a lot of unsatisfied customers were all standing…,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First time here is not the last time,"I really enjoyed my stay here.  I'm not sure I would say this is the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in, but it is pretty sweet.  My room was large, for European standards and the bathroom was even larger on the scale of hotel baths in the UK.  I'm not sure if this one has been kept up as it should be, but there is nothing about the public decor that is bad...just not perfect.  For the most part, the service was good, though I did expect a little more.  Again, I would stay here again for sure, though I'm not sure calling this a 5 star hotel is worthy.  Maybe 4.5 stars?????",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in an awesome location,My wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights in late September. I have nothing but good things to say about our stay. Are room was clean and the staff was friendly. The location of the hotel is awesome. It's within walking distance of many activities and attractions. I will be back. ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great hotel,very helpful hotel great staff extremely friendly  i stayed in an executive room which was perfect though it is on a low level in the hotel  well located in London to the west end theatres and the main city sights,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Avoid - Aircon too noisy,"Aircon kept me awake most nights Tired old hotel, lifts small, and Fitness centre is LA Fitness so there is a mad rush of outside people when it opens at 6.30am... so best avoided... Not worth it for 369 sterling a night",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"As a 5 star hotel, this facility needs improvement particularly around service delivery. Front of house staff excellent and extremely helpful on local transport and attractions. Breakfast service just average with the exception of a young lady, Jasmine, who was welcoming and provided efficient service. Excellent location for tourists and theatre goers.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Clean and Efficient,"This is a nice clean hotel, perhaps overpriced.  Hotel towels were rationed...there were just two fresh towels each day, one bar of soap.   On the plus side, the staff was nice.   The location of the hotel is exceptional.  Walking distance to major tourist destinations, the theater and great restaurants.  The rooms were very clean.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"My ""Go To"" Hotel When in London","I truly had one of the best hotel experiences in a Hilton property.  As a Hilton Honors member, I used points for my five day stay and was upgraded to an Executive Room with Executive Lounge privileges.  What a beautiful room with a very large bathroom with separate walk-in shower and large bathtub.  Had a double vanity with plenty of space.  Bathrobes and slipper included.  The staff could not have been more friendly - everyone for the bell men, concierge, front desk staff, and the executive lounge staff.  The executive lounge offers breakfast in the morning, tea in the afternoon, and snacks and drinks in the evening.  You can visit the lounge during the day for soft beverage, coffee or tea.  The hotel is located in the Covent Garden area and is surrounded by numerous…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay.,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in June and really enjoyed our stay at this lovely hotel. I Was a little nervous about what to expect as I had heard a lot of mixed reports but our experience was great.  We arrived early to the hotel and although we knew we could not check in we wanted to make the most of our time in London and left our bags and details with the hotel so we only had to pick our our key when we returned.  The hotel is beautiful from the outside and just as nice on the inside, decorated very much in keeping with the time and style of the building with modern features.  Our room was a lovely family room which was large enough for three adults with a lovely bathroom and walk-in wardrobe.  When we got to our room only 1 of our 3 cases had been brought to the room, but…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really Good Location,This is a really really nice hotel with a great location. Right in the heart of the West End its so easy to get around. There is a really good warmth to this hotel and the staff are super friendly and helpful . It's an old fashioned style but very good place to stay. I highly recommend this hotel although expensive . ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice place to Stay,"This is a Great Hotel to stay, great location staff in all areas very friendly and pleasant Rooms are great with all amenities clean and roomy, this restaurant for breakfast dinner and afternoon Tea would take some beating, Bar and all areas are Great  Great place to stay ENJOY",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Waldorf!,"We had a marvellous stay this weekend at the Waldorf. We stayed on the Executive floor with use of the lounge facilities, Cristina was really helpful there. All the staff were fantastic and made us feel very welcome a particular thank you to Sarah who has always been really accommodating and prompt in answering any queries. We would definitely recommend this hotel as it is also so close to all the theatres and Covent Garden and are booked to return in November!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel - great location,"If you want to be in the heart of London's 'theatre-land' this 5 star hotel won't disappoint. Amazing location - close to theatres, Covent Garden and the Thames, it's a perfect location for sightseeing. The room although not enormous was lovely. Very comfortable and clean with the usual nice touches of quality toiletries and robes etc. The breakfast was wonderful - un-rushed and delicious, with every type of breakfast imaginable. Thank you Waldorf for a great stay.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent visit,"The Waldorf Hotel is excellent. We stayed in an executive room which whilst a bit more expensive is worth every penny. Firstly you get a lovely, big room with 2 king size beds, a good sized bathroom, bath robes etc. Secondly (and most importantly) you get access to the executive lounge - a nice room with friendly staff and complimentary drinks and snacks. We arrived on Saturday night after a ceremony in London - not realy wanting to go out for a meal etc so sat in the lounge and chilled out ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Stay in Great Location,Lovely classic hotel updated with Hilton amenities.  The bell staff was particularly welcoming and helpful.  Breakfast room is spectacular with its high ceilings with very warm staff.  Room was well appointed.  No complaints.  The location in the theater district can't be beat for walking to great sites and retaurants.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sumptuous,"This is luxury at its best. We have stayed here a few times and the attention to detail is second to none. The beds are large and comfortable, the service is excellent and the overall experience is worth the stay. You are central to everything and there is great night life at the door step without it being noisy.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed Visit,"We joined the special Premium Club -""Homage"" further to a great referral from a work colleague. The first mistake was we booked the room before we joined this elite club. BUT we were well impressed with the staff on the phone.  We showed the card on arrival and it was returned with a prompt ""You didn't book with that though"".  Our first problem was that the ""Early check in required"" request had not been met neither had they replied to say it wasn't available. The staff did their best to obtain a room quite quickly.   We waited in the Club Lounge until our room was ready. Only soft drinks/tea and coffee available with crisps!! Big disappointment indeed. Not what we are used to at all and after a long rail journey. The Executive Club room was lovely but I was rather surprised to…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Poor, short-sighted customer service","When I returned to the States after a four-day stay at this hotel, I found a charge on my travel credit card not reflected in my final bill. When I contacted the hotel, they told me that it was a holding charge for expenses. When it wasn't lifted, I contested the charge on my travel card. Three months later, I received word that the charge was related to a no-show fee for a reservation my travel agency had mistakenly made in addition to my four-day reservation. I contacted the hotel about this issue multiple times via email and Hilton customer service and never heard back from them. When I did reach them, they were clipped and unwilling to provide recourse for this issue. Despite spending in excess of 2,000GBP at the hotel during my stay as part of a business group, they…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We always stay here when we visit London as a family,"The hotel lives up to the reputation of its name. The rooms are spacious for London, always clean and well maintained. The cocktail bar is an experience to be enjoyed if at all possible. The restaurant is a high ceiling (almost ballroom) venue that has a good choice for most diners. A comfortable executive lounge, for those that are eligible. Easy access to Covent Garden and a number of theatres, especially the Opera House.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Comfort and Service","Beautiful hotel in the heart of Covent Garden.  Walk or take the tube, bus or train anywhere in London within minutes.  Lushly appointed linens and very comfortable beds.  Was surprised by how quiet it was in the room given the busy area just outside.  Staff is excellent and attentive.  Executive room breakfast is terrific and well worth the extra expense.  Newly refurbished bathrooms.  Shower is small but there is also a tub with a shower attachment.  Will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but not five star.,"Booked to be a special experience for our wedding anniversary.  The staff are friendly and the ground floor is beautiful but once you get to your room the experience is less special.  Clean and tidy but lacking the special touches expected.  The Homage has good food but too bright and noisy for the special dinner we had planned, wine good once it had warmed up and we'd fished out the bits of cork.  Food good apart from scallop starter that was not cooked.  When you've planned a special, child free, weekend, having someone else's two year old playing up in the restaurant at gone eleven at night it the last thing you need.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still grand,"I used to stay here since 2006. 1-2 times per year. never failed--always lived up to standard. love restaurant, breakfast, my modern room in old grand hotel, and location, location--and afternoon tea is to die for--but I will tell your more about it later. thank you Waldorf--great staff, great room, great food and great location, will be back hope soon,",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perhaps we were lucky!,"We stayed here for 1 night on points to enjoy an evening out in London.  It is in a wonderful location for Theatreland and Covent Garden. We drove in and missed the entrance on our first loop of Aldwych as there were so many coaches outside, but found it the second time around. Parking isn't cheap at £49, but I have paid more in London. We were given a room on the 8th floor and were warned that the lift only goes to the 7th, but as we only had small bags, we were OK with that. The room was one of the largest I have had in London. It was very modern and clean, unlike my experience at the Metropole. The bed was comfortable. We turned off the air con as we couldn't stop it pumping out cold air and didn't want it to suddenly get too hot. We had a minor view over some rooftops…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bonkers.....but not funny!,"I had business in London on a Friday and decided to make a weekend of the trip. My wife and I booked a couple of nights - Friday/Saturday. We parted at the station on Friday. I went to my meeting and dinner. My wife went directly to the hotel to book in before catching up with our daughter.  One big problem. The hotel refused to allow her into the room. This was despite having the online booking, booking reference number, ID and could give our address.    Eventually my wife reached me on my mobile, passed me to the Duty Manager whom I confirmed our home address.  She said that it was now OK to let my wife into the room.  It was completely bonkers!  Incidentally the guy on the door was really helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"This hotel is ideally situated for Covent Garden. The staff are of a very high calibre making me feel extremely welcome . The rooms are of a good standards and I was offered an upgrade on my arrival . Food is good , and the breakfast excellent . Definitely one to recommend .",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton - London,"Upgraded to a Suite. Obtains free WiFi and the Executive Lounge. The room we were in did not have a good view, but ones looking to the front of the building would.  It had 2 windows which partially open  Air Con in the room, 2 large TV's, desk, very high quality, highly recommended.  Staff all very helpful.  The only 3 disadvantages: no car park, can use their service at #49 a day (too expensive in my opinion, other hotels around half te cost with parking), breakfast could contnue later & the bathrooms do not have air con or a window, so very hot in summer   Positives: Right next to Covent Garden and Theatreland, so right in the West End part of The City, lots traffic of course, but if you do not mind driving in London, then park your car and use this hotel as right near most…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and dated,"Fortunately I stayed here on a free night gained by being a Hilton Credit card holder.  This hotel is very expensive (well over £200 per night) and when compared to other Hilton hotels in London really is left wanting.  We had a threadbare duvet and a sheet that did not cover the mattress.  The in-room aircon did not manage to hold a regular temperature so you had a constand feeling of getting hotter then suddenly a cool breeze, then back to getting warmer again.  Being old you could hear everything in the corridor and see corridor light spilling in around the door frame.  The view from the window was a brick wall too.  One of the cups in the room had uncleaned residue from previous use and lipstick marks on the rim.  Oh, and the bathroom is dated with very hard to fathom…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Continued issues with customer service,I thought I would try this hotel again after not staying here for a few years as its location was perfect for my trip. I booked a 'double double' room so my sister in law and I would have plenty of space.  When we arrived at the hotel reception was very busy but we didn't mind waiting. We were checked in and given room '329' which she said was 'our family room'. We went up and it was a normal double room.   Now I am normally a very pleasant and calm person but the last time I stayed in this hotel I booked a 'king hilton suite' and without informing me they tried to pass a junior suite off as the one I had booked. The only reason I knew it was not the correct room was that I had stayed in that room two months earlier. When I queried it at reception they admitted they had over…,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay in a great location,I stay in Hiltons regularly but had not yet tried this one. I checked in online and understood I just needed to pick up my key although when I arrived although I was a little disappointed to find it wasn't quite as easy as this and they still requested a swipe of my credit card which made checkin just as long as it would have been had I not checked in online. My room was spacious and comfortable and breakfast and drinks in the lounge were good. Great location (particularly if you're a tourist) and will return in the near future.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An oasis of calm,"I stayed for 2 nights for my 60th birthday. Being an Hilton Honors Diamond member we were upgraded to a King Executive Room. This was a large room that had sliding doors to separate the bedroom from the lounge area. The large bathroom had twin sinks and a rainfall shower over the bath. The towels were fluffy and plenty of them, bathrobes and slippers were provided. I couldn't fault the room and it was quiet at night. One tip i will share is that there are 2 switches close to the light switches by the main door and by mistake we pushed one down which activated an electronic do not disturb sign which we were unaware of, so the room wasn't cleaned when we got back. When we called reception,  the maid appeared promptly and cleaned the room.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay. Good location,Booked a room as a secret hotel. As such the hotel was just as described . The room may have been on the small side but for one night and with the price paid was great value for money. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. We will certainly visit again ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad HSK service,"We stayed last weekend in suite 540. Arriving at the hotel the room was not cleaned, so we had to wait more than one hour and half to enter the room. once there, the mini bar was not full so they had to bother and go a couple of times to the room. Maid service for a 5-star hotel leaves much to be desired. the standard is even lower than a 3 stars hotel. I found dirty toilet, stained yellow pillows, glasses unwashed, dirty mirrors, sinks with soap scum, dust everywhere, missing towels ... we do not disturb the room, however housekeeping knocked on the door at 9 and a half in the morning and again at 11, entering one of the occasions in the room. honestly it's something that I can not understand. the service offered doesn't have comparation with the price paid. All hotel…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A true London landmark,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 17 days and had the most comfortable stay. It is very close to Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Thames, and Trafalgar Square, but despite all the hustle-bustle outside, the hotel is serene. There are lots of theatres nearby. The rooms are well supplied and the staff is friendly and courteous. I had no problems at the Waldorf and would love to stay there again. ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Grat Hotel,Our stay at the Waldorf was pleasant. We enjoyed the bar and breakfast area. In addition to a polite and professional service the hotel enjoys a great location not far from Trafalgar Square  and in the middle of the theater area - not far from Soho.  The breakfast room is grand and the buffet is quite good. A little too crowded for my taste and the service is not the best due to the amount of people they need to wait on. Internet is terrible.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf at Covent Garden,Great location but small rooms. The executive happy hour and breakfasts were wonderful. The staff and concierge were very helpful and accommodating. The Hotel is close to Covent Garden and all the theatres. The Covent Garden tube station was closed for entry but was fine for exiting. The Hotel is very expensive for regular food and drinks and is somewhat lacking in ambience.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel & great location!,"First, our room & bathroom was huge! Much larger than I was expecting. It being London I expected a NY size room. The bathroom had double sinks, a magnifying mirror, a rain shower, & the tub was equipped with a handheld shower as well. The heated towel racks were not working but when brought to their attention, was repaired right away. We had a kingsize executive room so other rooms may be smaller. All the staff we encountered were friendly & helpful. We had breakfast every day in the executive lounge & the offerings of hot & cold food were excellent. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, a 5 minute walk to St. Paul's, a 10-15 minute walk to Waterloo Station, 8-10 minute walk to Trafalgar Square & the House of Parliament, Picadilly Circus, 5-10 minutes, two theaters…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 star experience,Check in was slow and our room wasn't ready even by 15.00 despite the fact we told them we were on a tight time schedule. After making a fuss they allocated us a room. The TV didn't work at all - the shower leaked and the sink didn't drain. We tried contacting both reception and guest services on a number of occasions but they failed to pick up the phone - in the end we gave up!!,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in London,"I was a little apprehensive while reading reviews on Trip Advisor. However, I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Their customer service is great. The staff members are very professional. The room was a good size. We got two double beds. The closet space is adequate. The bathroom is newly updated. Overall, the hotel is beautiful. We had a free buffet breakfast as HHonors Gold members. I thought the service was a little slow, but nothing to get annoyed over. Their food was not bad. They kept evuerything pretty well stocked.If you are a coffee drinker, you can skip this one. It is not very good. I would stick with tea. Weekend was definitely crowded for breakfast, but we ldid not have to wait longer than five minutes.   Location is great. It's a five minute walk to the tube,…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, well proportioned renovated rooms","We arrived after a long flight and had all our requests met with an extra rollaway in our double double room which while tight was great for our family of four. The rooms are very quiet considering they are above a busy road and the bathroom renovation was excellent. The heated towel rails are great to dry the hand washing that you inevitably need to do. The staff were friendly and the executive lounge is great to get a snack, have a sit and relax.the bonus was a hop on hop off bus stop at our doorstep and the theatre we are visiting is about 200 m away. If only the hotel staff could have improved the weather!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"The hotel from the outside looks amazing, the first member of staff who greeted us was the doorman who was on the 7th September (didn't get a name) very helpful and efficient. Check in was quick and simple just what you expect. The room was lovely and the robes and slippers a nice touch.when we did have an issue with the aircon within minutes there was a staff member to help. Bed was comfortable and we had a great sleep. The next day breakfast was really tasty and freshly cooked Mary made it even more special paying extra attention to the kids and was so helpful and friendly. next time I am in London I will be staying here. Thank you to all the staff but especially the doorman and Mary",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice but flawed communication,"Wonderful location near the theater district of London. Loved the old estate-styled elegance of the hotel.  We had more than one communication problem with the hotel. We had orebodies with points and when we checked in we were told they had upgraded our room which is typical of them with our status. However, the upgrade was a small room with a double bed. Our traveling companions both had queen beds and larger rooms without upgrading. On check out we were presented a bill for the room at exorbitant prices and they refused to honor our booked point purchase. We turned the matter over to our own efficient office manager to resolve as she had done the bookings.  The reception area was too small to sit long and the bar was so bad at short pouring drinks to the gentleman that they…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surrounded by rude snobs,"Stayed here during the summer and received a discounted booking price via a third party website for an Executive Room.  Two people were ahead of us at check in, which was particularly slow. Not so much due to the staff, but the snooty, snobby people in front of us complaining at the reception staff about trivial matters. When we got to the front of the queue we were checked in quickly, although there was no information given about the executive suite or about which restaurant to use, or for that matter where they were.   We were located on the top floor at the rear of the building, well away from the noise from the streets below. The room was very spacious and comfortable albeit with creaking floorboards. A large bathroom, plenty of closet space, a spacious living area with…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overrated. Overpriced. Very disappointing experience.,"I stayed here for one night in May paying just over £380 for a one night stay. For another £100 I could have stayed at the Savoy so it wasn't cheap.   I was assigned a disabled friendly room so after a long day travelling, I was really looking forward to a long soak in a bath. Unfortunately this wasn't to be as the hotel had assigned me a disabled friendly room. Everything in the room was designed for somebody in a wheelchair so wasn't very user friendly. I did ask to move rooms but was told the hotel was full - even though it was still showing availability on the Hiltons main website - odd.   I had to ask for towels to be sent up to the room. There weren't any.   Batteries in the TV remote were practicially dead.   Doorman practically shouted at me for smoking too near him and…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Much nicer hotels in London,View London frequently and won't be staying here again. Totally overrated. We had a queen room which was nice but the width of the wardrobe was between 10. -12 inches. Where you were expected to hang your clothes I do t know. Never seen a wardrobe so tiny. Ridiculous.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good meeting facilities ,"I visited the Waldorf Hilton for a work meeting. The 50+ delegates were well looked after by staff with good quality refreshments, snacks and meals. We enjoyed a clean and well decorated meeting room that was light and airy. I wouldn't hesitate to use this hotel again. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, but wish the wow of the palm court extended to the rest of hotel","Stayed here for a night to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  I have been here before for events, and the Palm Court is really spectacular so I was hoping the rest of the hotel would mirror that.    The hotel is really well located just on the edge of theatre land (Covent Garden).  We walked from Holborn station which was probably easier than making the way through all the crowds at Covent garden tube.    Check in was easy, the receptionist was friendly and the lobby is nice and clean and tidy.  The room itself (an executive room) was a little disappointing.  Although it was reasonably spacious it was arranged in a strange way which made it feel smaller.  It didn't help that when we arrived there was a neatly made up second bed in the room which we had to ask to have removed! …",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab weekend break,"Away for a girlie weekend and loved our stay here.  Location is amazing, staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are comfy and peaceful. I was on crutches during my stay and the staff went out of their way to help where they could.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Overnight Stay !,We stayed one night as we were in the capital to see a performance of Warhorse. The staff were very very helpful. Check in was easy and straightforward. Room was comfortable and clean.  Breakfast was excellent. It is also in a brilliant location for Theatreland.  Will stay again,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent pace for a theatre break,"We visit London at least once a year and always stay at this hotel.  It is always dependable for nice quiet rooms, very good service, and a pleasant, courteous, dependable staff.  The rooms are quite nice.    For food outside the hotel, there is a nice pub a couple of blocks away (The Wellington), a decent coffee shop with reasonable full English breakfast for about 7GBP within 25 meters (out the front door to the right), there is a Pret a Manger on the approaches to Waterloo Bridge (about 75 meters away), and there is a Tesco Express grocery near the Pret.    All in all, a great place to stay.  It is very convenient to the Tube, Trafalgar Square, Convent Garden, and the West End.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,weekend break,"stayed in a party of 12 people, lovely food, room was spotless, fantastic location, upgraded to a suite which was lovely too. Would have got lost on several occasions if not for the fantastic doorman called Daniel who was very helpful and nothing was too much trouble for him. a valuable member of staff to the team I would say !",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, absolutely horrible service","I travel to London several days each year for business and I am a HH Diamond member many times over.  It's hard to beat the location in the west end.  In previous years staff have been friendly and service has been decent.  In the last 6 or 8 months service has really gone down hill.  Front desk staff are not friendly and disengaged, no room upgrades are offered for diamond members; room service moves at snails' pace and orders are often wrong and food arrives cold; housekeeping is sloppy, do not disturb indicators are completely ignored, especially on the weekends when needed most; sundries, towels and water are frequently never replenished and room cleanliness barely meets minimum standards.  There is clearly a gap in management's competency  to hold hotel staff to a ""Waldorf""…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Terrible Check-in Experience, Not a Waldorf, but 6 Great Employees","Having just stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, a Hilton property in NYC, I was excited to book and stay at the Waldorf Hilton, London.  I am sorry to say that there is no comparison.  I will start with the reservation process via the phone.  I booked and received a confirmation of a QUEEN HILTON SUPERIOR room.  When I received the on line check in message, I checked in and received a message to come by the front desk and pick up my key and be on my way!  I also asked, per the prompt to be upgraded, if available, to a QueenDeluxe, if available.    This is where things started to change.  After the upgrade request, which was denied, my room was downgraded to a QUEEN HILTON ROOM PLUS.  I didn't understand why the change but I had my original confirmation with Superior room info, so I…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"After a slight problem with room service, we spoke to the duty manager and she could not have been more helpful, she ensured that the rest of our stay was totally enjoyable, Room clean and quiet for a central london hotel, def will stay again when in london next",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf wonderful location - needs some attention,"Had a great stay and enjoyed a beautiful junior suite room.  Staff was great, but we had a few experiences that are not expected at a 4 star property.  Jury is still out as to whether or not the property will respond to our satisfaction",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, but expensive!","Stayed one night here for a 40th birthday treat.  Three of us in a room with 2 double beds.   The room was clean, comfortable and well equipped, but rather soulless.  We paid £414 for the room, which we thought expensive, The LA Fitness Centre and pool was only open between 9.30-6pm, which if you are on a sightseeing break is not very convenient, ie not possible to use before breakfast or on returning from a day out.   Staff were pleasant and helpful.  Breakfast in lovely dining room was very good. If you are going to see Mamma Mia or The Lion King, both are only a few steps away and Covent Garden is ony a few minutes away.   I would recommend this hotel, but I feel for the price there are better options in that part of London.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent service when we really needed it!,"my room was beautifully appointed (i asked for one of the bigger rooms), the options for heating/cooling the room was excellent and the bathroom was luxurious (great warm showers!).  one of our business counterparts was suddenly taken ill and the hotel staff and duty manager did an amazing job helping us and were super flexible in getting him checked in to the hotel and checked up by a doctor. I was really impressed with their level of service.   I will definitely be staying here again ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb experience.,"Stayed one night, upgraded to a really nice spacious room. Probably signing up for Hilton Loyalty at Reception was a help.  All the staff we encountered were really friendly and helpful. The Breakfast was very good and the room itself plush. We will be going back.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Something special,"We went here for Afternoon Tea as part of an anniversary weekend, never had anything like it before and was really looking forward to it. We were not disappointed. Beautiful surroundings, elegant music, beautiful harp serenading us, the food was exquisite, and oh my goodness, so plentiful, I've never been so full in my life, the prosecco was the best I've ever tasted, and I could have happily had more! The service was first class and the best moment was when our lovely waiter brought an extra cake with ""happy anniversary"" written on the plate, unexpected and such a lovely touch. It made it very special, I would have no trouble recommending this for your special occasion.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"nice, cosy and well-placed","A bit crowded but hey, it's London :). This is a well situated hotel in the heart of London's theatre district and within a walking distance to Covent Garden, Temple and Holborn tube stations. Rooms are clean and comfy, the staff is friendly and helpful in all respects. The only disadvantage that I can think of is there is no in-room free wi-fi. It's available in the lobby only. Other than that this is a good place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,UNPROFESSIONAL STAFF NO CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS!!!,"I booked The Waldorf Hilton for my partners birthday surprise, before booking I contacted the hotel as it said the pool was closed for 3 weeks so I wanted to ensure that it would be back open by the time we would be going otherwise i would have booked elsewhere i was advised that it would definitely be back open so i went ahead with the booking. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in and everything seemed to go well nothing was mentioned of the pool being closed, we then went up to our room which was a nice room but then noticed the room had not been cleaned properly the bins were still full of rubbish and there was also some rubbish on the floor and the toilet roll in the bathroom had been almost used up. This is definitely not a 5 star service. We then thought we would let…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing room - amazing visit,"I have stayed here previously and been thoroughly impressed, the staff are warm and welcoming - offering to help whenever they can. The room was immaculate, good as new and with the executive room came executive lounge access that was fantastic, relaxing but professional environment created by the team there. I had two productive evenings in there (though I was slightly hampered by the refreshments offered.)  Thank you very much, I hope to stay again when I'm next down.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Perfectly located for what ever you wanted to spend your day or night doing but not to the higher standards you would expect for Waldorf. Room size was adequate as was the bath. The room was clean and orderly upon check in. However the air conditioning did not work and after it was repaired, only mildly cooled the westward facing room. The TV did not work but was repaired the next day while we were out. When we returned about 4 pm the room had not been refreshed. After calling housekeeping, three people came in, two sort of rushed through making up the room while the other person told us we did not advise them we wanted to have it made up by turning on a light switch?? What was very nice was the executive lounge with hot breakfast, snacks during day, the afternoon tea with…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,don't call this hotel,"Great hotel, have stayed with them many times, but don't try ringing reservations, or certainly not feed-back on reservations because they are inept.  Ring the main switchboard which seems to work better.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag but Wouldn't stay again..,"Firstly I would like to say that on the whole comfortable & well serviced. Having a convenient location close to Covent Garden is pleasant too.  Room was large & well presented, upon check in we were asked if we wanted single beds we said 'yes' when we returned to our room, this wasn't in place we had a queen sized bed instead.  Bathroom was very large & the selection of toiletries were very welcome, towels clean & changed daily but we had a broken toilet seat.  Breakfast was very good, a wide selection of items, continental, full English, cakes & pastries, tea & coffee served in a pot upon request at your table.  Bar area quite comfortable but needs updating as there were stains on the upholstery.  Major complaints we had. Rubbish outside one of the rooms left there for the…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely London Stay,"Hotel was lovely, rooms clean and staff friendly, ideally situated for theatre land and Covent Garden.  The hotel Had a lovely birthday cake surprise for my husband delivered to the room and swan bed decoration was a nice touch too.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel in a perfect spot,"Stayed here for a week again in Aug'15 (last time also a week a year ago).   For the 300 pounds a night its just average. I've been pushy enough to be upgraded into some special room, otherwise would be a ""3"".   1. Im Gold member at Hilton Honors, but at this hotel it gets you nothing (no lounge, no real room upgrade, nada).   2. lounge - even if you get it ain't much - very basic stuff for breakfast, and booze they have out for like an hour at 6. I love air conditioning- but its plain wrong here - watch your muscles- will freeze you if sit for longer than 5 minutes.   3. Shower - i hate those tiny bathtubs with shower head above them - im quite skinny, but hardly fit there, and water splashing everywhere, flooding floors every time (starting each day mopping floors with 3…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beatiful breathtaking exterior and interior,"Wonderful welcome to this visually stunning hotel, we had a 2 night stay booked over the weekend for our anniversary first impressions were wow wow wow so posh, attentive staff very efficient they clearly are very polished in their routine which made check in quick and easy. The room was easy to locate and very clean had everything radio while in the shower (very snazzy) tv hairdryer iron and luxurious complimentary toiletries.  Maybe I was expecting too much after my first impression but the bed was very small and the room was quite compact only enough room for a bedside table on one side of the bed which inevitably left me belting my head off the wall during my slumber on the other side of the bed was not happy at 4am when I done that..... so to a wee cuppa before we left in…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not sure,This is a real shame as the staff were pleasant and friendly. Breakfast was to be honest - a joke! Food was warm - not hot. Replenishing the food they'd run out of took a while. Asked for an egg cup for my daughters boiled egg and was told that they had none in the hotel. Was given a plate to use instead! This isn't The Waldorf of old,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Upgrade shock,"Had booked an overnight stay to take in a show in the capital, we'd booked last minute and we're looking forward to a good evening.  We arrived at the hotel to be greeted by Bowler Hatted Doorman, pleasant and courteous, taking our bags and ushering us into reception.  Reception greeted us with a warm welcome to the hotel, taking our name they thanked us for choosing the Waldorf Hilton and asked us to check in.   Once we had checked in we were advised that we had been upgraded to a junior suite and use of the executive lounge so all in all we were thrilled.  Taking the lift to our room we were amazed with the room, large room with a separate lounge, big bathroom and that WOW factor.  Luxury linens on the beds, designer soaps and sumptuous towels finished off the feel along with…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,superb,"an excellent hotel in the heart of theatre land,will stay again.the room was very comfortable ,quiet and clean.staff were extremely helpful and although the drinks are a bit expensive its worth a visit to the bar.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasantly surprised,"After reading mixed reviews of this property, I was very pleased and surprised by my experience. My friend and I each stayed in an executive room. The service was very good and the concierge was particularly helpful. The rooms were clean, comfortable in size and bedding was nice and firm. The Executive Lounge was fairly comfortable and covered many of our meals and though it was often crowded it still felt spacious. Much of the seating was very low which made it difficult to eat in many places for someone with back issues.   I was particularly pleased with the hotel's proximity to Covent Garden and many theaters which was important to me as a mobility impaired person.  I was disappointed but not surprised that the hotel pool was not open and that the alternative offered was not…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good but not great.,"We arrived late in the day and were given a room on the street level with handicap amenities which we did not request. We  requested an upper floor and were told we could move the next day. We were not contacted again. The Executive Lounge is very good but not great compared to other Hiltons. The only way to get ice is from Room Service. Having said that, our room which had a king bed as well as a cot for our daughter was large and comfortable. The staff was very pleasant but as another reviewer stated, there are times the front desk does not answer their phone. We would stay there again as we are loyal to the Hilton brand but there is room for improvement.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Choice,"Fantastic, great location, staff, room and facilities. We booked executive worth the extra as you gain access to the executive lounge that provides complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and early evening drinks (well I say free) still as much as you want. Will be back.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing meal,"A group of us visited this hotel for a meal in the restaurant and were most concerned to find that, despite having a confirmation text, the staff seemed to know nothing about our booking. We were found a table at the front part of the restaurant and then waited one hour before the starters came.One guest received an incorrect starter and another an incorrect main course, although due to obvious time restraints it was too late to change it. Waiting staff did not seem to have a clue how to serve correctly in a hotel of this calibre and the whole evening was somewhat disappointing. I shall certainly look elsewhere when making a booking for a meal out in future.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
2963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow.....,"I took my husband to the Homage Restaurant in the Waldorf for dinner after we saw the War Horse Theatre Show for our Anniversary,,Wow....a very posh looking hotel,,,the staff very polite and helpful..the dining is amazing with beautiful chandeliers and the food is delicious,,I managed to find a meal deal on Book a table...many great meal deals for all over the country..well worth looking..the Waldorf meal was half price(£30)each with a glass of bubbly too..can't complain,will definitely try and go there again....",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but could have been better,"Great location, very convenient for the theatre.  Hotel is very nice, but was let down by the check in staff. No acknowledgement of HHonors Gold status, and no offer of any kind of upgrade.  The room was nice enough, but I had expected it to be bigger given we had booked a King Hilton Executive Room - I am not 100% convinced that we did actually get this class of room, as it looked pretty much like a standard room to me.  The Executive Lounge had a good selection of drinks, but the canapes weren't up to much, very limited selection, tempura vegetables or meatballs, that was it.  Would we stay again? Maybe, but only for the location.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in a central location with friendly staff,"I stayed here August 15 - 18 with family before heading to Ireland.  The moment I pulled up in a taxi one of the bellhops was at the taxi door assisting me with my luggage.  This set the scene for the rest of my stay and was indicative of the level of service provided by the hotel staff.  Many of the staff members addressed me by name after one day, which I found to be quite impressive.  I cannot compliment the level of customer service here enough.  I stayed in a recently remodeled room on the 6th floor which was a decent size and had a comfortable bed. I especially liked the large bathroom with the sloping ceiling, and the amount of natural light that shone in every morning.  Since I am a Hilton HHonors Gold member breakfast was included with my stay.  It was served in a…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in central location - stay here,"I just stayed here for 2 nights with my husband & we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Location of the hotel is fabulous, staff were friendly, rooms are really lovely & we were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded on arrival. The Executive room is big & very comfortable, beds are really comfy. We could here some noises outside in the hallway but this didn't bother us. The other great thing is that surrounding the hotel are great restaurants, bars, shopping & attractions. I can highly recommend staying here.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A fabulous hotel in the heart of theatre land and Coven Garden,"I stay at this hotel often.  I am slightly biased as I am a Hilton Diamond member and I am also a Waldorf Hilton Premier member of many years.  Most of London's theatres are in walking distance as is the fantastic area of Covent Garden full of restaurants, shops, bars and street entertainers.  The hotel is historic and iconic, it mixes old and new very well indeed with refurbished guest rooms, great food, wine and service in The Homage Restaurant and Good Godfrey's bar.  Afternoon tea is a must but book early as it is always full.  If you are travelling to London make sure you do not miss out on this very English institution, book tea and dinner at the same time as you book your room!  On my last visit (July 2015) I stayed in an executive room.  Extremely comfortable bed,…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Strange and not a Waldorf,"Let me give you the facts. This hotel has a great location. But that's about it. Don't think Waldorf means much. I have stayed het about 6 times a year for the last 4 years and it is very spotty for rooms and service. You can a really horrible interior room. You can have erratic housekeeping.  And after 10 pm, you can call reception or anyone and nobody picks up sometimes for 20 rings. Trust me I have actually counted. But it's still a great location.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
2969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea and overnight stay,Wonderful location close to several theatres and Covent Garden. We were in a group of mainly elderly travellers on a coach trip. Faced with several steps in the foyer we asked for porters to help with cases only to be told that 'porterage has to be booked in advance'.  That was the first disappointment. There were several steps to our room and into the restaurant which for anyone with limited mobility was quite a challenge. The afternoon  tea was ordinary. I had better in Manchester and Lancashire with China cups and plates. Just white pots in the Waldorf! The second disappointment.  Breakfast was  adequate but nothing exceptional. The bedroom was comfortable but too hot with air conditioning that didn't work. So all in all we felt that the Waldorf trades on its past reputation…,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,small room,"firstly I was offered a smoking room although I had booked non-smoking. I went to the room but the smell in the corridor was unpleasant and in the room unbearable. I went back to reception and they changed, even though 5 minutes before they said the didn't have any. No bathrobe, slippers or newspaper as advertised with a queen plus deluxe. Felt quite small but obviously didn't measure square foot to compare with what was advertised. Emailed hotel next day but no reply after a couple of days, so they clearly don't care.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Incompetent Service- Rude behavior,"My experience was beyond everything which is bearable for regular client (as I wasn't staying in). Was looking to get a voucher. As I was there to pay it and collect it, no one was aware that I was there and wanted to get my voucher, although I called for this purpose the same day! Waited there in the hope to collect the voucher I have been put off for the next to receive the voucher via email in a certain time frame. Didn't happen! So I called, as it was a gift and I was supposed to hand it over. It is an unfortunate way to deal with clients and a lack of professionalism!!! Happy not to have this experience again !!!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
2972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"Stayed here for a business trip. On arrival I received a complimentary upgrade.  Can't fault anything to do with the hotel, excellent reception staff, excellent room and a great stay whilst working away. Would definitely consider staying here again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
2973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What's Missing?,"This was our second stay at The Waldorf and in many respects it was better than the first.  The first time we were there the Waldorf completely messed up and as a result our afternoon tea was was provided in the Private Lounge which can best be described as soulless. To their credit they did offer us a free tea on the following day. This year we had tea in the  Homage Restaurant - which is one of the reasons most people attend the afternoon tea experience I presume.  I can't level any criticism at the food or service - both met our expectations.  We also had breakfast here. Breakfast is not a peaceful affair, being a buffet set up.  Once again, the quality of the food couldn't be faulted and we were aware of the kitchen staff constantly restocking the hot food. Sometimes one…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WOW,"Stayed here last week, only for one night this wasn't enough in such a fantastic Hotel! Oozing style and charm this hotel just HAS to be one of the Capital's most beautiful hotels. Every Team member I encountered were clearly proud to work there, and rightly so. A real credit to such a stunning building. I will most certainly be back!",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"One night stay, with breakfast included, with a coach company","We had also booked a 3 course dinner with a glass of champagne per person (2) through the web.  The meal was lovely although service was a little slow.    Breakfast was a little disappointing.  Only one toaster was working which led to queues, eggs were dried up and we had to wait for bacon, tomatoes and mushrooms, which had all run out. The bedroom was lovely and the pillows were the softest I have ever slept on!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel,"What a fantastic hotel! Stayed in room 311 for two nights. Lovely big bathroom & had the comfiest bed ever. Close to lots of restaurants, bars & theatres Breakfast had something for everyone including freshly made Nutella muffins! Would definitely recommend this hotel! :-)",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastico ,"Just back from Four days of sightseeing, this hotel is a great base for any direction in which you want to go.Rooms were a good size and very  clean ,air con a bit noisy had to put off through the night so room got very hot. Apart from that would definitely be back.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Back To The Cavendish,"On arrival after a 15 minute wait at reception we were told that our Suite was not available for check in.We were told to go to The club lounge for refreshments,must add the self serve coffee machine was out of order as it still was the following day,just buy a new one. When advised that our suite was ready we arrived only to find that the room keys had not been verified,back to reception once again,another 10 minute wait,don't you employ staff. The room itself was fine with a very generous bathroom and walk in shower,the bed was most comfortable , along with this all audio equipment was of a good standard. On arrival at breakfast in the morning the queue was snaking somewhat,we went to the club lounge , same sceario.breakast itself was the usual fayre , nothing to write home…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice clean room with great location.,"We stayed here for one night over the weekend and had a lovely time. The hotel location is fabulous, right on the strand with loads of restaurants and bars to choose from. On arrival was greeted by a helpful, friendly door man and check in was quick and easy. The room was very clean and decorated tastefully with lots of wardrobe space. The only downside was the maid waking us up at 9am after a night out on the town, when we were only staying for the one night, so no need for house keeping until we checked out. Apart from that, pleasant stay and would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in excellent location,"This is a very good hotel in an excellent location, handy for lots of great restaurants, bars, theatres and tube stations. Our room was bright, modern and clean and the bathroom looked recently renovated and had an excellent shower. For a London hotel it was a decent size and we had no road noise. Recommended. ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"I checked in and my husband who made the booking was joining me soon after. They put us in their disabled access room (not needed by us) and it was not the nice room shown in the pictures upon booking I later found out when my husband sent me the link to what room we had booked. I complained to reception and they moved us to another room - much, much better and exactly what we expected. Felt like they were just hoping we would say nothing and pay all that money for a not so nice room. Lounge breakfast was included - watered down orange juice and a poor selection of breakfast on offer. We checked out and found a really nice breakfast place elsewhere. On checkout we were asked if all okay and we told them what we thought and they just smiled and said nothing. Perhaps our…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hilton with great location,"Very nice Hilton with decent room size for London.  We had junior suite and another room for the kids.  Beds were very comfortable and the A/c worked very well.  Executive lounge was nice for a cocktail and snack.  Breakfast buffet had great selection in the main dining area.  Lobby can get crowded and busy in the afternoon - If you are a Hilton diamond and the lobby is crowded just ask the bellmen or concierge and they will take you to the executive lounge to check in.   Right in the theater district and centered between 5 tube lines gives you options.  We did find that taking a cab was easier and more affordable than the tube for a family of four.  You can walk to many attractions British museum, Buckingham, Westminster abbey, The Eye, st pauls and the convent garden market. …",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Regular home at London,Love the location in the middle of the theatre district...the buzz and excitement around. The location is approachable to places of business from oxford to bank street. The rooms are basic as it is with all of London but its reasonably sufficient for a good night sleep. Good breakfast places around and the thames a walking distance away adds to the charm.  ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
2984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff who go the extra mile,"As first impressions go you don't get better than this. We stayed for a couple if days as our friends were getting married there, and from arrival to departure the staff couldn't do enough for us. The hotel is conveniently located near Covent Garden which is a vibrant area of the city. After the wedding ceremony we had afternoon tea in the restaurant which we found to be superb. Special attention was given to the children who had a hot choclate afternoon tea which they loved. .Our junior suite was beautifully decorated and was perfect for our family of four breakfast in the executive lounge was lovely. We had a wonderful weekend which was made extra special by the staff who certainly went the extra mile!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
2985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very wheelchair accessible! Lovely hotel amazing staff!,"Stayed here in May for a long weekend! Bedroom was huge with a very accessible bathroom with roll in shiwer/wet room! Joined in the tango super! Which was an amazing exsperiance! Hotel staff looked after my wheelchair so i could live a dream of going in a horse and carriage! Was was great of them! All the staff where amazingly helful, and the hitel is very accessible for wheelchair users!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
2986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury in the heart of London,"The hotel lived up to its reputation, service is impeccable. I had an issue with the shower letting water on the floor all over the bathroom. One call to reception and I got my room changed as well as a bottle of wine. The location is great for exploring London. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
2987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Would like to find something wrong but honestly can`t. Staff could not be more helpful and friendly. The executive lounge was very comfortable and quiet were coffee and snacks were a welcome treat.  Food at breakfast was varied and fresh. Service at all times attentive.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,HistoricHotel next to Covent Garden London - Waldorf Hilton,"I had a wonderful 1 months stay in the Waldorf during a business trip. I learnt after checkin that no room is the same in this historic hotel and some rooms are much larger then others although being in the same room category. Andrea Herrera @ Front desk,  did provide fantastic help to find a nice and large room for my long stay. During my stay it took some time to get a problem in the bathroom fixed, but finally Vincent from maintenance could fix the problem. Thanks Mike",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels I've stayed in...,"We had a beautiful large king-bed room and they were kind enough to provide a cot for my daughter.  Bathroom recently redone with a very well-functioning shower/tub.  Air conditioning worked very well and mattress was very comfortable for a great night's sleep.  Executive lounge was overfilled and a bit cramped but friendly staff helped us through several breakfasts and cocktail hours.  Paid a quick visit to the adjacent bar, which was nice but very quiet.  My wife pointed out that it was one of the best places she has stayed and I agree with that.  Very well done.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Good location but room average, a bit like a rabbit warren inside. I had booked this with a Hilton voucher given to me for the mess up they had made with a stay earlier in the year at one of their hotels. Although I made it quite clear when booking that it was a free night voucher and gave them the voucher number I had an idea that it would not be so simple when I checked in so I also took a print of my booking with me. True to form, on arrival I was told that the cost of the room was X so I explained that it had been booked with a Hilton voucher, given to me to apologise for Hilton's previous error with another booking, - the hotel had no record of it so I produced my booking confirmation plus the said voucher and was told that they would have to look into it, the room wasn't…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent 3 day stay at this hotel, Concierge were very helpful and friendly, pelase use them","Hotel is in a great location for theatres, Covent Gardens, London Eye, fully recommend this Hotel.  Booked my limo via the concierge team for collection at the airport and our return journey back there charged straight to the room, driver was friendly and courteous as were the concierge team, all hotel staff were excellent.  If you do not have Hilton Honor card then I would highly recommend getting one.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Cocktails-rest not so,"No queue for check in which was good. Chap checking me in seemed pretty indifferent. Was the first time I wasn't welcomed back as a repeat guest and my Hilton Honours Gold status was not recognised. I had checked in on-line the day before enabling me to select my preferred room and was given my keys.   On getting to my room it was apparent I had not been given the room I had selected on-line. In addition there was a second camp bed taking up nearly all the free space in the room. Asked for it to be removed which housekeeping did while we enjoyed afternoon tea in the executive lounge. The lounge staff were helpful, friendly and polite throughout my staff.  The highlight of the stay was cocktails in Godfreys bar on the Friday evening- well worth the money and great service too.  …",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No point trying to pre-book anything in advance as it will not be upheld,Pre-booking any specific requests in advance makes no difference as they do not uphold any of them despite the Hotel Guest Services Manager confirming by email that my request would be upheld. Being a Hilton Honours Gold member gives no increased benefits as it has done in the past as the Hotel staff do not seem to even recognise loyalty. This hotel check in clerk was totally non-engaging on check in and indeed was quite terse!,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldoref Hilton London, Ecellent Location","we had 3 wonderful days here and the hotel staff, concierge were second to none, the location is the best for theatre, Covent Garden, London eye etc., we used the hotel Limo service from airport to hotel and return again would definitely recommend this if flying into London City Airport",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed here for a weekend in London and it was the perfect central location for our needs, not too close to the busy tourist areas but not that far either. We had an upgrade to a deluxe room, which was nice and gave us access to the executive lounge for breakfast, which was lovely.  My only complaints were that the AC stopped working at one point, so we had to have the window open and on the busy A4 it was a bit noisy! And the bed wasn't the most comfortable, but certainly not the worst I've slept in.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Customer Satisfaction,"The staff were cheerful and engaging, the room was very clean, as was the rest of the hotel, and the stay was enjoyable. The reception and concierge staff were the highlight. It should always be remembered that the experience is remembered long after the cost is forgotten.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
2997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel. Amazing location. ,"I have stayed at the Waldorf Hilton several times, and it is always a pleasant stay. The location is simply great, proximate to everything in London, particularly Covent Garden shops and restaurants. The London Eye is a pretty walk across the bridge, and Trafalgar and Piccadilly are also close by. I strongly recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable Stay,"My wife and I chose the Waldorf as base for a weekend stay on London and we were both pleasantly surprised with the quality of accommodation. As it was a weekend break we chose a standard queen room and expected just the basics. However, the room, was fresh and ticked all the boxes for us. The check-in staff were exceptionally polite and were were able to take our room key earlier than the advised check-in time. We did not use the restaurant as we had other arrangements but would happily recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a good, comfortable base for a London visit.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
2999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or2995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Charming hotel,"Charming hotel right in the middle of all the tourist action. As a Hilton gold was upgraded to a much larger, nicer room at the back of the hotel. Enjoyed a lovely time in the pleasant surroundings of the bar. Only negatives were the creaky floorboards and expensive prices.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic style hotel,"I visited this hotel for a special family birthday. The location is very convenient for many tourist attractions, especially the theatres and nearby Covent Garden. It's a very well kept building for one so old. At first we were disappointed as the double room which we were put in was much poorer in quality than the twin room which our family had been put in. The size of the room wasn't big enough to swing a mouse in and the view of the pigeon poo covered air conditioning units was less than we would have hoped. A visit to reception was difficult at first as ""nothing could be done"" however a few choice words and a room managed to create itself. This room had a lovely view and was almost double in size (but was the same class of room), we weren't upgraded, it's just a room that we…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I didn't want to leave!,"I booked to stay at the Waldorf last night as a surprise bday present for my boyfriend. I had come for afternoon tea a few weeks ago and fell in love with the place! Such friendly staff and the afternoon tea was the best I have had. Last week I emailed the reservation team telling them it was my boyfriend's birthday surprise and they upgraded us to a larger room! When we arrived yesterday, we were early and the room wasn't ready yet so we went in Good Godfrey's lounge in the lobby for tea and scones. When we went up to the room... OMG. It was beautiful. I was so pleased. We were on the 8th floor with views of the shard, a huge bed, double sinks, huge bath tub, seperate shower and it was all amazing. We went for a meal I had booked at our favourite restaurant STK right opposite…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lost its luster,"Classic hotel in a great location for business and pleasure alike. Unfortunately this hotel has seen better days. The rooms are clean but a little rough around the edges so to speak. The carpet tacks were poking through the carpet at the threshold to the bathroom. The TV and WIFI were very finicky.  Overall average for the money, stay for the location but keep low expectations. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Classic hotel, great location","Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in late May 2015 with my wife and youngest daughter (10 yrs).  This was a great location, allowing easy walking distance (with a semi-cooperative 10 year old) to the Thames, London Eye, Big Ben/Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, and Covent Gardens.  Easy Underground and Rail station access too. Note that the pool has very limited hours, and is actually inside a health club (which hotel guests get access to).  We stayed in the executive floor, and the breakfast/beverages/afternoon tea that came complimentary was really great (much more than we expected).  We will definately consider this hotel again on our next trip.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We used this hotel for a 2 day meeting, night time check in was not very good to say the least. However what a difference a change of staff make. In the morning it was a completely different picture. Super friendly staff, Concierge so helpful with everything management always around to ensure everything is running as it should be. Fabulous food in the private dining and a great location for the Theatre etc. Rooms are hit and miss, some are large and spacious some quite a bit smaller, some areas need a lick of paint and the lifts are very slow. If your wanting a nice hotel in a great location and easy to get around you cannot go far wrong with this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A memorable break in London!,"My partner and I decided to treat my daughter to a theatre break for her 21st birthday in July.  From start to finish, our experience was exceptional!  The staff at all times were extremely friendly, accommodating and professional.  Despite arriving very early, they stored our luggage and texted us when the room was ready.  The room was very comfortable and the bathroom huge, however my only gripe would be that the single bed was a camp bed, which was disappointing considering the price that we paid for 3 adults to stay.  Afternoon tea, drinks and canapes, and breakfast in the Executive lounge was outstanding.  Such a great variety of foods and drinks in a very relaxed environment.  One very special and thoughtful touch that brought a huge smile to my daughter's face, was a…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel excellent location,"I was most impressed with the rain shower and the excellent air conditioning during the August hot spell. The location was excellent especially for theatre goers. I did find the bathtub a bit narrow, the closet space as well as the drawer space was rather limited.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wal-dwarf,"Good location, close to the theaters. But the bedrooms are very small. The beds are the smallest I've ever seen. Looks like queen Mary's beds!!! If you want to sleep well, avoid standard rooms. They are for dwarfs! I had to pay extra £70.0 per day for bigger beds!!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel !,"This hotel is great in location as it is close to Convent Garden, the British Museum, Trafalgar Square and the theatres in the area. Perfect for a weekend in London. The room we had was quite small, but very clean and it was decorated in the Edwardian style. The restaurant was in the same theme and the breakfast is amazing. The staff is very helpful and amiable, ready to help you with anything. We recommend this hotel for it's position, room conditions and helpful staff.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Living on past name. ,"Not what I was expecting. This is pretty much a run of the mill 4star London hotel. Not even close to a 5star. Don't expect the glitz and glamour you think you'll get.  Stayed in lots of London hotels and I won't be staying here again, not that it is bad in anyway, there's just better hotels for cheaper.  Rooms are ok, not luxurious as I was expecting.  Friends had a little starter bite to eat in bar and it was horrible, they couldn't even eat it all and 4 chips between 2 people is just a joke.  Location is this hotels main selling point as you are right in the theatre district. Around the corner from Trafalgar, Covent Garden. Leicester Sq.  Don't fall into the trap and book on the name alone as you'll feel let down. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow,"Of all the hotels I have stayed in this in my top 3 the hotel is spotless and the rooms and spacious and bright, the bar is a charming place to hang out, with a vast array of cocktails and wines, we will definitely will be returning as soon as we can !",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London break,I enjoyed a lovely two day break with Family and Friends here we wanted this location as it was almost next door to the theatre where we had booked a show. We got a good deal through Expedia including breakfast which was fab! Although we couldn't check in before 3pm they stored our bags while we went exploring and again the following day after we checked out we called back to pick them up at 5pm this service was very useful.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,The staff greeted me with a smile and were always willing to assist in anything I needed.  The room was small but had a fairly large bathroom with a great shower. TV was large for room size and everything else worked perfectly.  The location is amazing. Everything was within walking distance or a 20 pound cab ride. Loved it.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"Have stayed here a few times and previously service was good, but has seemingly gone down hill.Had to call maintenance to get TV to work in one of our rooms and had to call house keeping to get the other room made up after being out of the hotel all day.Restaurant food was good, but portions very small. The was some building maintenance going on outside the hotel on arrival and had to use another entrance.also, limited sparkling wine to just 2 bottles in the executive lounge per evening, lucky to get one glass!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Good Hotel,"This hotel is good, however there were many points which I thought could be improved. Especially the service level of the staff. When I stayed I didn't feel as though it was up to the standard of other Waldorfs. However rooms were clean and of a good size, and since the location was so good I would probably stay again. ",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in London really enjoyed our stay,"We had a lovely stay in this hotel...Really enjoyed, nice service and would definitely use it again.  Great location also. Check out to see if you can get any deals at last minute off peak season.  Nice rooms and facilities.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meal in restaurant ,"Had a groupon deal for meal in the restaurant. Tables were so close together, only 4 choices for main and I received FIVE (actually) chips after paying a fortune for them as a side. Ridiculous! Only reason I didn't say was because my husband had made a big effort for my birthday. His meal was so small (coq au vin), he had to eat again when we arrived home. Service was wonderful but will not be returning. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"nice hotel, nice people","Stayed here for the second time last week with the family and its fast becoming my go-to hotel for my regular London business trips. Totally refurbished, the rooms are well appointed, reasonably priced and the location, right in between the City and the West End and the fringe of Covent Garden is perfect. I will be back...regularly",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Overnight Stay,"Visited here for a Sunday night stay on a Coach Break to visit Buckingham Palace. The staff were very helpful and we were soon checked in. The room was very clean, the bathroom on the small size with just a shower, which was ideal for us. The towels were a good size which is unusual as bath towels are normally not much bigger than hand towels, There was a good hospitality tray. The hotel is in an excellent location for Covent Garden and theatres. The breakfast was good with plenty of choice. After our visit to Buckingham Palace we returned for afternoon tea which was excellent with finger sandwiches, scones and choice of cakes. Would stay again",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,wonderful weekend,"Lovely stay at the Waldorf Hilton this weekend.  The staff were genuine, polite and willing to help. We ate dinner and breakfast in the Homage Restaurant. Dont be misled thinking it is too expensive, we found the prices very competative with local restaurants. The food was excellent - I can highly recommend the Duck from the a la carte menu for dinner, very nicely cooked and presented. Restaurant staff are very efficient and accomodating. The breakfast again we had from the menu which was delicious and a very reasonable price. The accomodation was clean and fresh and a good variety of facilities available. Thankyou Waldorf Hilton for a lovely weekend. Ps lovely coffee :o)",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay at the Waldorf!,"We had a 2 night stay in an Executive King room at the end of July.  Every aspect of our stay from arrival on an extremely rainy Sunday morning when the lovely concierge staff stored our bags until our room was ready, to departure when, again, our bags were helpfully stored after we checked out, was spot on.    Our 4th floor family room was superb - spacious and spotless (as was the en suite bathroom).  Lovely and quiet too.  Access to the Executive lounge was a bonus and we encountered no difficulties whatsoever here - the lounge itself was like a little oasis away from the hustle and bustle of London outside. Much appreciated indeed. Great selection available at breakfast too.  Probably the highlight from our daughter's (age 9) point of view was the replica glass elevator in…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and wonderful hotel!,"First time in London and the hotel accommodations were perfect!   We were on club floor so had access to the club which was very nice.  Staff helpful and pleasant .   Location was wonderful within walking distance to theater, Covent Gardens, Chinatown and Picadilly Circus.   My only complaint is small,  I thought the restaurant suggestions of Conceirge were weak.   I can't wait to go back!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat ... Secret hotel ,Visited in July and had booked as a secret hotel at a fantastic price . Was really pleased with the hotel and the welcoming on arrival . Our room was lovely . Godfreys bar is delightful . The Waldorf is located close to theatres Covent Garden and Leicester Square and was very easy to find . I was not informed when booking that on arrival they take a £50 security deposit that takes app 8 days to credit back into your account after checking out so be aware of this . Will definitely return though as thoroughly enjoyed our stay ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family trip ,"We chose the Waldorf Hilton for a family stay, and to celebrate our parents being married 55 years. Having made what we thought was good research we were disappointed on arrival that promised upgrades weren't available, and the exec lounge has now moved to top tier diamond only, and this also isn't made clear on booking.  Rooms are clean and comfortable but views from them limited.  Exec lounge... Some furnishings dated and in need of refurb, glass top tables chipped, and pins under seat cushions protruding BUT On the plus side, this property is superbly located and centrally placed for all the theatres.  Would probably stay again based on location only, and being prescriptive on room type when booking! Staff exemplary, great friendly service!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located helpful staff -,"The once famous heritage, glitz and glamour of the London Waldorf is no longer really in evidence at this hotel, as it is now part of the Hilton chain.  However if you are looking for a comfortable centrally located hotel this could fit the bill.  Our first room smelt of smoke and the bathroom door lock was faulty so the helpful concierge staff relocated us, the third option offered was a  recently refurbished spacious  twin bedded room on the top floor, which was quiet with very comfortable beds. (Ask for a room that faces in to the courtyard for noise reduction).  The bathroom was clean but did not offer  enough toiletries for 2 people.  All in all an adequate venue for a one night stay, helpful friendly staff, reasonable facilities, but lacking  that special added extra!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton,"Not very impressed with this property, not worth the money paid. Showers need to be renovated seriously, and customer service is not important to the staff working here. A/C never works, always changes to heat mode which was so annoying everyday. Not worth it.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We love this place,We can't understand the bad reviews. We were upgraded to a king executive and spent sometime in the executive lounge and we loved every bit of it. Food delicious and drinks were lovely. Anyway back to the room - amazing.  Everything from the bed to the space to the bathroom.  We had a TV in the bath.  They treated us to a cake for our anniversary which was delicious.  You come to London to see the sights but we wanted to stay in the room that's how good it was.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"good hotel, good food","This is a good hotel, rooms were nicely maintained. Very good noise isolation. If you need a very quiet room, ask for the one facing courtyard. Bathrooms are beautifully done. Good selection for breakfast but nothing extraordinary. No cheeses selection, no fruits. minibar expensive. Night menu room service not to extensive and no indication of the night menu in the room. Reception very pleasant  and efficient.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Once classy hotel now mobbed by coach parties,"The once superb Waldorf has succumbed to the Hilton brand. A steady progression down market is characterised by expensive wifi, an overcrowded breakfast buffet, and fading furnishings. Once past the doorman it all begins to fade. A nice bar livens things up. Breakfast did not start until 7am - in London when on business this is way too late.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Expected Better, but still satisfactory","My wife and booked 2 nights with Hilton Honors Points.  First, we were upgraded to an Executive room, which I assume is larger than standard. A beautiful torte welcomed us upon our arrival. The bed was firmer than most Hilton beds, which took a night to get used to.  The room was well equipped with flat screen tv, in-room safe, desk with mirror, sitting chair, power outlets for UK, EU, and U.S. plugs, which was really nice.  The bathroom was very large, sporting a large tub with a handheld sprayer, a stand shower with large fountain head, and dual sink vanity. There was also a towel warmer, though I'm not sure if it worked or not. Everything looked very proper, and Upscale. However, the water did not get hot in the shower. It was very hot in the tub, but basically cold from the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long weekend at The Waldorf from Thursday to Monday,"Our welcome from door staff, concierge and staff excellent. The bed comfortable and the room was nice but I expected more for Queen Deluxe Plus. Bathrobes and towels had seen better days. I went to book pre-theatre dinner at 4pm for 6pm and was told they were too busy to accommodate us. The concierge and I spent the next 15 minutes trying to persuade staff to feed us as we were hotel guests and attending a show next door. Eventually when I suggested we ate at another restaurant were given a table. Ironically, the table for four next to us remained empty throughout our dining. Next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast in bed.We decided to take breakfast in the dining room the following day. We had to 'wait on line' for about 15 minutes before being seated so decided to take…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always perfect,We stay at this hotel always when in London which is often. Great service and old world charm!  We LOVE the location - in the west end as we see a lot of theater.  Within a few steps are tons of restaurants to choose from and of course Covent Garden in its backyard.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surely not 5 stars,"Stayed for one night in the anticipation of a 5 star luxury stay to end our honeymoon. Unfortunately we were left disappointed. How this is rated 5 stars is beyond me.   The room was small (typical for London, but not a 5 star hotel) and space was hard to come by with 2 suitcases. The beds were so-so and the bed curtain was dirty. The bathroom was ok, but needed more counter space.   Staff asked us at check-in about our honeymoon and promised ""something special"". Well that didn't arrive either. I also found concierge staff who looked after our bags after check-out to be arrogant and seemed like they did not want to be there.   The only thing going for this hotel is the location. Overall, significantly overpriced and certainly not worthy of 5 stars. Not the luxury stay we had…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Location ,"We walked from Waterloo, took 10 mins. The hotel is easy to find and very impressive to look at.   We were upgraded from a Queen to a Queen plus and had complimentary wine, fruit and chocolate which was a lovely surprise.   The hotel is right in the West End and you really feel part of it.   Room was great and bed was fantastic.   We will be back.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely anniversary treat!,"Fantastic experience at this beautiful hotel! Welcoming staff, lovely clean rooms and surprise cake for our 15 year Wedding Anniversary. Perfect location for our weekend in London. Look forward to coming back!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A very elegant hotel, but the housekeeping is falling behind","As a family of 5 we had 2 junior suites booked, which gives you access to the lounge. The lounge gives you free breakfast, afternoon tea and a nice pre-meal with drinks. All inclusive in the hotel bill. The hotel seems newly refurbished, all very elegant, clean and fresh. The junior suites are spacious, clean and big. The beds seemed a bit hard to us, but after the first night they were fine. The big disappointment with this very elegant hotel was the housekeeping. Two days in a row our rooms were not cleaned and so we had to call reception. We got all sorts of poor explanations, but none really acceptable considering this stylish hotel. I cannot recall having experienced this ever in a hotel, so something must be seriously wrong with their housekeeping processes. The gym and…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good (not great) Property, Great location, great value","This is in a great location around the corner from covent garden.  I've stayed at a variety of hotels around town and this is by far the largest room (within a decent property) around.  Not the cheapest property but far from the most expensive.  I wouldn't call the rooms dated, just a little more traditional; some modern touches over traditional decor...  With a nice large room crossed off the liste, you're ready to tackle town with covent garden theaters & a tube stop right around the corner.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,After noon tea,"Not impressed with service  ,having had afternoon tea at other hotels ,this was not good ,,food okay traveled to London on a road trip ,with my granddaughter ,this was one off the treats. Not valuable for 129 oo   did order second pot off tea ,,never arrived at table ,,",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed but good location,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on 11th July 2015 for 1 night. We arrived at the hotel at about 9am after a 13.5 hour flight and almost an hours ride on the train from Heathrow airport.  Sadly we did not get an early check-in, so we left our bags and wandered around. We got out rooms on Hilton points – my boyfriend is a gold member, we did not get any upgrades but we did get free wifi, to be honest, I wasn’t very impressed with the rooms, hotel decorations or the fact that they did not allow us to check-in early and they didn’t bother to upgrade our rooms. Although we got the rooms on points, that’s saying, we’ve been paying loads and staying in Hilton many times and accumulated all those points to redeem a room – shouldn’t Hilton provide the best service there is for someone…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Prepared for a HOT summer !!!!,"The Waldorf Hilton Hotel in London is in an old building that is not prepared to hot summers. I had to change room twice because of the air conditioning! Besides it, The Waldorf Hilton Hotel is in a very good location for those who appreciate nightlife. The hotel is walking distance to the Opera House and lots of restaurants and theaters at the Convent Garden area. .",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hotel nice, pool is a disaster","Overall, The hotel was lovely.  The only downsides were that the room smelled funky and the pool was in a room that was falling apart.  The base of the walls in the pool room were crumbling.  It was nothing like the website photo. It was part of a health club and the locker room was a mess.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Location,"Always wanted to stay at the Waldorf Hilton, looks such a lovely Hotel walking past from the outside. Some of the reviews I have seen on here were not great, so it was with a little trepidation that we booked a room for a one night break. Arrived early, so our bags were looked after while we went out for a few hours, the front desk texted us when our room was ready which was a nice touch.  Lovely room, 439, modern with a deco feel, larger than we thought with a very large bathroom, looking over Somerset House. Breakfast was included and was in the Homage restaurant, top quality buffet breakfast in a beautiful room.   Left some expensive sunglasses in the room and phoned the Hotel in the evening to see if they had been found, great service, housekeeping found them and offered to…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,"The rooms are decent sized for central London.  This hotel is walking distance to many restaurants and attractions and a few Tube stops.  We found it quite convenient for sightseeing in London.  There are also several theatres in walking distance, so seeing a show is especially easy.  There's a gym downstairs that you can use if you're a hotel guest -- so it's much larger than your average hotel gym.  The lounge is quite small though, and it was often crowded.  The food was good, though -- they even have an afternoon tea with scones, clotted cream, jam, and small sandwiches.  My only issues were that the design of the shower was nice except that it seemed difficult to prevent water from leaking all over the floor after using it.  The lounge was also so full at times that seating…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrific hotel and location ,"We usually stay at another hotel in this location. We decided to upgrade. We are glad we did. The girl at the front desk was very accommodating and listened to our need for a wAlk in shower. She gave us the perfect room. The shower was just what we needed the bed was king and very comfortable. The air conditioning bead great. The best thing about this hotel was the location. It is walking distance to so many places; Covent Garden, west end the plays, Trafalgar Square, China Town.  Very helpful staff and Concierge. We did not try any of the hotel restaurants since this hotel is surrounded by so many great choices. I would definitely stay here again. Our son lives around the corner. We are always in need of a great hotel in this area. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,stanards have slipped!!,"Service and standards of staff in this hotel have definitely slipped! Dismissive,verging on rude,reception staff. Waiting staff were scruffy in appearance. We had afternoon tea and we received a chipped teapot that I had to ask to be replaced. I would love to know how they can make various sandwiches completely tasteless( we were trying to guess what they were!) Had much better afternoon tea elsewhere, including The Empire in Brunei! We were supposed to get tour of this hotel(the whole point of the trip),however, we were told the member of staff we off and book would be put in our room. When we didn't receive this book we were told they were out of stock!! Appalling! But willing to take your cash! Felt sorry for our organiser CAB as they were let down and won't using this hotel…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Stayed one night as part of a birthday treat.  The staff couldn't do enough for us. They were excellent. The location was conveniently close to covent garden and the theatres - everything is within strolling distance. The room was spacious and tastefully outfitted. I recognised many of the usual Hilton fittings and accessories. There was a large TV although the picture quality was poor. The bed and bedding were outstanding, and what I've come to expect from a Hilton.  The windows were outstandingly filthy on the outside, spoiling the view somewhat. It can't be too hard to clean can it? There was an unexpected treat in our room which was such a nice surprise!  Overall, I would stay here again",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Absolutely lovely hotel, excellent location. Had afternoon tea too.....lovely treat. Rooms were spacious, lovely wet room in bathroom. Comfortable huge bed! Very quiet hotel considering where it is...which is ideally located for theatres etc. The staff here make the experience too....from reception to the waiters and lovely concierge (who were extremely courteous and helpful) who made the stay for us and our two teenage girls felt totally pampered with the service. We will definitely return.....hopefully soon!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not staying there again!,Terrible Hotel that is less a than 3 star hotel. Bad Value for money with most rooms situated at the back of the hotel with small windows overlooking NOTHING. Smelly carpet with OLD furniture. Worth 30% of the price charged!,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Historic hotel ,"We had a Queen plus room, with breakfast, and stayed for one night.  We arrived early and checked in, and left are bags with the concierge.  The location of the hotel was perfect, based within the theatre district, and just around the corner from Covent Garden.  After a bit of shopping, we came back to the room. It was a lovely room, very clean, with a lovely bathroom.  I had a snooze, and the bed was very comfy, with pillows that your head just sinks into. We had planned to go to the gym and pool, and headed there about 6pm. Only to read a sign saying, no entry after 5.30pm. We wished we had known this before. Later on we went to the bar and had some cocktails. The staff were very friendly. There was good choice, and they even made us drinks, which weren't on the menu.  That…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good atmosphere.","We stayed here for a week.  Excellent base for easy walking access to theatres and a number of ""London Walks"" (especially useful on the day of the Tube Strike!).  Also close to Convent Garden.   We upgraded to an Executive Room when we checked in as the original room (which we got on a ""deal"") was way too small for all our luggage and for a base for a week.  The upgrade did cost a bit, but we also got access to the Executive lounge that provided free breakfast, lunch and snacks (and booze!) and free internet was also included.  We didn't eat in the main restaurant so I cant really comment on that.  One slight negative is that our room had a connecting door to the next and there was a very loud Italian family next door, so it was a bit annoying at times.  The other odd thing was…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So disappointing  ,"I had read the reviews on trip advisor beforehand, hoping that the below average reviews were just a fluke. However, my hopes were soon crushed as soon as we checked into the hotel. The woman at the front desk was beyond rude, the only reason I won't say her name here is because I fear for her job.  She treated my father with utter disrespect and was adamant we didn't have another room booked until she eventually found it and didn't even apologize.  floor like  job.  She treated my father with utter disrespect and was adamant we didn't have another room booked until she eventually found it and didn't even apologize. The halls on the 5th and 6th floors smelt like sewage. The breakfast was mediocre. The only highlight was the polite doorman. Overall the most disappointing…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel overnight stay with dinner,"Lovely place, right in middle of west-end.  Great food, rooms, executive lounge a bonus.  Luxury, would love to stay for few days.  Spacious rooms.  Dinner great, bar staff friendly.  Check-in was a disappointment, rooms not ready on check-in.  Will definitely return though.  Luxury.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,DO Not stay at the Waldorf,"Staff very unpleasant and unhelpful. Breakfast was like a cattle market. I was given an unclean cup, and when i tried to raise it the waitress walked off. Its a buffet breakfast but the tables are so close together you can't get out to get it. Don't waste your money its trading on its name from the past not what its offering today.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, Great location",Convenient to Covent Garden and Soho as well as the Strand. I have stayed here several times and each time is better. Staff is friendly and more than welcoming.  Executive lounge is pleasant and well stocked.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Great location,"Went with the family. It's in a great location for walking around the city. Sure, the rooms are small but that's London. The hotel has some nice personality, but also feels modern enough.   Great health club and bar downstairs. No longer a HH member so cant speak to upgrades. The hotel is a good deal on points, but can be quite expensive otherwise. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"Beatiful Hotel. Helpful staff on entry they even printed out my voucher for the wowcha and didnt look down thier nose at me At the restaurant the girl at the entrance told me off on front of customers saying i should have booked a time for my tea,  well la di da. Got our seat and a very slow waiter came with the proseco, waited 20 mins then brought the finger sandwiches ( very nice) . We had to ask for our tea then he waited another 20mins before he brought the cakes. Neadless to say the tea had become cold so not a pleasant time had by us. Yes they did make an effert to get a cake with happy birthday for my Mother but that was down to the kitchen.  Food  great ,service awful.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Fun,I'm a regular guest of the Waldorf in New Orleans. This was my first visit to the Waldorf Property in London. I'm happy to say the Waldorf lived up to it's reputation. Beautiful property with courteous and hospitable staff. Perfect location.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,USA traveler first visit to London ,"This was my first visit to London on business. I am a Hilton Diamond member so I chose a Hilton. I was very please with  my stay. It meets all the standards of a U.S. Hilton. The rooms are spacious, and modern. There are US outlets and all the amenities you expect in a United States room.  The service was very good and I enjoyed the executive lounge. The doorman is pleasant and the concierge was helpful in making plans. This is a nice, safe and convenient location. ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Leisure ,Excellent location within walking distance of most London attractions. Our king room was very nice with comfortable bed. The housekeeping staff came late one day (5 pm) and we had some communication issues (they spoke little English) but this was very minor. I would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"quiet , well located and so very clean","I was only there for one night. For a central London hotel it was so very quiet. I had an excellent nights sleep which was important as I was working the next day. Bed super comfortable, robes and slippers were welcome. One of those irritating mini bars which charge you if you move the items to see what they are. No matter , the bill was under the door when I returned that evening and a call to reception was all that was needed to cancel the items, they didn't check but took my word for it which was refreshing. Very well located- a 3 minute stroll took me to the Covent Garden Square. I did not eat there so cannot comment. What struck me was how ultra clean everything was, especially the bathroom. Not a spot or a streak anywhere. Good power shower. I had the most modest room, it…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,OUTSTANDING!,The Waldorf was a great hotel! The charm and beauty of this hotel can't be beat. The staff go out of their way to assist you! It is located in the theatre district and Mamma Mia is located next door. Tons of cafes within walking distance. It is a must - stay there!,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay but poor breakfast ,Stayed for 2 nights in a executive suite which was lovely. It is right beside Covent Garden which has some lovely restaurants and shopping and it right besides all the theatres.   Staff were lovely and very helpful. They even have valet parking which is a must in London.   Only issue I would have is the breakfast. We booked breakfast as part of our package but due to issues we had on the first morning with regard to service etc we didn't bother going the next day. When I complained on checking out and looked for refund I was told that they couldn't do that. I was a bit disappointed with this.   On the plus side there is a restaurant just opposite them Delaunys and they serve a full range of breakfasts which are really good.  Also whilst there used the services of 'Rock My Baby…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My expectations were perhaps a bit too high ...,"With Waldorf in the name of a hotel, perhaps I was expecting a bit too much. While this hotel is decent enough, with a fantastic location for the theater and Covent Garden, I was slightly disappointed with my overall experience. First, I had booked a queen bed room - I confirmed this on my email at check-in. When we entered the room, the queen bed was two single beds pushed together. To be fair, a quick call to the front desk brought about a proper change of the bed within an hour. But I don't know how a Waldorf hotel could even consider putting two single beds together to form a queen, rather than having a proper queen mattress.  The shower in the bathroom could have had more water pressure. The towels could have been slightly more plush. The room was tastefully decorated in a…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,The hotel looks very tired and is in much need of a re vamp. The purpose of our visit was an afternoon tea booked for a friend's 40th birthday. service was not up to what it should be for a hotel of this reputation the waitress was quite rude in fact. Will not be going there again.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Charleston Tea Dance,"Not so much a review of the hotel, but a review of the Charleston Tea Dance held on 19th July 2015. . .  All in all it was a very enjoyable afternoon spent by our party of 9 with an age range of 23 through to early 80's.  The Tea Dance takes place in the bright and airy Palm Court, on arrival you are greeted by ""Twin Swing"" dressed in traditional  20's dress  and treated to a glass of champagne.  Later on you are given a demonstration of the Charleston by  ""Twin Swing""  who will also teach you how to ""Charleston""  Afternoon tea is served with nicely presented sandwiches and scones and a choice of no less than 12 varieties of tea.  Whilst you enjoy your traditional afternoon tea there is a band playing which gives people the opportunity to dance the Waltz or Foxtrot etc. There is…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A first class historic hotel,"I've stayed at the Waldorf several times with family and with my better 1/2 and all times I have found it to be a wonderful location for the theatre, Opera House and London as whole. This is a wonderful 5 star hotel with beautiful rooms and wonderful facilities. On our last stay there were some minor teething problems owing to a fire and jewel robbery over the bank holiday weekend which had caused some power issues - none the less the staff had managed these well and we, personally saw no issues beyond check in when they had to switch to backup power for a bit and we had a slight delay !  The hotel isn't cheap, but you do get what you pay for - and breakfast is excellent.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful trip down memory lane,"Lovely old hotel, wonderful deco, you could not get a better location.   The room was a little on the small side however, we only needed a good base for a long weekend exploring London. The service was excellent on Saturday night however on the Sunday evening there was considerably less staff meaning we had a longer wait to be served in the bar. We did not use the restaurant choosing to eat in town, we did not use any of the spa facilities either so can not comment on these.  My only real compliant is  you had to pay extra for wifi in room. In this day and age free wifi should be available to all customers staying at the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room, lovely staff ",From the moment the valet parker took our car we felt comfortable at this great hotel.   Special thanks to Esta for making the room extra special. She lifted the booking experience.   Bit of a bun fight at breakfast in the executive lounge but it was busy.   Very happy in junior suite on fifth floor. Large modern bathroom. Very good bed. Quite from road with double glazed windows and the air conditioning worked.   We will definitely return.  Marc ,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Decent--but not a 5 star hotel!,"We are currently staying at this hotel in London.   We chose this hotel because of the location, and because we are Hilton Honors members.  Here are our thoughts:  PROS: 1.  Great location!  Close to SO much!  Especially the theatre district. 2.  Friendly and attentive staff. 3.  Housekeeping is prompt to deliver items when called. 4.  Spacious room--although we upgraded to a deluxe. 5.  Brought extra mini fridge to our room for our child's food.  Really appreciated it! 6.  Lots of plug-ins in the room.   7.  Quiet.  Very important!  Don't hear noise from other rooms or hallways!  CONS: 1.  We went out today--9.30am-3.30pm--and turned on the 'clean room' light. When we arrived, the room was still not cleaned.  We had to call housekeeping to attend to the room. 2.  After…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Did not live up to expectations,"I booked a Junior King Suite for three nights for three people. I also took advantage of a pre-paid offer and saved about 15%, but I still paid over 1,200 pounds for my stay and did so nearly 6 months in advance of arrival. In general, I was disappointed with this property and with my experience. This is not a 5-star establishment! At 5-star hotels, where I routinely pay over $600 a night for a room, I expect to be seen by someone at the desk as soon as I arrive. At the Waldorf, I waited 15 minutes in line, and then the process to check me in took another 15 minutes. At check-out, there was only one staff member working and no express check-out box visible. So, I left my keys on the desk and walked out. Five-star hotels also have elevators that reach all floors. The room I was…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Living on it's past reputation....when it was the Waldorf Astoria,"Unfortunately it would appear that the hotel is living on its past reputation.   Check-in was fast and efficient. The room although marketed as queen was not particularly spacious; but bearing in mind the age of the property this was OK.  Having checked in we had a couple of cocktails in the bar before getting ready and going out to dinner. The service at the bar and cocktails were fine.   The issue was at breakfast and check-out.  Whilst there was a note in the room stating that the management expected breakfast to be busy it was disappointing to find tables took ages to be cleared, breakfast not cooked to order and in fact most of it was tepid. We even had to produce our own toast.  Glasses failed to fit under the orange juice dispenser. The cooked food was of a poor quality -…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely stay after a very long day at Wimbledon,"We arrived at 08:00 on 11/07/15 where my wife and I met her brother and wife for breakfast. (We took our cases to their room as we were staying that night). Breakfast was pleasant, food hot and a good selection. Off to the Ladies final. We returned to the hotel at 22:00 hours where we quickly changed and went for dinner in Covent Garden, returning to our room (2nd floor). The lighting system took us some time to operate. The bed was huge and a lovely welcome after a very long day. Bath/shower was excellent with good water pressure and heating. Breakfast again was great with a good selection of both hot and hot food. Bucksfizz was a good gesture for Sunday breakfast. Just a shame were weren't able to make use of the room and hotel's facilities due to lack of time, but great to…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Customer Service and Location Great, Hotel just OK","The title really says it all. First, customer service I felt was very good, including emptying the electronic mini-bar so we could store things for our young child. The location is also terrific. Right by Covent Garden and all the shopping/eateries there. Close to the Thames and Whitehall. Overall, the location makes this hotel worth returning to. The lobby is very small, which is fine, hotel room we had was supposed to be a Queen room. It was, but still seemed small, with very creaky floors. The bathroom is designed very poorly, with a standup shower with a glass door that does not block hardly any of the water. So the whole bathroom floor ends up soaked, which is not only annoying but also dangerous. Very poor design for such en expensive hotel. So, overall, location is great,…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location Good rooms Good service,This hotel suited my travel needs really well. I thought the rooms were pretty large and I liked the executive club. It's not luxury but it is very comfortable and the staff always obliging. I would recommend it to anyone requiring West End location.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury hotel in the heart of London,Stayed for one night for visit to theatre for my wifes birthday treat. We were upgraded to an executive room which was lovely. Really spacious and clean. Huge bathroom and walk-in wardrobe. Room service sent a cake up for my wife (as it was her birthday). Did not eat in hotel apart from breakfast and the executive lounge buffet. The free buffet and cream tea was excellent. The breakfast was very good but not excellent. In my opinion a buffet breakfast can never be excellent. Overall a very enjoyable one night stay and only a stones throw from theatre land and the river.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice updated rooms in a nice location,"The Hotel is on a busy street close to many attractions/shopping. the lobby is not very large, but nicely appointed. There is staff through the night, and as I arrived very late, that was a blessing for a tired traveler. Check in was quick and courteous, and they even upgraded me to a slightly larger room, which turned out to be a very nice updated clean room. Service and room lived up to the Waldorf reputation.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,MY STAY,Wonderfully staffed.  Convenient location.  Delicious breakfast.  This is an expensive Hotel for a solo traveler not on a business account.  Having said that I was  treated like a rock star.  I would highly recommend this property if you can afford it.  Did I mention how well trained the staff is in hospitality?,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very good hotel, and great location, location, location.","While on vacation we spent four days in London, four days in Paris, and then returned for 5 additional days in London.  We were focused on staying in Hilton properties in order use points accumulated as a Diamond member.  We chose the Waldorf for the first leg of our London stay and are very glad that we did.  As others have written, this property is not in Hilton's Waldorf Astoria Collection.  It's still a great hotel. The property itself gives one the feeling of its comfort and history, and its location - for our purposes - was absolutely fantastic.  Located in the West End and a five minute walk to Covent Garden, it's hard to appreciate that so many points of interest are within Very easy walking distance, until you experience it yourself.   We paid for an upgrade to an…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Samllest Room ever,"This stay was my worst hotel experience with the Hilton chain of hotels in the past 10 years of both business and personal travel.    The room I was given - #604 using 140,000 points - ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND POINTS - was 15 feet by 11 feet.  The ""twin beds"" were actually one bed that was moved 6 inches apart to form TWO SINGLE BEDS.    If one person stood the other had to stay in the bed - there was no room for two people to stand.  I weigh 180 pounds and my 16 year old son who is 5'6"" weighs 165 pounds - we are not big people.    It was one step off the bed straight into the bathroom.   If I moved the desk chair away from the desk and forgot to move it back the door to the room could not be opened.    The air condition in the room did not work - two calls to the front desk…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location superb, everything else horrible","This hotel should be first class with the Waldorf brand but it is poor quality - feels like a cheap tourist hotel. Room service dinners almost inedible, service slow, maid service barely competent. For example, called room service one night to order breakfast for the following morning because the maid forgot to leave a door menu and was told to call back in the morning because ""it was dinner time now"".",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,"King sized executive suite, room very spacious & clean. Executive floor afternoon tea and evening drinks/buffet was ok, but could have had champagne instead of prosecco considering cost of stay. Drinks in bar very expensive, but good cocktails. Most staff friendly & helpful Good buffet breakfast,but all hot food was cold. We were not informed that champagne was only available up to 10am at weekends. I wasn't impressed with staff telling us we had got up too late & missed champagne, considering breakfast was on till 11am and the price we paid for two nights stay. Staff could have been more attentive for breakfast on Sunday, we had to ask for coffee several times. Cream tea wasn't one of the best and they did not serve butter with the scones!!  ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Leisure,everything is so handy that we feel it at home.  we can go to many interesting spots within easy reach.  staffs are helpful and in good manner.  Rooms are too small.  Closet space is not enough.   Breakfast room is nice.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class service in exemplary surroundings,"My stay was for business purposes and largely driven by the Hotel's proximity to an early morning meeting I was due to attend.  It was expensive compared to other similar stays.  However, from the attentiveness of the staff, through the quality of the food and drink, and comfort and style of the bedroom to the overall ambience and glamour of the surroundings meant that the overall experience matched up to expectations.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Couples Weekend Away,"My fiancée secured us some Ed Sheeran Tickets, so I said I would sort the hotel. I chose this hotel as I do like the Hilton brand and I have always liked the Waldorf Hotel for location as well as many other reasons. I was so glad we did book this and I choose to go for the Executive room as it was worth the extra cost. I would recommend this hotel to anyone the service was great and the rooms very clean.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for theatre district,"Service was impeccable, room was clean and a good size for a Central London hotel, and we were right on the doorstep of Covent Garden and the theatre district, with the Radio rooftop bar (see my other review) directly across the street.  There seemed to be an issue with the radio/lights in that they would go off after about 10 minutes and have to be reset, and it was only after we were woken by the maid at about 9.30 (been dancing until the early hours at Little Italy) that we realised the Do Not Disturb was a switch on the wall and not a door sign 😕can't fault anything else in the hotel though, apart from the carpet on the eighth floor made my partner feel seasick!!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Most dissapointing special stay ever - never again,"I have never written a review before despite spending up to 200 nights a year in hotels during my career.  The Waldorf Hilton has always been our hotel of choice for special occasions and whenever in London, the last time was just before Christmas. We have always booked Executive rooms although on rare occasions they have been unavailable on arrival (not this time though).  This was a special occasion for my wife's birthday, our anniversary and for my recovery progress from serious illness! The hotel knew this but didn't make much effort to make it special.  I can't possibly list all the problems with housekeeping and untidiness in the executive lounge and public areas, we had to make a number of calls for missing ""stuff"".  The smell of sewage in the bathroom throughout our stay…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average four star at best,"Good hotel but not as great as I'd hoped and by no means blew me away.  Don't get me wrong the staff seemed friendly and no problems checking in and out. The room was also comfortable.  To earn five stars though at the prices that were charged I would have expected to be able to open the drawers in the wardrobe (the frame of wardrobe blocked them). The shower was also pretty weak.   The usual Hilton TV was in the room which is just annoyingly bad picture quality and I hate the menu thing...I just want to watch TV!!!  As I said this is a good hotel and in all honesty there isn't anything wrong with it as the niggles I mention are not massively important, but should be at £233 per night (and that was a cheap option).   I think here you are paying for the fantastic location as much…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cocktail making,"We had such a fun night thanks to our cocktail masterclass our bar person showed us how to make two kinds of cocktails which were both delicious. There was about 14 people in all couples, mums and daughters and of course friends didn't know what to expect but also of fun was had by all. The masterclass was  followed by a sumptuous evening meal. If you're looking something a bit different then give this a try.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay but not amazing,"I have stayed at many Waldorf hotels before and this one, while a great hotel, was the most disappointing one. The big difference that I felt with this particular hotel and others I have stayed is that there wasn't much attention to detail. It has a great location, and the rooms were a good size (compared to others I have stayed at in London), but they didn't have anything special about them, nor did the hotel have anything special about it. For the price and for the expectation I had with a Waldorf I was disappointed but we still enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location but…...,"We tend to find that we enjoy most Hilton properties outside the US as being above average.  So, our experiences at the Waldorf Hilton were pretty surprising and  have left us wanting more.  My husband is Diamond Hilton and doing long term work assignment in London, so he's been here quite a bit.  I joined him recently for a week.  The desk staff can be a bit hit or miss.  I arrived around 7am with two suitcases and no one even offered to help me to my husband's room.  The executive lounge is sufficient and comfortable. Food quality is OK.  We found housekeeping to be a bit hit or miss - one day, we'd get towels and the next day we'd have to call down for some.  Soap products weren't replenished regularly.  However, both the bedroom and bathroom were very clean and the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb location and great hotel. ,Wasn't sure what to expect but very please with this place.   Location was excellent. Easy to just walk everywhere. Close to great restaurants and theatres.   Room was bit on the smaller size but bed was great and bathroom was spacious.  Hotel was not dated - I thought it may have been given the age of the establishment.  Have already made another reservation for a short stay. ,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rude Rude staff,"I recently stayed in the Waldorf Hilton London for one night with my sister. This was a very special night and considering it was so expensive I expected the best service and treatment. Once we arrived we were greeted by the porters, we had to carry our own bags in whilst we saw everyone elses getting lifted for them. We then went to check in and this is where we saw the staff were snobier/ ruder than the actual guests! Next, time to go to our room, everyone else received a trolley and porter to have their bags taken to their rooms, but no we just got frowned at and dragged them up the lift! We requested a front facing room and gee we got it, i feel like we were taken as a joke. We were put on the top floor which meant we barely had window. The room was already smaller due to…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,perfect,"Ignore all reviews on bad service we were treated to perfect service from the front desk to concierge to our waitress the food was impeccable as was the surroundings , I highly recommend , a very easy hotel to find with plenty of close bus and tube locations",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old World luxury,Very enjoyable stay overnight. Room 532 was lovely. Queen Hilton Plus.Very cool not over large but had a quiet location. Large bed lovely bathroom and nice outlook. Facilities very good but dining room and pool in need of a make over. The dining room is good for breakfast  but lacking atmosphere in the evening. Food especially breakfast excellent. Service excellent nothing to much trouble. Well fitted out gym. Perfectly situated for visiting the theatres convent garden 2 minutes walk. Local tube line and bus service close.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"For me the difference between a good hotel and a great hotel is the attention to detail and that is something the Waldorf lacks. With the quality hotels surrounding it, it is these things that the Waldorf needs to concentrate to find its former glory....very disappointing stay.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 Star Hotel,"Like the other reviewers I was a bit disappointed by our visit. We were given a room that was miles away, sold to us by the receptionist that it was in the new wing and all singing and dancing! The lifts took ages and only went to 7th floor, ours was the 8th floor, so no good if you have mobility problems. Saying all that the room was very nice with a large comfortable bed, but the noise from a generator outside went on all night (no double glazing). The staff are professional and helpful and the location of the hotel is fantastic.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice rooms, good breakfast, but poor quality maid service","We had a very enjoyable stay for 5 nights at the Waldorf. We booked an executive king jr suite which suited my family well. My son slept on the pull out which worked well. It wasn't a big suite, but it was fine for us. I liked that it was on the very top floor and had a nice view of the London Eye. The bathroom was large and well appointed. The suite was recently renovated in an understated but tasteful style. The rooms at the Waldorf are not the same quality or taste as the Covent Garden Hotel or a more high-end trendy hotel, but I think it is commiserate with what you pay... which for us, I think ended up being a good value for what we got. Breakfast was included (very extensive breakfast) in the price, access to the exec club level for coffee, drinks and snacks anytime of day…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great trip,"Stayed here for one night as we were going to the theatre the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful, the door man was a credit to this hotel, and excelled at his position to assist us. The room was a little small as was the bed  and looked a little tired and this is minor, as it is still very comfortable and it's still classy and very clean and the bed was very  very comfortable would be more than happy to recommend and to stay again",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for Waldorf,"I realize this is an older property, but there were several things that just weren't on par.  The service was decent, but not stellar.  The entrance is certainly not fitting for those with handicaps, one of the three elevators was out of service our entire stay.  The bed was hard and rolled from the wall if you got near it.  Just did not seem like a luxury hotel at all.  I've had Hampton Inns that blew it away. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not 5* hotel,"Stayed here for an overnight visit. Booked an executive king deluxe which gives you access to the executive lounge. Room ok few problems, milk was out of date, bath/shower was very difficult to get out safely as no hand rail. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No longer 5*,"We had stayed at the Waldorf before many years ago when it was truly a 5* establishment. Sadly although it has retained it 5* prices the level of service lacks the attention to detail one would expect from such an establishment.   On arrival, which was after 3PM, our room was not ready.  We were offered a glass of orange juice while we waited. We had booked a table by phone on Friday morning prior to our arrival for 19:30 in the restaurant, fortunately, I checked before we went for our afternoon walk as they had no record of our reservation.   The decor in the restaurant is good and the staff were pleasant and attentive. However, in an almost empty room ourselves and another couple were seated either side to the wine chiller, which I might add contains some very fine bottles, as…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great Location if you need to do the Theatre or Visit The Piccadilly area of London. Rooms decent size, None of the ' You must put your key card in the slot in the room to activate the electricity etc! Guess what? You open the door and you just switch on the lights, How simple is that? So while your out exploring you can charge your devices!!!  Staff and service very friendly and efficient. Will return.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but not what I thought,"I surprised my other half with a show and a night here at the illustrious Waldorf hotel. I was looking forward to what I paid for, but didn't think everything was what it should be.  The room: this set me back about £300 for a king room, this wasn't the bottom dollar room but I felt it was very basic and nothing special for the money I paid. It was very average.  The hotel: outside it looks magnificent, inside there was building works with huge boards up everywhere while they were doing it up, this doesn't bother me, but I do feel they should tell you when booking that building works are taking place as I felt like our visit wasn't as special as it should have been with a basic room and building works for the £300 I paid.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay at The Waldorf Hilton and forget about a taxi,"You have Theaters to your left and to your right and in back. Location in the Theater district is by far the best.  Hotel is perfect for breakfast and the restaurants within a few steps are great.  I ordered perfect weather ( low 70's & no humidity).  Then I knew for sure the air in the room would be perfect.  Service was excellent. Make-up mirror need a 80 watt bulb, otherwise the bathroom was just beautiful.  Everything worked and I'll be back to stay at The Waldorf Hilton on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,We are staying at this Hotel for 4 days First night could not sleep due to the poor Air con and it was not cooling.,"We made complaint in the morning to say that we could not sleep well due to the air con was not cooling, so they sent the tech to fix it . we came back after our London visit tired and found out that it was not cooling. So we tried to call the Reception few time. Due to Short staff or some other excuse, they did not answer the phone. So we decided to go down to the reception and make a face to face complaint. We told the reception that their service is hopeless because they did not pick up the room call and we had to come down to make a complaint now, secondly they did not fix the air con, this suppose to be 5 Star hotel. Now they sent the tech again to fix it and he is in our room from the last 20 Minutes, Lets see how long we have to bear with this.  We normally stay with…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in a Perfect location,Stayed at the Waldorf from the 2nd July for 3 nights.  Food is fabulous and very reasonably priced. Concierge cant do enough for you.  Good sized room.  Great Bar and absolutely loved the pianists. We felt looked after and having stayed in many London hotels will only return here in future.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Boss 60th Birthday,"Drinks at the bar took half a hr to come,and then they wanted to put a large service charge on there,which we refused to pay. Afternoon tea came with a glass of rose champagne, followed by 8 different teas which you could choose from.The cakes were small,but there was so many to choose from,you would be stuffed if you ate everyone. And the ones you didn't eat,they provided a box to take them home",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor customer service,"Stayed at the Waldorf for our wedding anniversary on Friday 3rd July,Air conditioning not working in our room which was boiling,called reception and was told someone would come to the room.......half an hour later no sign of anyone,so I called reception again and was told they were very busy !.......the room by now was sweltering !......called reception again to be told they had no idea when anyone would get to our room ! This is the Waldorf !.......if they had even bothered to send some cold water up to the room it would have helped !  By now my wife and I were so hot we left the room to talk to reception.....at reception the response was we are busy and cannot tell you when we can get someone to your Room room....no apology......no offer of even a drink.......eventually fed up…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Stay,"My wife and I stayed here 12/6/15 for one night. As soon as we entered the hotel, we were looked after extremely well. Phil the doorman was a great bloke. If you wanted a place to drink, he would know where to go. The hotel reception staff and porters were also top notch. The room was excellent. Though the mini bar was expensive. £3.50 for a small snickers bar, £3.50 for 40g tub of pringles and £9.00 for a titchy bottle of Martell brandy. Total rip off. Spot on location for sight seeing. Everything is within walking distance. On the Saturday we had afternoon tea. HELLO heaven on a plate. What an absolute delight. Will definately stay again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,The location is super right on The Strand. I had a teeny tiny room. I was only staying for two nights and was out and about a lot so it didn't really matter. The room is very nicely appointed. Attractive fixtures and fittings in the bathroom. Everything you'd need. I didn't eat here so can't comment on that. Meeting rooms worked well and we were well looked after.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Don't be fooled by the 5* and prestige, this place is 2-3 star at best","Dinner at the Waldorf!! Wow! This should be a treat......  Oh how wrong we were!   The meal started with an unwelcoming waitress asking what bread we want..... There were 5 different types of bread on the board but apparently we were supposed to identify what was what as the waitress didn't say until we asked!  For a ""5*"" hotel you'd expect the bread to be warm and have a freshly baked feel, but no, this bread was verging on stale! Coupled with the butter straight from the fridge and totally inspreadable I could see where this meal was going.  The starters were not bad, but I've had a far better ham hock in numerous less prestige venues.  On to the main..... My partner ordered the beef bourginion and I ordered the duck. I had to stop the waitress leaving the table after I said…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and comfortable. Atrocious housekeeping,"We stayed a few night in this hotel in the end of June. The location was very convenient for us, as we were steps away from the Royal Opera House and surrounded by numerous decent restaurants.    The service in the lobby was great. Check in/out was quick and the concierge was very helpful. On the hottest day, they reminded everyone to drink lots of water and put complimentary bottles by the entrance, which I think is a caring and nice touch.   The room was quite spacious and well furnished. Bathroom was also nice and functional. In room WIFI has an extra fee, but was fast and reliable.  Housekeeping, however, was atrocious.   Upon arrival, the tube of lotion provided was obviously used. It was half full. There was a dirty mark on the outside. Under the cap, there was crusty…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Cannot fault this hotel - excellent service, fantastic rooms, great location, amazing included breakfast"," So impressed with this hotel. I could not fault it. They let me check in early, there was no wait time at front desk, excellent doormen, included breakfast was outstanding, check out easy...   It is one of the few places I've stayed that didn't have something wrong with it  Nice quiet rooms and check out is midday! Love that  Thanks for the great stay Waldorf! I'll definitely be back ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice but not top notch,"Hotel has a great bar but does not allow children even though we did check before hand and got told they did, we got asked to leave!  Embarrassing! Restaurant food was good but not amazing.  My little girl enjoyed the pool.  The changing rooms are very nice and clean but the pool is very tired.  I know that this area is sub let to the gym but it does reflect on the hotel.  Room was nice but air con could not cope with such a hot day so melted all night. On the whole though the experience was good and I would probably stay again because the staff were very pleasant and helpful.  It also has a great location if you only want to be a walk from Covent Garden.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Just stayed at the Waldorf Hilton it was very good and I will definitely be back. The staff were so good, the Homage restaurant was exceptional as was the whole experience. It in a great location for the Theatres, Covent Garden and so much more.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, bizarre service","Location, location, location:  this place could not have been better situated.  If you're looking to spend a few days in London doing shows and restaurants, walking almost everywhere, this is the location, and there's a few hotels to choose from within 200 meters.  And this one, in every way, was OK.  It's got nicely decorated, clean rooms, functional bathrooms, and all the usual room/hotel amenities that you'd get from any Hilton anywhere.  True, the minibar is computerised so if you jiggle anything (to get your own stuff into the fridge for example) you'll get charged initially even if you did not consume it.  But in any case, despite the experience retold for your amusement below, we'd stay here again.  So we check in for 3 days, and although the room is perfect, the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but lacking the wow factor,"When you book at a hotel like this you expect something classy and beyond the norm. On many levels the hotel achieved this but poor maintenance and lack of attention to detail let my experience down. The check-in was swift and I was provided with a room on the 4th floor. I was asked if I'd stayed in the hotel before. I said no but wasn't then offered an explanation of the amenities or the dinner/breakfast options. Because of that ""oversight"" I ate elsewhere - a loss of revenue for the hotel. Upon entering the room it was very warm and despite turning the a/c down to minimum it never really cooled down - there was clearly something wrong. Opening the window just let in heat and the noise from the yucky extractor fans the room overlooked. Unfortunately I was in a rush to change…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Great Location,Stayed in the Waldorf Hilton for the weekend with friends as we were in London to go to Royal Ascot. Only wish that we had been staying longer as this is a lovely hotel.  The rooms were very clean and comfy. The staff were very helpful.  The location of the hotel is perfect as you can walk to many of the main attractions and Theatres are on the doorstep.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Trip of a Lifetime,"I just returned from a trip to London, England. I stayed (once again) at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych in London's West End. The location was perfect. The hotel is situated close to Covent Garden (entertainment), Soho (dining), Regent Street (shopping), the Piccailly Circus (the theaters) and the Royal Opera House, the Globe Theater, St Paul's Cathedral and Southwark oh and the Thames for scenic views and river cruises. The hotel is elegant and immaculate and secure (very tight security.) I felt safe traveling alone. The room was beyond expectation. The housekeeping team were punctual and efficient. The check in desk was organized and always so very helpful. I had ""no problems."" I was treated so well by every one. The consierge team led by Daniel Firth and a lovely young man…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thanks for having us again,4th visit - really great room this time - we were very happy with the cleanliness of the room and the comfy bed😀 as usual the receptionist could be a bit more happy to see you but every other staff member we came into contact with was fab. see you again in September 😀,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not even 3 star,My wife and I popped into this hotel for pre matinee  light snack.  Ordered the meal to be accompanied by a pot of tea.  Tea pot delivered to the table with a tea bag laid alongside on the table. Obviously expecting me to put the bag in the teapot.  Is this  the standard  to be expected of  a top London hotel ?,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Honor point stay,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton two nights on HILTON HONOR points, which we made our reservation eights months prior.  We arrived close to noon after an overnight flight, so we were disappointed to hear no room available until 3pm.  The lobby staff was very helpful securing our luggage which permitted us to go out and start our vacation!  At 2pm we were assigned our room, only to find security maintenance running cable in our room!  (Obviously no communication between maintenance and the front desk!) The crew was obviously disturbed that they had to discontinue their work.  They commented that this room was totally out of service, but they quickly picked up their cables and tools and departed.   Our room faced the street, but we never heard any excessive amount of noise. We were…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not perfect","Waldorf Hilton in many respects met our expectations. Having spent a large sum on s single nights stay we expected good service. First room had broken air con, but we were moved immediately, although we got fed up with waiting and moved ourselves. However, a simple request for a bucket of ice was repeated 3times but still did not arrive. Despite promises each time. Sort of spoilt our special night as our champagnd was warm. But on the whole great staff and ok service.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoying Stay at Paris Hilton Opera,"The location is perfect, especially since I like to walk to most places, both for fun and for business (I am here on business).  VERY clean room and view of the city.  I was most impressed with the hotel reaching out to me after my booking to let me know they were undergoing some major renovations. They suggested all would be OK but would understand if I felt better to go elsewhere. To be honest, I almost did. However in the long run I did not and I AM SO GLAD I DIDN'T.  Great Hotel. I will be back.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, lovely staff & an excellent afternoon tea!","We stayed here on the 31st May 2015 for one night. The most important thing to mention is how polite, friendly and helpful all of the staff are, the doormen were lovely.  The hotel is in an excellent location, Covent Garden is literally round the corner!  The room was of a good size, decorated well and was clean, the only thing negative I can say is the robes were a bit shabby, whilst it did not detract from our stay it's not what you expect from the Waldorf.  We had breakfast the next day which was plentiful with a large choice and my Nan was looked after by a lovely lady called Mary who is definitely a credit to the hotel.  We then returned for afternoon tea and had the pleasure of being served by Mary again. The tea was delightful and very very plentiful! Mary explained what…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Lovely, grand old hotel. Small but very comfortable room on the 6th floor. First night air con not working, so too hot to sleep well. However this was promptly fixed for our second night. Didn't eat here, but enjoyed a cocktail in Good Godfreys, which are quite pricey, even for London .The location is so convenient for theatre land and Covent Garden. Nearest tube is Covent Garden which is a ten minute stroll away, but we did notice that until November 2015 you can only get off trains there, not get on them!  Charing Cross is next nearest, probably 15 minutes walk.  Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,business trip,"helpful excellent service always stay at this hotel when in London clean quiet rooms , well cared for  efficient staff, always ready to help well located business friendly central to plays and good dining",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room 619,We felt that the room was rather cramped for two people and we were surprised to find that a room intended for TWO people was supplied with only ONE chair! The bathroom was good apart from the size of the bar of soap - the smallest we had ever seen!,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Executive Room was great,"We stayed for 2 nights. We booked an executive room for 3 and really couldn't fault it. Access to the executive lounge was a lovely surprise, complementary breakfast, afternoon tea, pre dinner drinks was fabulous. Only niggle was our room wasn't made up as they didn't arrive until 4pm by which time we were back in the room. Also we didn't know the pool was out of order until we were actually standing at the desk waiting to go in. This didn't in any way stop us from enjoying the hotel and our weekend though. Great location, would love to stay again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,If you are looking for a very well location in London this is the place,"Located in a perfect spot of town, so can walk to a lot of different places, theaters, restaurants,  and enjoy this beautiful city, Sunny, one of the concierge will solve you almost anything that you need, the only thing that I could say that is not absolutely right is the bat tub, which is kind of hard to get into, other than that is very good over all the service and attention",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Champagne breakfast at The Homage,"Lovely buffet spread both hot and cold with croissants and muffins. Choice of fruit juices, pots of tea and coffee served to your table.  Very pretty room and very attentive servers, especially Jasmine who was lovely.  Highly recommended, good way to start the day",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Enjoyed every moment at this top class hotel, my fiancee felt very special all weekend, which was the idea of the trip. Staff are excellent, we had no issues at all. The executive lounge was a surprise bonus, when we upgraded room. Well worth upgrading!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Location - One of London's Great hotels,"If hotels are about style, service, and location then there is no better hotel than the Waldorf Hilton. It is just around the corner from the Royal Theatre Drury Lane and Covent Gardens. The rooms are stylish and quite modern. I believe that housekeeping could be improved slightly when it comes to servicing the rooms, but when I complained, my complaint received management's attention and matters were put right immediately. This is certainly one of the best hotels in the United Kingdom.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderfull place,"Brilliant place to stay, luxury all the way would return in a heartbeat.  Breakfast was fantastic, cocktail bar waiters were very knowledgable, door staff were also extremely helpful.  My wife said the room could do with a full length mirror for dressing but thats a minor fault.  ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stylish hotel in a great location,"This trip came about two weeks after my experience with Waldorf Astoria in NY, which was par from perfect, so I was a bit apprehensive about Waldorf London. This hotel turned out to be so much better than its NY ""brother"". Helpful staff, very cosy room, generous English breakfast and, the last, but not the least, great location in the heart of West End theater district. Despite being located in a very busy area, the hotel was very quiet inside. Will definitely stay again!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,This lovely hotel is situated perfectly for so many attractions in London. Covent Garden just a few minutes away. You are also a minute from the Thames with all its views. Great at night. Didn't have supper here but breakfast was very good and nice restaurant setting. Our room was amazing for a London hotel. So roomy. Definitely be returning.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great customer service team,"We stayed here last week(June 2015), our travel agent stuffed up our booking and we didn't have a reservation but the staff assured us they would contact our agent on our behalf and sort it out, whilst they did this we were treating to complimentary coffee and pastries in the bar. Everything was all sorted within 30mins and when we got to our room we were surprised with a bottle of champagne as a honeymoon treat. The room was spacious and beautifully decorated, ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in great theatre district location,"This hotel is expensive and rooms not necessarily huge, but that's London. The breakfast spread is great, with eggs, bacon, cold cuts, fruit, smoked salmon and many other items that were of high quality and prepared properly. On Sunday they give you a free Mimosa. The location is perfect. You can walk to theatres, restaurants, the Tube, etc. Bellmen were very helpful and attentive, including warning us to walk or take the Tube when there were big events causing traffic. Our room had a lovely view and a huge bathroom -- we actually stored our suitcases in it -- with both a tub and power shower. Drinks in the bar are pricey, but it's a nice place to have a nightcap before bed. It was more oriented to ""hard"" liquor than wine, however, so wine selection were minimal. The hotel lobby…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel with a good atmosphere! ,"The hotel is a lovely place to visit, we had an afternoon tea there with friends, it was a lovely afternoon and we enjoyed our time together, the staff were very professional and did a fantastic job! The negative criticism is that the sandwiches were not the best and prefer m and s sandwiches if I'm being completely honest, they were not very flavoursome. The cakes were the best part of the tea and of course the tea that we drank was perfect apart from the chipped China we were served with, that was a disappointment at such a well known and classy hotel. I would visit again but would like the hotel to remedy these small but noticeable things. Thank you. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Cosy hotel, good location, top floor rooms are great","I stayed one night at the Waldorf Hilton with a friend. The location is good for theater and nightlife.  My friend and I checked in smoothly and got a beautiful room on the eight floor. The lift goes only up to the seventh, but my heavy bag was carried up by the staff. The view from the room is London rooftops, so nothing memorable, but in London being above the roofs is already an achievement.  The room we got was in excellent condition, it must have been renovated very recently. A beautiful color combination of white and blue gave the room a clean and comfortable feeling. The bathroom was very pretty. The ceiling of the room was surprisingly low and it only really was an issue in the shower where I could not stand up straight as the non-movable shower head was so low (and I'm…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This is NOT a Waldorf Astoria...It is a FANTASTIC Hilton,"I love this hotel. Each time I return it reminds why.  The Good: -LOCATION: A perfect West End location. Lovely walks in all directions. -Staff: The staff here always remembers me and makes me feel welcome. Efficient, friendly and responsive. WOOT! -Quality: this is an older hotel that is kept up very well. Also understand that all the rooms have been updated. I've never stayed in a regular room, always delux our higher and those are great.  -Executive Lounge: Love the afternoon tea, and breakfasts always has plenty of good choices.  Really, this is my go to choice for a London hotel. Rooms are standard sized and priced by London standards. Service is top notch and I love the location.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service and Location,"We chose to stay in this hotel as we were only in London for one night and wanted to be close to one of the theatres as we were seeing a show. The location is fantastic with lots of lovely restaurants and bars and theatres very close walking distance. The staff very helpful and accommodating. They even allowed a complimentary late checkout of 2pm. The room itself was very spacious, comfortable, clean and modern and of a high standard. The hotel itself oozes a touch of class and finesse and overall we had a very positive, pleasant experience being guests for our short stay at the Wardolf. We would definitely stay here again without hesitation.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, ordinary rooms",The hotel is in a great location in Covent garden and the bar is nice. The rooms however were small with no view (brick wall) and fairly plain. Probably wouldn't go back unless offered cheaper than the £199 / night we paid room only.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""Top Class and very convenient""","Four of us went for a long weekend to see a show and do some shopping. From the moment we entered the hotel we knew that we had picked a good one.All the staff were polite and very helpful and this continued for the three days we stayed there. The rooms were spacious and state of the art with top class sheets and fluffy bathroom towels and bathrobes.The beds were very comfortable and air conditioning spot on.The large flat screen t.v had lots of channels.The wifi had to be paid for in bedrooms but not in the hotel's communal rooms,that was disappointing.The breakfasts had plenty of choice even orange juice with Champagne.Very good service in the dining room. It was in a very convenient location as it was only a short walk to most theatres and Covent Garden. As friends who come…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location fantastic, hotel reasonable","The room was comfortable and bathroom was nice.  We had a double room for a family.  The location is fabulous and you are right in the heart of theatre land and walking distance from Covent Garden.  However, I do feel the hotel is overpriced.  The staff are very friendly and helpful.  We ate in the restaurant which was nice, setting/atmosphere is lovely, food was OK.  Breakfast was included for us and was also good, we opted for the buffet which was all nice.  I was expecting the WOW factor but it didn't deliver.  Average.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed here with work friends, got told our room would be ready at 2pm and at quarter past two it was not ready, only traveled just short of 300 miles to get here! so we left our bags and went out, when we got back the room was ready and was really nice and clean, had a great nights sleep, was looking forward to breakfast and I have to say I was a little disappointed by the standard of the food!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"We are Hilton people, so that may or may not have put us on the 7th floor, but it definitely gave us access to the Executive Lounge.  This Hilton has a great Executive Lounge.  We had a great breakfast, went on full day (10 hour) tours, had a very light snack on the tour then went back to the Executive Lounge for dinner.  We never intend to make that our meal, but the snacks here were so filling, why not?  Our bed , bath and the wi-if were all excellent.  The concierge was very helpful securing last minute theatre tickets for us and was very helpful with directions.  The outlet options are U.K. as well as U.S. compatible, so that was helpful.  There were plenty of mirrors if you are a woman and fight steam in the bathroom, and there is coffee in the room as well as tea.  Covent…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well located and comfortable,"Stayed here for 11 nights, with my wife, on a combined business and pleasure trip. Got a good price, under 200 GBP per night room only for Queen room, via corporate rate.  Room was on top floor and quite spacious for London, with a small entry area, bedroom and bathroom. Modern furnishings. Excellent soundproofing, although we were not facing Aldwych so noise not bad anyway.  WiFi was fast and reliable, and part of my rate. Good choice of TV.  Quality of cleaning was a little poor, in that toilet was not cleaned every day. Concierge and desk staff were fine.  Some minor maintenance issues were solved once reported. Feather pillows....who actually likes these?, they are always too soft and lumpy....were also replaced on request.  Main issue was the temperature: it was admittedly…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old Hotel good location on a theatre Land but dissapointing service,I stayed for a night the room was on the first floor room118 you have to go through a lot of long corridors and a lot of steps to reach the room again its a compact room but everything is available very clean with comfy bed and pillows to die for .The furniture is good for a very old Hotel and the bathroom is good size with luxuries toilleries and the decor is simple but elegant with few old actress photoghraps on the wall it resonates the old times when it was Grand. I ordered the food the conversation went smoothly and handled professionally the food came as specified time which was agreed the presentstion was good and the food was tasty the portion was just okay. I ordered grilled Salmon which you must order side dishes I took chunky chips and I ordered a month cheese cake…,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Housekeeping Problems!,I had a 5 night stay here .. I booked this hotel as part of a special birthday surprise for my daughter... Yes it's a fantastic hotel but there basic housekeeping standards were very poor. I had to call down when I checked into my room as the sink was blocked with tea leaves.. The bar fridge was filthy & it took them 2days to clean it.. Management were extremely sorry & did give us Afternoon Tea.. But we still continued to have housekeeping issues & were overcharged in the bar but that also was rectified... When I stay at any hotel I do expect good standards of housekeeping & I do think the Waldorf need to address this issue...,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Heart of London,We booked a Friday/Saturday stay at £200/night but paid another £5/night on arrival to upgrade. The room (#142) was perfect: spacious with sofa and large TV and sooo quiet - brilliant! All the staff were very friendly and everything went very smoothly. Breakfast is very good in a nice bright area. The bar is fine for a quick drink but I found it annoying that with prosseco at £9/glass they add 12.5% service - in a bar?! I don't mind leaving some change on a bar tab as a tip but I've never had to pay 12.5% service for a drink. The leisure facilities are run by LA Fitness and hotel guests are obviously not their priority: staff not really interested and terrible lack of signage so you struggle to find changing room and pool ( small and not very clear water). Oddly they don't have…,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Heart of theater district,"Location of hotel is ideal for travelers. It is just off Strand, in heart of theater district. A 10 minute walk gets you to Trafalgar Square/Charing Cross. Takes about a 20 minute walk to Piccadilly and Westminster Bridge/sites.Hotel has a lot of charm. Excellent buffet breakfast. Service impeccable. My only negative is the size of the guest rooms (nonSuites) They are very small and due to the amount of furniture, there leaves little  foot traffic space. They are, however, very well appointed with iron, in-room safe, wifi (fee), flat screen tv, minibar, and some nice extra touches (such as a heated towel rack). Bed firm but comfortable.  Overall , a very nice hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful!,"We booked one night here and we're not disappointed!  The location is spot on for visiting the west end, with lovely local restaurants dotted around. Convent Garden was a treat on such a warm summers day and within walking distance. The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel itself was clean and luxurious. Although the rooms are small,  we found that we were rarely in them, and therefore this didn't really matter. Breakfast was delicious - would recommend the pancakes with maple syrup and clotted cream! ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gold Member means nothing at this location,Dissappointed with handling of my reservation regardless of being a gold member.After an online reservation transport difficulties and delays caused a late arrival. Had a conversation with Hotel who appeared to understand. On arrival no notes on incident no notes on reservation although we had a number. on arrival given  a room with the most unpleasant view. Slow room service. Slow housekeeping. Very helpful and pleasant concierge. Would definitely not go back there,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night of fine hotel accommodation ,"Very nice hotel suite, spacious, looked the main road, most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in. Shower head was nice and big unlike some other hotels.   Being greeted by the Guest relations manager upon check-in was a nice touch as was the complimentary drinks and snacks.   Overall only stayed one night but very nice, close to major tourist areas is a bonus for visitors/tourist's.   Room service was adequate. Best to eat out. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Waldorf,"Great location, lovely hotel, staff very helpful. Rooms are small but very nice and clean.Room was too hot at night and air con could not be controlled to right temp. Breakfast was a little disappointing for the extra amount paid, not freshly cooked and fried eggs for instance were solid which I dislike. The spa is in need of refurbishment and lockers have no security as no padlocks available.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Dependable, reliable solid Hilton"," Having stayed at this property before it was nice to return to a familiar place. Thanks to Pearl at check in, the room was assigned with a cheery professional greeting.  The usual notes regarding smallish lifts and stairs in the hallways but overall another pleasant stay. A few hardware issues in the room with washroom door locks and toilet paper holders falling off but nothing too bad apart from these minor cosmetic issues.  In room amenities included kettle with tea and coffee as well as iron and board. Free bottled water as well. Breakfast was exceptional. In a great room with plenty of cold choices and made to order hot egg items. Service was top notch.  Looking forward to staying at this hotel again the next time in London.   ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything you expect from a top class hotel,"We requested and received an upgrade to the King Executive Suite, this was amazing and worth the extra money. Location is perfect for anyone wishing to explore on foot, although most of the main bus routes are only 50 metres outside the entrance. Breakfast was beautiful with very tasty food and top quality coffee. Check-in/check-out was very good and they looked after our luggage whilst we spent our final day in London. This hotel does lack the wow factor of some other 5* London hotels, but it is a very high standard and cannot be faulted.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for the theatres and some really good restaurants,"Was on a 12 hour layover in London so decided to get a day room at the Waldorf Hilton to explore the area around Covent Gardens and the Theatre District. Took the Heathrow Express to Paddington and caught Bus 23 from Paddington towards Liverpool Street. The bus stop for Aldwych stops directly in front of the Hotel. Check in was easy and fast although a little bit of information on what they were putting on the credit card would have been useful before I enquired when it came to signing the slip. Room I had was on the 6th floor, nice and bright although with no view as it looked inwards. Having said that, the room looked newly renovated with lots of whites and blues. I actually liked how the room felt. One word of warning is that being a really old hotel, there a few steps to…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great location and service,"Loved the location of the hotel. Very close to Charing Cross and Holborn metro station. There are also several coffee shops nearby if you need the extra kick in the morning. Covent Garden is also just around the corner!  It's a 30 minute walk to Buckingham Palace as well as Hyde Park.   Rooms are clean, bathrooms are spacious. Would book again if I go next time.  The only complaint I have is the WIFI as it's only available to you in the main reception area. But my check in went extremely long so they decided to give me unlimited WIFI access.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Close to the entertainment,The Waldorf is a classy hotel in the centre of London very close to the theaters and other central London things to see. It has the grandeur of the old days but modern comfort. Although situated on a very busy road inside there is a very quiet atmosphere and no street rumour can be hard in most of the rooms,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always happy when I stay at the Waldorf,"There are two things I love the most about the Waldorf Hilton; the gym and the location.  I've stayed here over a dozen times and it's pleased me every single time. The location is perfect - situated a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden station and another 10 from Leicester Square. Biggest selection of restaurants, bars, theatres and so on you'll find in London less than a 15 minute walk away.  The gym is immense as well. The Waldorf grants guests access to an actual gym (LA Fitness) which is below. Perfect for anyone's gym needs.  The hotel itself has undergone major refurbishment lately - make sure to stay in a refurbished room. The beds are comfy and facilities are great. I'd also recommend online check-in (if booked via Hilton) - the hotel is an old London building and as…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"I travel very often to London for business and this is may hotel of choice. It is very well located near Covent Garden and the main tube and bus routes to the City. The roooms have been updated recently and have a frigobar and modern and ample bathrooms with a complete set of toiletries, including bathrobe and slippers if you are in an executive room, All of the rooms are quiet and clean and turndown service is available (getting your room ready for the night -do not even dream of it in the US!-). There is an electric kettle in each room which allows for some quick coffee or tea when needed.. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful.   Restaurants are classy, good and not expensive, probably due to the wide restaurant offer in the area.  The Executive Lounge is good for breakfast…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Truly Amazing,I love this hotel because its rooms are beautifully decorated & not very small. I reckon that the Queen room is their smallest room. The hotel's staff is extremely helpful. On the day of checkout I forgot some of my important and expensive stuff in my room which I got back in secure condition. The view from the window wasn't very nice which is because it is surrounded by theatres and foreign embassies. This hotel truly deserves 5 stars from me & I will surely stay here again. ,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"We were joining friends for his 60th birthday. His 'suite' was like a typical family room in a Premier Inn yet he was charge over £300 per night.  He did not have any bathrobes nor extra bath towels and cups for him, his wife and son.  He also had a fridge that would not open.  He requested this 3 times before bathrobes etc were provided late at night and was told the fridges on the whole floor weren't working since the rooms had been redecorated!  Our room was OK but we could've got a similar room at the Premier Inn for half the cost!  The celebration meal from the A la Carte menu which he had pre-ordered several weeks before was disappointing as they 'forgot' one course! Very embarrassing for our friend.  Also the belly of pork was quite difficult to cut and chew, not the best…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Waldorf  Hilton, London, UK","Lovely place to pass a weekend at whilst in London. Very quiet, clean and placed well for all forms of transport and for sightseeing - especially if visiting the theatres. The breakfast was great - a great way to start a busy day!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"We stay at the Hilton hotels regularly ( around the world ) . This one was a little disappointing . Staff great except for resturant staff , due to our entire order been wrong twice  . The waitress was quite rude. Would not recommend the resturant . The hotel it self is pleasant   The bedrooms , we had a executive suite , nice size , the decor is very bland . I understand they are going with a theme , it does not work , it's cold and bland for a five star hotel. The pool area needs some maintance. Would not stay here again. Prefer the ritz ,fabulous hotel. Wi fi is furstrating!!  It's ideal for a theatre stay .",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Keine 5 Sterne,"To be honest, I was expecting much more from this 5 star hotel Waldorf in London. Although the staff was at all time very friendly. The room was ok, the bath room had a window.  But the bedroom closet was much to small and uncomfortable and no slippers. I asked about the slippers and I was told that they only give them on request. And this in a 5 star hotel, high priced. But the room was very well cleaned up every day. As I said the staff ( concierges) were very friendly. One of the concierges gave me a very good tip how I can get the best way to London City Airport.  From the hotel to go by taxi to Waterloo, from their to take the tube to Canning town and further by the train direct to the City Airport. This was the best recommendation, thanks to him. The area of the hotel is…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great location,"Stayed at the hotel in a family room with my young Daughter, Mum and Niece. The room was very spacious and very comfortable with complimentary bottled water, tea and coffee and a walk in wardrobe/closet. The staff were friendly and breakfast was lovely with a good selection of food. My only criticism was the pool was not very well signposted and around the pool was in need of some tlc, plaster had fallen off the lower parts of some of the walls and it would not take much effort to tidy this up. The hotel is located in a great area and in walking distance to lots of theatres and restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay Impeccable Service,"We stayed at the Waldorf to celebrate my wife's birthday. From the moment we pulled up outside we were met by the concierge who took our car off us and assisted with luggage to reception. We made use of the car valet car parking which was faultless. The receptionist was very professional, helpful and welcomed us with great service.  The room was large and featured a very powerful rain shower.  Breakfast was fantastic with a vast choice of fresh products and again exceptional service.  In conclusion Great Location, Fantastic Hotel with Amazing Staff",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Up to Waldorf standards,"We are here for 4 nights in a junior suite. The room is large with a nice sitting area and bathroom also large with shower and tub and 2 sinks.  Very comfortable. The staff was very professional for the check- in and handling every question.  Also the housekeeping staff was very quick to respond with any requests.  The executive lounge is small and gets crowded. But this is the first Waldorf that I have stayed at with an executive lounge. The food for breakfast is better than the evening cocktail hour, though free wine makes up for the lack of appetizing selection beyond cheese and crackers.  The doormen are classic in a good way! Since there a few steps up from street level, they are always ready to carry your bag up the stairs with a hearty offer. On my return from work on the…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Concierge service,"The concierge Daniel Firth as well as the doorman are definately the most knowledgeable guys in London.  Any assistance I needed with a location or how to get something done.  Not only did they know exactly where i should go, but they went out of their way to help me save time/money in doing this.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,My daughter and I stayed at the Waldorf on points from May 12-May 16.  The hotel staff (especially the concierges) were amazing.  The room was a double and quite large considering we were in London.  Great transportation just outside the hotel.  Wonderful experience.  ,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, if busy","Aldwych is one of the busiest streets in London and as you step out of the hotel, you face a ""wall of traffic"" which at times is almost stand-still.  Inside, however, the rooms (at least the one I stayed in) are newly refurbished to a high level and in keeping with the Waldorf brand.  Breakfast is good and service OK for London.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT STAY!!,"Stayed here for one night on May bank holiday monday with my boyfriend and had a lovely stay. The hotel itself is in a great location close to covent garden, theatres etc and meant we could walk to the attractions as was a sunny day instead of having to use the tube. We did have a problem getting into the hotel at first as there were road closures due to the Bupa marathon taking place I believe. After nearly two hours of trying to find an alternative route, we finally made it to the hotel where we were met by a friendly gentleman called Radek I believe who parked our car for us and was lovely to us throughout our stay whenever we saw him.. Thankfully we were checked in early, which was greatly appreciated after travelling in the car for about 6 or so hours and this meant we…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"My son, who lives abroad and rarely comes home. Treated my wife and I to a weekend away in London.  Naturally. We were very excited. Not only about seeing our son. But also to have the opportunity to stay in one of Londons  prestigeous  hotels.   On arrival we were impressed by the facade of the hotel. With its decadent 1930s decor and immaculately dressed staff..  However. Our room,in contrast was dissapointing. It had an strong smell of damp. And there were cracks in the plaster on the walls.  Breakfast too. Was not without its problems. Whilst ample and varied. My cooked breakfast was cold and greasy. And my coffee was also luke warm.   Given the opportunity. I would not choose to stay here again. Which is a real shame. As I used to consider it THE place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very comfortable, but expensive.","The doorman in the derby would have been enough for me, but the desk clerk was very persuasive about the 70 pound per day upgrade that included breakfast, wifi, afternoon tea, and appetizers and a full bar at night. I'm not sure we could have ever gotten close to getting our money's worth on that, but it was nice to have breakfast and not worry about where to get it. The beds were clean and comfy, the rooms were big and modern, even though this is an old hotel. It was fun to pretend to be rich for six days in London, and it was always good to be ""home"" after a big day of pounding the pavement.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for theatre stays,"We stayed for one night as part of our anniversary celebrations and we got the room free through our Hilton credit card.  The hotel has a good location and great for going to the theatre or hanging around the tourist parts of London.  Friendly, very efficient hotel staff and the bar had a great evening ambiance that was shut away from the busy theatre district.   The gym is incredibly well equipped, but the spa and pool area is in desperate need of some cash injected into it - although its meant to look like a roman style pool, it looks like it wasn't touched since those times! Its a bit like going into a dungeon and is significantly underwhelming!   Overall it was a quiet room and a comfortable bed, even if the room was quite small in comparison to other Hilton hotels.   If I…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, Good location, Nice Gym, Maybe-pricey-for-what-it-is?","Stayed overnight with my wife as we both had work in London. A good location on Aldwych, although not particularly close for the Tube.  Friendly, very efficient hotel staff.  Liked the gym. Nice restaurant.  A quiet room and a great night's sleep on a very comfortable bed.   Pricey, though for what it is, we thought:  Other hotels in London that pack a heftier 'experience' punch for the same price tag, we think. But a nice hotel and - if on offer- we'd stay again",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT FOR LONDON THEATRELAND,"Stayed for two nights over weekend. Rooms clean and well fitted out. Staff more than friendly, helpful and efficient. This hotel is close by all the main theatres,restaurants, Covent Garden etc. Not cheap but then this is London!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice!,"Stayed for a few days. Great front desk staff, rooms are newly remodeled. We were in a ""double double"" which is two double beds --- unusual for Europe. Nice big room. We were in room 106, which was on the first floor in the back on an alleyway. Very noisy, especially early in the morning with trash pick-up, and construction work in an adjacent building.  Very close to many West End theatres and shows, great pubs, restaurants and coffee houses. Even a Five Guys if you're missing your American hamburgers ... but shame on you if you go there...Also close by is the pick-up for the ""hop on, hop off"" tour buses.   Long and short of it; very comfortable room, nice amenities, staff and lots of pillows on the awesome beds.  One note, the bathtubs are unusually high, and narrow with a…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Attentive staff,"We stayed for a few days for shopping, sightseeing and theatre.  Location excellent for Covent Garden and theatres.  The best asset of this hotel are the polite and attentive staff. Stayed in a Junior Suite which is not huge when the sofa bed is out, but good enough for our needs.  Breakfast offered a good choice with excellent omelette.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel Great Location,"A beautiful old building with plenty & charm & character - centrally & ideally located for all things London, that us exPats must have easy access to ..... Rooms are spacious and well appointed  Exec Lounge is one of the best I have used Checkin can be a bit crazy but then we did arrive early from Heathrow on a very busy Sunday morning",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff especially Ezster were very accomadating!  Upgraded to junior suite very nice!Bar staff very friendly!,"Would recommend this hotel highly especially if going to London theater.  Saw Beautiful the musical on stage, very intertaining. We had a junior suite that was very clean.  It was our 42 wedding anniversary and they had cake waiting for us.  It was these little things that made this hotel stand out. Ezster was very helpful and really made our trip!  Thank you Waldorf for the great memories!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel Great Location,"We traveled to London for the first time in March 2015. I was not sure what hotel to select as we wanted to be in a location for walking distance to the river and local attraction. The Waldorf was perfict. Great location and easy walking to all the must see thing in london.  The staff was very helpfull for reccomendations for restraunts and information for "" The Tube "".  Good English Pubs in walking distance and even in the Theater District.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,a short break,"an overnight stay with my daughter before flying off to Paris.  Met at the door by a charming doorman, who escorted us to our room.  Room was superb, large room. lovely bathroom. Had a delicious breakfast, they catered very well for my diet - gluten free - and my daughter's choice of vegetarian.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice location but needs fine tuning,"nice old hotel , London is very busy city and almost every month new hotels are coming to picture .  This has been my fathers hotel and still is ! Must do some renovation to attract young people ; bar is ok but inside of the hotel and rooms must be younger !",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,Went for friends 40th birthday. Food was great... Booked executive and was definitely worth it.  Buffett and free drink in the evening between 5 and 8pm.  We were able to walk to Oxford St and very easy to find your way from this great base.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf woe!,"I'm not sure what I was expecting at the Waldorf, something grander I suppose,so was a little disappointed when I entered. This is a very standard London Hotel - nice but not extravagant as imagined. Still that was small in disappointment compared to the reception we received. As soon as we checked in, we were asked for a credit card. I had pre-paid the room so asked why I had to give them my card details. The receptionist then went on a long defensive rant explaining that it was in case I damaged the room??. We are a middle aged couple off to the theatre for the night. Do we look like we are about to trash the place? She was indignant that we had to pass over a credit card so in the end I gave in. It was a really bad welcome to first time guests.   The rooms are adequate in…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,"Stayed one night on our trip to London, it was our second time at this hotel. We had a fabulous stay. We booked a basic room but we're upgraded to a deluxe as hubby is a diamond member. The room was very nice, clean with a comfortable bed. What else do you need? Maria in the executive lounge went way above our expectations.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My experience with the Waldorf Hilton London,"I have been a loyal Hilton customer for 28 years and have stayed in Hiltons all over the world for business and pleasure.  One of the highlights of Hiltons for me has been consistency of quality and service, whether it was the Waldorf Astoria in New York City or the Hilton in Tel Aviv, both very large and luxurious hotels and exceptional in every way.  London started out poorly with a very rude young woman desk clerk from Hungary who was supercilious and arrogant about making some minor changes to the reservation at the check in.   This left a bad taste and we had to resolve it with the concierge who was wonderful.  It is a very nice hotel but two comments:  First of all it extremely expensive and the wifi should be offered without addition cost, at a minimum to Hilton Honors…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,best central hotel,"if you are coming to london ? stay here it's right where you need to be to explore london, we live just outside london and stay here a couple of times a year ! everything you want is close by and it's not too expensive, the staff and food is really good, taxis right out side the door, covent garden and theatres around the corner.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely would stay: spacious rooms and ease of access to River,"A great stay. The basement has an LA Fitness with full weight and equipment. Also, short distance from the river so very easy to get to run around the Thames. My work was in the financial district, a good 1.5 mile walk. I did that every morning before getting started with the day.  The door men are immaculately dressed. Which I had taken a photo.   I didn't try any of the restaurants/meals.  Lots of restaurants within a quarter mile/around the theater district. The Turkish restaurant around the corner is highly recommended.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay.,"I spent the weekend here with work, first impressions it's grand looking mixed with modern and old. It was a very busy time for them so appreciate perfection can not always be kept however I do expect the toilets to be a high standard and unfortunately they where not. My room was standard size, the furniture was a bit shabby, bathroom was very nice and bed was comfortable. When you look closely the hotel could do with a revamp, skirting boards broke, light switches hanging, paintwork chipped. The food was very nice, a huge selection at breakfast and all very tasty and helpful happy staff.  I enjoyed my stay there but if I was paying I would not stay there again as I've stated in better for the price.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sensational ,"We stayed here one night on our 5 week trip, and it was brilliant.  The staff realised it was our honeymoon and we were given a free upgrade and a lovely gift of cake in our room.  The check in and concierge were fantastic, storing our bags on arrival and departure.  The facilities were fantastic.  Free wifi would have been nice, after paying so much for the room forking out again for wifi seemed a bit much. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel i. London,Ordinary stay in a very expansiv hotel. Small room nothing special. Classic breakfast with cold and warm food. Good location. Ok staff some were Nice and some were just ok. Would not recommend this hotel to our friends. Its too expensive in regards to what you get.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special Trip,When you hear Waldorf you have certain expectations of a hotel and this one certainly achieved its place.We were in London for a show and we stayed here overnight.Staff very courteous and well groomed and attentive.Room was well furnished and the bathroom i would have liked to bring home with me.Breakfast was beautifully presented and well cooked.A short but impressive stay.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Stay for Business and Fun,"This was a great location where our hosts put us up for our business trip.  The facilities for our event in the hotel were very nice, the staff was friendly and the location was so close to so many sights and restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 night stay and well worth it,"One of the most convenient placed hotels we stayed at. Close to almost all of downtown London and easy walking distances. Particulalry Theatres, The Strand,Covent garden,Big Ben. Westminster, 7 Dials and so on. Staff well versed on London and extremely kind and helpful. A bit expensive so look for specials, totally worth it.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay!,"My family and I stayed for four nights in a Junior Suite on the 8th Floor and an Executive Suite on the 4th Floor. Both rooms were lovely, recently refurbished and spotlessly clean. We were initially a little disappointed that the Junior Suite on the eighth floor didn't have a separate shower cubicle but the over- bath rainforest shower was fine and the bathroom was very spacious. The lift only reaches the 7th floor and there is a short easy walk up some stairs to the 8th Floor. This wasn't a problem for us but obviously would be for someone with mobility problems. The beds and pillows were extremely comfortable in both rooms.  We took breakfast in the Homage Restaurant and it was fine with plenty of choice. The Staff at breakfast were wonderful, so attentive and extremely…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Have stayed here twice before on business. Beautiful hotel, staff and management were very good and the consiege couldn't have been more helpful. Would highly recommend this hotel for the purpose of business or pleasure.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just Wonderful!,Wonderful 2 night stay 16-18th May 2015.  Fantastic customer service from start to finish.  Everything is spotless.  A special mention to Ferooz Yaqubi (Duty Manager) for his excellent attention to detail and making our weekend unforgettable.  We will be back very soon,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old glory with contemporary touch.,This delightful downtown London hotel celebrated its 100 years anniversary in 2008. It combines the glory of the Victrian era with modern comfort and amnesties. The rooms are elegant as well as cosy. The service is excellent and ' classy'. Guests can enjoy a delicious English breakfast from a generous buffet with a seating choice in a ' palcial ' dining room or in the festive Palm Court. Your stay in London at the Waldorf Hilton will enhance your visit with a historic fulfillment and a memorable hospitality.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Lovely staff and clean rooms. Everything you could possibly want right were you need it to be.  The only problem we had was when we ordered room service, it was a little cold and unfortunately they forgot the sauce but not something to put me off returning. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and very friendlt stuff!,"I stayed there for 3 days on business trip. Location is excellent - nearest metro station is 5 minutes walk, there are plenty of restaurants and shops in the area, but hotel itself is very quiet. The pool is very interestingly designed - old roman style. Stuff is excepionally friendly, every time I was coming back to the hotel and it was raining, a smiling gentlemen with an umbrella was waiting there for me. Rooms are well equipped.  You have to pay additionally for wifi and that's the only minus. I definately recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,We only stayed for one night and must say the bed and pillows were the most comfortable we have experienced at any hotel before. A lovely nights sleep in a clean and spacious room. The only negative we had was the eye watering price of the wi-fi and mini bar. All in all a great experience.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Great break at the Waldorf - it is on Aldwych, which is 5 minutes from Covent Garden and the theatres. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and quiet. There is a swimming pool and sauna, but they are not that good, so I'd not bother with them - just go out and explore central London instead! We would stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top class hotel top class staff,"I had to attend a wedding at the other prestigious hotel along the road so I chose to stay at this one how right I was     On arrival I was greeted with a a great doorman with a bowler hat call Radick he took my bags up the stairs and arrange to be taken by concierge this was even before whether he knew if I was staying there or not, to me this is top class service he is a grade above the rest.  I checked in with a lovely receptionist called Rachael very friendly smiles all round and so very very polite and happy to be working behind the prestigious Hilton desk.  I said to my partner where are the bags I was greeted with the concierge called Sunny a tall coloured gentleman very polite and with a huge smile saying don't worry I'll bring them up in a minute  this set the standard…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor stay,"Not the Waldorf hype you expect when you pay over £300 per night.  Way over rated and priced, poor staff service(don't even carry your bags), terrible bar, breakfast better at Premier Inn.    5* price for 2* service.  Won't stay again",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
3209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton - In the Center of Everything,"I have been writing reviews about my favourite London Hotel before. Our last stay in April for three days was again great. We must say that the friendlyness of the Staff improved since last stay. There is a change in the staff with a few members from The Netherlands. Great. And in the executive lounge you will find a always friendly Christina !!This hotel is really a must when your in London, because it is right in the center of everything you want to do !! And so important you don't need everytime public transport. Covent Garden and Piccadilly are just around the corner.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very central - very nice,"This hotel is on Aldwych about 5 minutes stroll from Covent Garden and the theatres and a 10 minute walk across Waterloo Bridge from Waterloo Station and the South Bank. The hotel is very nice, quiet and staff are polite, friendly and helpful. There is a swimming pool and sauna - but it is not that nice - not at all like the rest of the hotel. So go out and enjoy London instead!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Saturday night theatre break,Had a wonderful stay at the hotel . Nice friendly reception team who all spoke excellent English . Had a nice refurbished room . It was only a standard double but everything was great . The complaint I have is the hotel says free wifi . However this is only public areas and 14.99 for the day . It doesn't matter what you earn this seems a bit of a con ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Homage Premium Club,The above promotion I joined 3 years ago my first years stay went like a dream but the last two years have been a disaster I have paid a total of £330 and had nothing in return. This is mainly down to me not reading the fine print in the terms and conditions. The Guest relations manager came across as a pleasant very professional man full of good intent but once the sale of another years membership was secure you then had to run the gauntlet of the Terms and conditions. If you are happy to be told when you can use this promotion then this is for you but be warned after your first year watch those Terms and Conditions!,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Centre Of The Centre,First impression is good - lots of staff outside polite and helpful - the building looks old but clean and is the same as you walk inside. Not the biggest of lobbies but had to wait no time at all to check in - Julie was professional and welcoming - so in our room within minutes. 6th floor with a view over the Aldwych and India House - but you dont stay here for the views. It looks like the corridor and room has been refurbished very recently - the room was good size and the bathroom almost the same size with lovely rainfall shower.  Went for drinks in the bar - Kir Royale was classy with large blackcurrant in it £15 and bottle of Sol £6 - but lovely grand bar with excellent service to your table and complimentary nibbles while you wait.  Location is everything - right next door…,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly located for Covent Garden & good exec bar,We stayed as a group on a theatre trip to London. The hotel is perfectly located for the theatres around Covent Garden and also the theatres on the Strand.  The exec rooms have been recently refurbished and we all had really nice rooms. It is a big hotel but we managed to have room service and it was efficient and accurate.  The exec bar I thought was quite small for a hotel this size & often at night people couldn't find an seat so they had to stand. Also at breakfast some of the families were offered the main breakfast room as they were queuing. We enjoyed it though as we sat in pairs - the service was really good and the staff were very helpful.  The concierge always got us a taxi & it was very challenging for him as there was a generator out front due to the recent fires…,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Locafion for the Theartes,"Hotel was fine, we were on a room only basis so did not sample any of the food, the duvet cover was far to big for the size of the actual duvet and was rather worn with threads hanging out. Bed very comfortable as were the pillows. We chose the hotel for being close to the theatre and although we were on the 8th floor, lift only goes to the 7th we were pleased with the room The hotel has a nice feel about it.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service as always,"Fantastic service from all the staff. Harley from the Premium Office and Christina from the Executive Lounge couldn't do enough to make our special occasion perfect.  No small favour was too much trouble. Peter from the concierge made baggage tickets unnecessary; keeping track of our needs. The room was perfect as always, the food in the lounge was plentiful and unlimited. Afternoon tea in the restaurant offers a good menu of teas, sandwiches and cakes. Live harp topped off the perfectly British experience. The doorman (I don't recall the name, sorry) arranged for a short term holding area for an official vehicle. No small favour. We've been members of the premium club for about three years now and the Waldorf continues to live up to its name.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, very good located","I stayed at the Waldorf for 3 nights at a standart room (7th floor).  The room size is excellent, the furniture sometimes looks a little used. From Floor 6 to 7 you have to take the stairs no elevater!!  The Drinks at the hotel bar are very delicious and well mixed but a little overpriced!   But the most impressive thing about the Waldorf is not the Hotel itself.... its the concierge and portier! They're always very helpful and friendly, i was impressed how fast they can give advice even for special requests.  I would absolutely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pricey but nicey,"This was a special treat as quite pricey. Staff were very courtious and friendly. They checked me in early but even though i stated i was disabled i was given a room on 8th floor which the lifts only go to 7th so have to do stairs for last flight, i was told this and said ok but room was also right at the end of the coridors, maybe they didnt get the information about me being disabled and i could of mentioned itim sure they would have moved but i was only staying one nght. Rooms are lovely light and airy, bathroom nice too. I had room service food which was ok, service was quick. I had the most delicious cocktail in the bar, the bar was very nice. I would definately stay here again",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for short stay,"Stayed for 2 nights , room clean and  comfortable only negative was awful view of ducting and pipes but that's inner cities  Breakfast very good , plenty of choice A bit of house from disco as we were  on first floor but did not cause to much bother Location was very good and that's what would make it stand out against others as it was just a bit formal",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Smelly, stuffy and dirty.","The lifts are dirty, carpets lifting. Staff unfriendly and rude. No interest in customer service. Worst experience ever in a Waldorf hotel. Very disappointed. Considering changing hotel brands. Absolutely overpriced.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
3221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Experience. Unbeatable Location!,"I was upgraded to the executive floor. The room was nice, although there were hardly any windows. I loved having access to the executive lounge, which had amazing ammenities. The staff was super helpful and friendly, and I enjoyed the old-world elegance and charm the hotel has to offer.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overrated and most definately underwhelminh,"This hotel appears to trade on its name. It's overpriced, needs upgrading, and most certainly needs to pay attention to its rather surly staff. The good thing about it is its location on the Strand in terms of proximity to shops and various sites. Will not return.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location,  needs a refresh...","Location is the best part of the hotel. In between the city and West end. Rooms are being refurbished,  much needed,  some rooms are real popokey in particular on level 2 from my experience. Lifts are slow and small, but you would expect that from an old hotel. Staff were very friendly,  breakfast buffet was better than average,  but not amazing. Overall expensive for what you get, but location is the pulling factor.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business trip,Had to stay here on business. Fantastic location right in the heart. Staff are lovely. Taking your bags and being very polite and smart. Pricey drinks in the bar but it is the capital. Rooms very clean and cosy. Don't put your room key by your phone as it wipes it so if your on the 8 th floor be ready to go back downstairs to reception.  Spa was very dated and not in keeping with the rest of the hotel. Needs to close and be renovated to bring it up to date. Gym is good though.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable Stay, Great Location","This was a great location in London, in close proximity to many good attractions. When we arrived the room was not ready and we had to wait for a few hours, but in exchange we received free wifi. The room was small but nicely furnished, and the hotel itself was very quiet with no external noise. The pool was under construction so we were not able to use it. Had afternoon tea in the hotel and it was very delicious. The service was good, and the concierge was helpful with restaurant recommendations.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas & Business Trip,"My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the beginning of December. Staff were very helpful and the room was nice. Only problem was the room where they kept the linen, toilet rolls, etc was opposite our bedroom door and it kept banging closed all through the night :-/",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A welcome in London,"We stayed 2 nights at the Waldorf Hilton. Afternoon tea had been booked ,we were an hour late and the resturant was very busy,but after a short wait we were ushered(only word to discribe it !) to our table. Lovely tea,sandwiches (and extra) ,scones and cream and little cakes. Our room was very comfortable ,and also a ""smoking"" room.All usual tea making stuff,fluffy towels,robes,shampoo etc. Our 2 children,both in their 20s,joined us for dinner in the Homage resturant . We had drinks in the bar,expensive but not a surprise,nibbles replaced by likeable staff. All agreed it was a lovely meal,the lamb was delicious and the desserts too , cheese board a bit disappointing -£29 set menu included glass of fizz.Breakfast was a buffet with everything and omelettes could be made to order.…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,brill stay,we stayed at this hotel on may bank holiday there was 8 of us all ladies aged 60 plus what a brill stay we had nothing was too much trouble for the staff we needed a taxi to the thames & the doorman must have ran about half a mile to get us 2 taxies would definately recomend this hotel to anybody,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Impeccable service,"Comfortable room and beautiful bathroom. The Service is second to none. Staff always smiling, tidy and most accommodating. Food was delicious and of course the Hilton breakfast was gorgeous. Expected to see damask etc but was very white and modern.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WIFI scam,"A decent hotel and well located, but the stay was overshadowed by the WIFI scam.  I took advantage of an offer of ""Complimentary WIFI"" if I booked directly at hilton.com, which I subsequently did. On arrival at the hotel the WIFI log on showed the cost to be £14.99 per device per day. I called to the reception to get the complimentary WIFI code only to be told that the offer of complimentary WIFI did not apply to the room, but only to the (very small) lobby area. When I complained that this was wholly misleading the lady at reception conceded that many guests found it misleading. Simple - that is because it is wholly misleading.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Great hotel with good service and great location. Gym on bottom floor is excellent. Being Hilton honors members we got a free upgrade to a suite which was awesome value. Seen a show while here and was great to have so many theaters in walking distance.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic hotel in the heart of London,Loved this hotel for the following reasons:  Service Cleanliness  Comfy huge bed Spacious room Location  I stayed here with family and friends and found this hotel to be very welcoming.  As central London hotels go - this one is a great choice right near wonderful convent gardens.    Buffet breakfast was delicious and a vast range.  You'll be left exceedingly content :)  This hotel is very child friendly too and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.  I had a very enjoyable stay ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,At the heard of the city,Althuogh it is old but still is new .....   For enjoying the city with  theaters and good walking in day time. For families strictly recomend executive floors and updated big rooms. By walking you could reach to soho and all atractions. Covet garden is also just at your next room. There is ring bus you could reach easyly to other regions.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Stayed here for one night with my Wife, lovely hotel with a great location. Staff very polite and attentive a very nice, we were given a modern comfortable room with all the facilities you would expect. Bar is a little pricey but it is central London, overall though a great place to stay if you fancy a treat.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best location,"We have stayed at this particular hotel several times and it has a great location,just around the corner from Covent Garden and close to most of the theatres.  We try and choose to stay in a room that gives you use of the executive lounge,where you are able to enjoy a afternoon tea and then  from 6 - 8.30 pm canapés and drinks it's a lovely treat and worth paying extra for.  I am so pleased to see that the rooms are being refurbished in a more traditional style a lot more in keeping with the hotel than the more modern approach they tried which now looks very outdated and was never what you expected from an hotel with such history.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful and we would definitely stay here again.  Just a note as mentioned they are renovating the rooms,we were on…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay in central London,"Stayed at the Waldorf on recent girls visit to London as this was central and close to theatre the hotel room was fantastic and so quiet you would not believe you were in central London the ambience of the hotel is one we found of relaxation, the staff could not be more helpful. We also had a swim in the pool which we had to ourselves, the food was lovely and top marks goes to the bar staff the service was excellent and even though we stopped till the wee early hours they never made us feel that we had to leave. Oh and the cocktails were amazing.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea,"Got this afternoon tea treat for a friends present using a voucher, and to be honest glad I did. The hotel is lovely the restaurant is grand albeit out the back away from the main foyer. The food was delicious and light the champagne very nice and plenty just the service was not good. They may have been short staffed as it wasn't that busy, had to ask for the cakes and scones. All in all a lovely tea but would have been a bit miffed if I paid the full amount.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,almost five stars,"Great location, very smart hotel , nice rooms .All they need is to brush up on house keeping. Our second visit to this hotel and we had a few issues last time. This time let down by house keeping,bathroom and refreshments not fully stocked on arrival and again on second day at to ask. left room at 10:15 returned around 4pm and not serviced. Expected better at their prices.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Triumph of style over performance,"The best part of our visit was that we had a very good night's sleep, quite an achievement in central London. However the rest of our experience of the hotel was very disappointing. The doorman made no attempt to help us with our bags, we had to queue for check-in, despite there being several members of staff floating around, and there was no-where to sit whilst we waited.  We went out for the evening & were quite shocked to return at 11.00 (not very late) to discover the door into the hotel was locked & there were no staff in sight.  Eventually we worked out we needed to swipe our key card to open the front door.  I could have understood this situation more at 3.00am, but 11.00pm is not late.  At breakfast the next morning, again, there were lots of staff floating around not…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,"As a Hilton Honours Credit Card member i was given a free night certificate to stay in any hilton hotel around the world. I saved the certificate for a special occasion and decided to use it for a weekend away in London to see a show with a close friend. I choose the Waldorf Hilton as the Brand is known to offer ""the highest standards of facilities and service"" which is there Brand Promise.  Something we wouldn't normally be bale to experience. I wanted the stay to be perfect as it was a very special occasion (personally) and did not want anything to spoil the weekend.     Upon reviewing the TripAdvisor comments (as you do) i became slightly worried with other reviews on the site and even attempted to change the hotel to avoid disappointment, as this wasn't possible, i decided…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,piece of glass on the carpeted floor and construction work,The hotel is fair in quality. Old but charming. But my wife stepped on a piece of glass on the carpeted floor and started to bleed. Not so funny - clearly the cleaning staff did a poor vacuum cleaning.  Further during two out of our four days construction work was ongoing from early morning to late afternoon. Drilling and hammering made it impossible to sleap after 8:30am.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still lives up to its reputation,"Our experience with world-famous hotels in the past is that the majority of them are living on past glories.  Not so the Waldorf, which comes across as every bit as glamorous as it ever was.  We were made to feel quite special all through our stay there, right from the friendly welcome at reception onwards. The reception staff, the housekeeping staff, the restaurant all went out of their way to help and make sure we had exactly what we wanted. This is quite unusual these days, especially in London, but they all seemed to take a pride in what they were doing.  It helped that we were upgraded on arrival to an executive suite and given free in-room wi-fi access. The suite was very comfortably and tastefully furnished - something we rarely find in combination- and absolutely…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely stay for this diamond member,"Really comfortable beds, spotlessly clean. The staff were all friendly , warm, efficient and genuinely interested in making the guest experience as good as possible. Many thanks A great spot right in Covent Garden and theatre land",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We come to London a few times a year and now we always stay at the Waldorf which is centrally located and two minutes from Covent Garden. The rooms are always clean and comfortable. The executive lounge is also excellent, it serves afternoon tea and then evening drinks from 6.30ish. Staff are polite and professional and if we have had an issue it has been dealt with quickly and efficiently.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but over priced,"Nice hotel, it has its history and name but its expensive for what you get (room wise). Staff are pleasant and the nostalgic feel is good but I still challenge the price. Avoid a connected room, I could hear everything...and I mean everything. I got an upgrade which I appreciate but if that was an upgrade I'd  hate to see my original room...#smallspaces",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good quality hotel in great location,Good quality hotel in a great location for Covent Garden.  The hotel has an olde worlde feeling to it and you can feel the history.  Some rooms are better than others.  The exec suites are of a significantly higher quality than the standard rooms.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the best afternoon tea,"I had arranged afternoon tea for myself and four friends which we were really looking forward to.  On arrival our table was not ready and we had to stand around like spare parts while tables were pushed together for us.  As five is an odd number and we had been put on a long table we asked if we could have a round table instead to make it more pleasant to chat but were refused this request even though a round table next to us remained unoccupied.  The food was fine, exactly what you would predict for an afternoon tea, but the service was poor, in fact it was non existent.  We had to call out to attract the waiter on a few occasions for basic items such as a glass of water and to have the empty milk jugs replenished.  Not once did the waiter ask us if everything was to our…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Hotel!",Brought my sister to London for the first time and staying at the Waldorf was a fantastic way to start the trip!  Everything was absolutely wonderful from the moment that we checked in to check out!! The location was perfect; set right in the theater district it was awesome just walking around the corner to see all the shows!,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average,"A beautiful building, a nice room and conveniently situated close to the theatre's and Covent Garden.   However, in my opinion, it isn't worth the cost.   The '24 hour' room service was disappointing, the gentleman who answered the phone sounded as though it was terribly inconvenient to have to answer the phone to me. All other staff were very friendly, helpful and professional.   Overall a nice enough stay, but not worth the money and didn't live up to expectations.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Equal to it cost ,"I Was part of a networking event held here and stayed for 2 night the hotel it's self is lovely and very grand looking the staff we very helpful and couldn't do more for us, the food was very good at lunch and dinner I was impressed with are 3 course dinner a ghosts cheese starter beef dinner and a chocolate cheese cake was all 5* I will admit it's was all very expensive and if you have the money to burn you won't be disappointed also the breakfast was amazing loads to choose from and all good quality.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel....great gym ,"Stayed 1 night on business. Perfect location for theatres and Covent Garden. Expected more from the hotel/rooms. Had a very tired feel. Air con wouldn't work and the shower had one temperature - scolding hot! On the plus side, the gym is very impressive with a wide range of equipment. I also really enjoyed my meal in the restaurant. Would stay again if there was limited availability in other hotels only.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Good Night's Sleep in the West End,I have stayed at the Waldorf on a few occasions and the best aspect to me is the silence afforded by the layout of the hotel. I had a view overlooking the Aldwych but was not disturbed by traffic noise.   The breakfast is good although I have never dined at the restaurant in the evening.  I think that the Hilton should look at thoroughly revamping the front lobby area as it feels disconnected from the hotel by the stairs to reception.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service,"I have stayed in many Hilton hotels as I am a long time Hilton member. I have to say that the service in this hotel is impeccable. My mother, who needs a wheelchair, accompanied me on a trip to London. The hotel had a wheelchair readily available for her use. Each and every doorman helped her into the lift to go up the 6 steps from the door to the main floor. And each one ran to the top of the stairs to open the door when she arrived. We were always greeted warmly when we returned and asked about our day. The rooms were spacious and clean, and the location is fabulous. Many restaurants just outside the hotel, and several theaters right next door. The hop on hop off buses have a stop about 50 feet from the hotel. You can go anywhere in the city by simply walking out the front…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay great service,We stay here 4 nights while visiting London.  Great location to restaurants and Covent gardens area. We walked to a lot of attractions from here . Room was quiet and it had good water pressure . The building is old but most notable was the staffs service and attention to detail.  We had breakfast each morning at the hotel it was great.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay in style at the Waldorf,"I had the opportunity to stay at the Waldorf Hilton while studying abroad this past June. This hotel is fantastic-from the luxury rooms to tea time each afternoon. As an American student in London, England it was great to be able to experience the English culture. The Waldorf was in a great location where I was able to walk to most of the famous sites throughout the city. The staff was also very helpful when it came to planning my outings. If I had a question or wanted a recommendation about a restaurant, they were more than willing to help. If you are traveling to London and want a great experience, I would definitely recommend staying at the Waldorf Hilton!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Has had it's best days...,"This place - certainly preferable due to it's central location - probably has had it's best days. Every room seems to be different, due to the building's old architecture. So check what you get - it may vary a lot.  Otherwise nothing memorable in that place.....",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,special weekend ruined,"My wife and I have just celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary. To enjoy what we considered a special time we booked a weekend in London to see a show. Usually we would be looking at costs when considering hotels. On this occasion I wanted to treat her to something special so booked the Waldorf Hilton in London. After 4 hours travelling we checked in and looked forward to a nice bath,  unfortunately the water was lukewarm at best this included the sink,  so we had to shower which was hot enough but not what we wanted.  Went to the show and enjoyed our evening.  Next morning again attempted to have a bath but once again lukewarm water,  I honestly received better from the Premier Inn whilst working away from home.  We had breakfast which was buffet style again not what I expect…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Corporate,"This hotel is quite drab and the hallway ceilings are dirty with stains and cracks in, I was surprised to learn the reception had only been refurbished in the last few years. As for the service, this hotel is more for tourists and not at the standard for corporate business users. I would rather pay a little extra for one of the other local hotels.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Scissors,"I stayed at the Aldywich Hilton in Londin . I requested a small scissor for my nails. I was told that, according to their hotel policy, they could not let me have a scissor, even a small one, and if I wish to use one I have to go down to the reception. Yet, the hotel will happily provide you with a knife when you dine in the room. So, to avoid harm to yourself (presumably that is the reason not to provide even a small scissor in your room) you cannot have a small scissor in your room, you can have a knife ( presumably is you wish to harm yourself). Sorry, that is a logic that I failed to understand. Allow me to be clear, I requested a small not a large scissor. The duty manager to whom I addressed this issue simply insisted that it is hotel's policy, either you go to the…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Conference,Bizarre venue a bit run down with dirty toilets. Dont think i will ever get the opportunity to see the bedrooms as the experience of their conference organisation really put me off. And why do they employ someone in the cloakroom who cant really speak english?,Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It is a joke! The funniest part is at the end,"I still cannot believe if I am staying at the Waldorf Hilton. This is the first time in my life I am writing a review about a hotel since what I am having is unbelievable. I checked in my room. They gave me a smoking room but there was no ashtray in the room. I looked for slippers and there weren't any. It was no big deal. I called the reception to ask for an ashtray and slippers. Funnily enough nobody answered the phone and that was early afternoon. I then directly called the housekeeping. I told them I need ashtray and slippers. After waiting for 45 mins, I called them again and finally they brought me slippers and ashtray. The next morning I left my room around 9:30. The room has these buttons to indicate whether you want your room cleaned or not want to be disturbed. I…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
3262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Hotel is just 2min to covent garden. There is a tube station just over the Road. Hotel is close to all attractions.  Rooms are nice, clean no issues with them You can use the gym on the basement floor too. Its not cheep, you can expect to pay $300+. What was annoying is that they charge for the internet use in your room, about another $20 / day. Thats a rip off.   So, in summary super location for West end theatres, lots of excekent restuarants close by but better value hotels can be found in London for sure!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WiFi disconnects frequently,"We had to login multiple times per day, if you are inactive for more than 15 minutes as it was explained to me on final day of stay....hotel staff could not apologize enough.    Safety: Some bathroom showers have smooth tile and is very slippery, be careful.  Rooms were kept very clean by an exceptional staff and the concierge was great, hence the average rating.  Otherwise ""poor""",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, just ok","Recently stayed at the Waldorf Hilton using my Hilton points. Apart from location, ideal for Covent Garden and the Lyceum Theatre, room was nothing special. Chose not to eat in the hotel, better cheaper options in close proximity. As far as hilton hotels go it was just OK and I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again if I wasn't using my points. ",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Interesting stay and don't get fooled by the name,"Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over Easter weekend and my first shock was this wasn't a Waldorf Astoria branded hotel(my fault for not doing the right research, but the name is a little misleading).  There was a fire that happened around the corner from the hotel and knocked power out to a lot of businesses and when we checked in they had just re-opened a few hours before.  Had many issues during our stay, but I think because of my diamond status at Hilton, they were able to fix my issues in a different way.  The room was nice, the bathroom was great, the executive lounge was only good for breakfast, the other times I went in there, nothing that great that wanted me to partake in anything that was going on.  I felt some of the service people were a little uptight, but…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
3266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old hotel but well taken care of,"The location of the hotel is fantastic.  You're walking distance to the Temple stop and there are so many great restaurants and pubs in the area as well.  I think an under appreciated part of the hotel is that it's attached the LA Fitness so you have access to facilities that are way better than your average hotel.    The hotel buffet is acceptable, maybe a bit pricey, but it is London.  I didn't eat any other meals there as the offerings nearby are too good to pass-up.  Overall, good stay - rooms are decently sized for London and not horribly overpriced.  Also clean and well maintained despite the age of the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Stayed on a Sunday night, from the moment we arrived to checkout everything was perfect, Checkin was fast and front desk extremely friendly and polite. we had a room on 3rd floor and was big and spacious and very quiet. the was was really comfortable and had a good nights sleep. We also made use of the executive lounge and this was very good for afternoon tea and breakfast the following morning. Everything about our stay was perfect and would definitely stay here again and next time make use of the restaurant.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrific hotel,"Just returned home after a trip to London with an overnight stop at this hotel with Easton Coaches of Norfolk. Everything was well organised and excellent value for money. This hotel lives up to its reputation in every way, superb location, quiet, lovely staff. We ate in the restaurant in the evening 2 courses for £25. Absolutely spot on! Breakfast this morning was everything you could ask for. We are seasoned travellers and this is a top notch hotel, recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hilton Hotel,This hotel is lovely and you step out of the front door and walk round the corner and your in Covent Garden.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for a short stay. Although it is quite expensive for 1 night I think its average for London and location and the breakfast was one of the best I've ever had in a hotel.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,We went for a celebration but we're very disappointed with the hotel I don't think its a five star I think it's living off its name the staff were lovely and it was adequate but at 5* you expect some luxury and it didn't have it,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but not 5 Star Service,This is probably one of the best central locations for exploring London but it is not the same five star experience that you enjoy with Hilton in other cities. The size of the rooms are what you would expect for central London but they are very nicely furnished and well equipped.  The biggest disappointment was the service and it is the small things that stand out. Nobody to greet you at the door when I arrived with my family and we had to carry the bags to the reception. Waiting 20 minutes for our drinks at the bar. Limited room service and a Serrano ham baguette with 'non Serrano ham' that my 8 year old son could have prepared better.  In terms of value for money there are better 5 star experiences in London.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, very nice staff","Hotel is just 2min to covent garden. Hotel is close to all attractions. Our room was on 8th floor elevator goes up until 7th floor. Rooms are nice, clean , well decorated. I can recommend this hotel without any hesitation",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,our 2nd trip to this hotel and it was 100 times better that the first one which was a little disappointing. As we was a returning  guest we received complemtry fruit and dessert bowl with locally made lemonade. this was brought up to our room. food was fantastic as was the room and view will be going back.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unpleasant Experience,"This is not a cheap hotel so you would expect a reasonable level of service but our experience of this hotel was pretty poor.  On arrival in the early afternoon we were told the room was not ready, no problem we could leave the luggage and come back in an hour.  No assistance with the luggage was offered by the indifferent concierge who had more of the manner of East European Mafia than hotel staff.  An hour later we returned and were told the room was still not ready, no problem we adjourned to the bar for half an hour after which time the room was still not ready.  Eventually we did get the key to the room which was small even by London hotel standards.  We booked a table for dinner but at the allocated time no tables were available so it was back to the bar to wait again.  At…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Room was nice , bed comfortable, bathroom big , shower was really good. Downside no one replaced the teabags morning , no robes . Lots of banging and crashing during the day as we got back to the room. The staff were all very polite and seemed interested in you as a guest , we visited the executive lounge and breakfast was really good here , not as much on offer but everything you really want .",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay so often I forget how the nice the people are,"My family was recently back in London and my wife said….oh let's stay somewhere else….we always stay at the Waldorf.  I declined and reserved 2 rooms.  When we arrived the doorman who knows me well gave me my usually handshake and welcome, but when seeing my wife who had not been there in a year he gave her a huge hug to welcome her back.  Upon seeing my son (who has been there a few times) he remembered immediately that he likes football and the immediately starting to talk of the games.  That is why I stay here.  Treated like family.  The rooms were ready, clean and as expected.  The bar was nice as always.  Also a good location to walk the city and the tube is not that far away.  Always will stay there for business and pleasure.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great business hotel in central location,"I have stayed at a few 5 star hotels in London and they have often disappointed. This one didn't - it was handy for the tube, the room décor was of a good standard and the bed was very comfortable.  I was upgraded at check in which is always nice.   This would also be a great hotel to stay at if you were going to theatre and I'll certainly stay again for business or pleasure.    It's a shame though that there are still a lot of hotels that don't give their guests free Wifi.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, fantastic staff","Brilliantly located base for our 3 day family break with 2 young children. Very friendly and helpful staff and the standard of accommodation was very good. Dining in the hotel bar was very slow and the pool facilities could be better, but would thoroughly recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"Right in theatre land, easy walk to all attractions. The rooms are small but comfy, good shower and bath. Tea and coffee facilities and when you have used all your milk the reception gentleman was more than happy to re stock. Very clean and tidy hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand Old London West End Hotel,"The Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych in London town is our place to stay. I go often for business and the hotel is well located: in West End full of live theaters and good restaurants; next to Covent Garden shopping and tube station; taxis and bus stops everywhere; easy walk to King's College, Savoy Hotel. It is less expensive than the other modern, hip hotels just down the block and a standard room is on par with the Savoy, but we are treated like royalty by the staff and, again, the location is perfect for our business and recreational needs. Try it.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Better value elsewhere,"The location is great if you have business in Strand or Covent Garden. However, the hotel does not live up to its reputation as being 'The Waldorf' and does not provide value for money. Some rooms are great, but you can get just as good elsewhere for less. For my most recent stay I had an extremely small pokey room, with noise coming from a service entrance nearby.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, disappointing environment","We stayed in January 2015 for our Anniversary and my Hubby's birthday.  I couldn't wait to actually see inside the iconic hotel; we felt so posh!  Wonderful greeting from the staff, who were especially helpful with directions to sites we were seeing during the visit.   Inside the rather cramped room, we found a lovely 'happy birthday' cake to share. That said, the decor was very old and shoddy. The second worst room we've had at a Hilton - and they are rare in my experience.   The bathroom was mainly marble, which in the UK means very cold feet! The toilet cubicle (very small!) was inside the bathroom itself, and was not up to Hilton standards in my opinion. Particularly as the window in there was left open and residents nearly got a full view of me 'on the throne'!!  Breakfast…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5* cleaning,"I would have liked to contact you by e-mail instead of having to share this with everyone but cannot see an e-mail address on your website. My husband and I stayed 1 night Sunday 5th April as part of Wilfreda tour. My first impressions of the hotel were good and our room 418 was lovely and well equipped. However in the morning whilst dressing I accidently pushed the bed and was horrified to find a used condom underneath. I reported this to reception and also to the Manager on duty. They both apologised and said they would report it to Housekeeping. The Manager did offer an upgrade on a room next time I visit, but who would want to rush back after this!!  I think this could have been dealt with better.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cannot believe this is a Hilton hotel,To be honest we had a lovely meal here but the room that apparently we were upgraded to room E17 must have once been a cupboard! The tiny window which had frosted glass was only 30cms wide! And to think we were upgraded to this room as it was Easter... I complained and was moved a room on the second floor that was supposed to be a lovely room.. It was slightly bigger with a bigger window that looked out to a brick wall about a metre away! I cannot believe that this is part of the Hilton group.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, very helpful staff",The hotel in centrally located and the staff are very helpful. We had a very enjoyable 4 day break at the hotel. The only area that needs some improvement is that parts of the hotel need updating.  I would also highly recommend the executive lounge.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spectacular .....,"Spent one night at the hotel and was blown away by the service, level of facilities.  Had eaten at Homage before but not stayed at the hotel.  Very impressed with our room (802) - very clean, well fitted out, beautiful bathroom, comfortable bed. The executive lounge is very good -- small but nice. Afternoon tea and the Canapés were good.  The Guest Relations Manager (Argyro Apergi) was amazing. Spectacular service and a real asset to the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You expect more because of the name,"The hotel is ok, you expect more because of the name but the hotel is typical of a lot of london chain hotels, space saved at every opportunity on a room and on the extras that make a trip worth while.  The hotel is in a great location and is why many stay here and you cannot fault that, but for the money paid, you do sometimes expect more",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just lovely,This hotel know how to look after you! Got upgraded to a lovely room but all rooms are lovely here! The valet service is brilliant and the concierge and reception team are very helpful. Breakfast in the room was spot on and the service in the bar was good. A special hotel located perfectly for a visit to London. ,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Visit to London,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 2 nights during a recently concluded business trip to London. Decent hotel at the heart of the city. Most of the city attractions are at walking distance. We choose to stay at this hotel as it was close to our place of work in London. Even though it was expensive and supposed to be highly rated and recommended, other that the friendly staff, I did not find it all that great. The food at the morning breakfast was mediocre, no hot servings under vegetarian spread at all. Water was leaking from the roof of the restaurant and the staff had to keep buckets to collect the falling water. This was there on both days that I had breakfast in the restaurant. Even though we had pre-booked our rooms, I and one of my colleague were assigned a room on the 8th…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant visit,"We visited The Waldorf for afternoon tea.  The Waldorf is a traditional hotel and on arrival we were given a friendly welcome.  We were greeted at reception, our coats taken (2 coats hung on one hanger & crammed onto a rail).  The service was good.  There was sandwiches, scones, cakes & good choice of teas to choose from. The fillings in the sandwiches were stingy & not terribly exciting.  The cream that came with the scones was enough for one scone, yet there was 8 scones for 4 of us.  They do not ask if you would like additional sandwiches or tea unlike the fabulous hotel at 150 Piccadilly in London. The ladies tiolet had not been checked or cleaned by late afternoon & was in need of attention.  The Waldorf was on my bucket list but I wouldn't visit again",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,It's the Waldorf hotel - I was excited! Sadly everything about it was just meh - from check in to check out I was left feeling underwhelmed! Don't get me wrong it's not a bad hotel it's just not 5 star. What made it worse was the air con unit outside the room which was incessantly noisy! I don't think the rooms are 5 star- I've stayed in 4stars better than this! Sadly I ended up wishing I'd spent the small fortune I paid for the night on a 4star,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,average Waldorf in good location,"classic hotel with good location, very good and trendy bar but average hotel. efficient check-in and allowed late check-out. room was standard. old towels and bathrobes. price was OK in an expensive city like London. location is good. walking distance to the theatres and Covent Garden. may have better alternatives with the same price.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Perfect location right in the middle of the west end. Staff were friendly and attentive. The room was lovely and spacious, I was particularly impressed with the shower! It was very very warm and the air con didn't seem to make a difference. Other than that I was impressed. On the pricey side but well worth it for the location.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Do not waste your money...like I did. Nothing to miss. Very substandard. To think that you pay for 5 star and the room, food, atmosphere is basic. You have to complain just to get noticed and even then I couldn't cancel my reservation.                              ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Prime West End location,"We were going to a show at the Aldwych Theatre so had our second stay here in the past couple of years. I had booked the hotel directly through its website, which entitled me to two benefits. One was a discount of £20 on food and drink when you spend £40; the other was an option to upgrade the room at a pre-arranged rate. We took advantage of both. The bar discount was well worth it, though with the room upgrade (from Queen Hilton Room Plus to Queen Deluxe Plus) I didn't feel I was getting anything extra, unless the Queen Hilton rooms are very small indeed. I also find it irksome that wi-fi isn't freely available in upscale London hotels. Even Premier Inn with their £29/night deals give you 30 minutes free wi-fi. The hotel location can't be faulted, it looks splendid from the…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Stayed here last Sunday after travelling on an organised trip which included afternoon tea.  Extremely disappointing experience, we were expecting china and cutlery etc however it was chunky unmatching, paper packets of sugar, insufficient cutlery.  We were seated in what felt like an overflow room, uncleared tables on the lower area of the room which had little ambience.  At one point a group of tourists were shown into the room! The food felt 'processed' was of low standard. Breakfast was marginally better. The room however was very clean.  Again though, a plate instead of a saucer and no enlish tea bags. Would not return.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,W/E in london,The best overnight stay in London we have had in a long time. we could not fault the Hotel and the service we where given so we will certainly use this hotel again for probably a longer stay and if all the Hilton Hotels are as good as this we may use them also in the future.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beyond disappointed!!!,"Had a short stay at the Waldorf Hilton on sat 28 March. At check in we were offered a free complimentary upgrade as it was my wife's 30th, FANTASTIC, I thought and what a nice gesture.........NOT SO much!!!   Opened the door to room 232 only to be greeted by the smell of raw sewage!!! And the lingering thought of ""if this is the upgraded room then was the other room a wardrobe with a pillow?""   Staff at the front desk ensured me that this smell was temporary and being investigated...........er no it wasn't! It was constant and vile, after another phone call I asked if we could switch rooms even if I had to pay a little extra as it was a special occasion only to be told they were now fully booked and they couldn't do anything other than make maintenance aware of the issue!!  …",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Decent,"My husband and I enjoyed our stay, though the stay was average. We enjoyed the Executive Lounge very much, satff was friendly and accomodating.  The lobby staff are stuffy, not friendly. We were recommended to use the Convent Garden Tube Station nearby. It is an Exit station only since February 2015 until November 2015. The Hotel staff was not aware, and we had to walk to Holborn Tube Station. That is no problem, though it would have been nice to know in advance, since our stay was at the end of March, 2015.  In regards to amenities, a small fridge to use in the room would have been nice.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Skills 5 star luxury break,Just back from an amazing stay.  Afternoon tea was an experience worth doing. Room was immaculate and very big. Staff went out their way to help especially Ted the doorman who hD a wealth of knowledge and assisted us so much. Our only negative thing was seeing a mouse run along in the lobby.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding hotel,"I just returned from my second stay at the Waldorf Hilton.  If anything, the hotel gets better each time that I go.  It is a traditional English hotel with lots of details, both in the public areas and in the rooms.  The rooms are not the cookie cutter ones that are many, if not most, hotels these days. I was fortunate to get a King Hilton Executive Plus room. It was spacious with all the details that anyone could hope for, including a walk-in closet.The bathroom was larger than many hotel rooms that I have stayed at in England, Needless to say the room was extremely clean.  And the service from anyone with whom I interacted - from the doorman, the front desk staff, the bellmen and the Executive lounge staff were polite, helpful and friendly.  Amongst the staff, I would like to…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"The hotel was amazing and the staff were very helpful. The concierge staff were amazing, they helped out wherever possible. Very Central Location near to everything. The hotel provided umbrellas for the poor weather, the taxis were outside the door, the luggage was taken to and from our room and was left in the lobby when checking out. the breakfast is amazing, massive variety. food and drink venues very near by and tubes really close. nightlife  and casinos literally round the corner.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding anniversary,"Just got home after spending four nights celebrating our wedding anniversary, missing The Waldorf already. Great friendly professional staff from arrival to departure, in a wonderful iconic hotel. We stayed in a room located on the 2nd floor with access to the executive lounge, which was great to chill out in but we also used the main room for breakfast where the service was also 1st class. Our room was clean and tidy as you would expect, and as it was situated to the rear it was so peaceful and quite with no road traffic noise. Finally, great location! It's on the doorstep of Covent Garden and we were able to hop on the tour bus right outside! The Waldorf, a credit to London, can't wait to get back!!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good atmosphere but disappointing tea,"My husband, son and I booked afternoon tea here in January as a treat for our son's graduation. We managed to get a 2 for 1 deal via Amazon and it was just as well as 3x full price would not have been good value. Although the service and ambience was as you would expect at a top class London hotel, with piano accompaniment, the food was sadly below par. The finger sandwiches were floppy, obviously not freshly made, the scones were cold and the cakes were mediocre. The choice of teas though was very good and coffee was provided for my husband, not a tea drinker. Unfortunately The Waldorf did not match the afternoon teas I have had at other London hotels on this occasion.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok Hotel(Don't waste money on Exec Lounge),"This hotel itself is nice and modern. The rooms are spacious with lovely bathrooms. We had access to the Executive Club, which at certain times of the day was so busy, we couldn't even get a seat and had to stand with many others. The area is fairly small compared to the size of the hotel and they certainly pack you in. The food offering in the lounge has to be one of the worst we have ever encountered. Poor choice and very few items. Considering the price you pay, this was unacceptable(so bear this in mind when thinking about upgrading your room). The service was very mediocre and at times appalling. We ordered late night room service to be ""greeted"" by an awful attitude. When our food arrived, some of the items stated on the menu were missing(and others in very stingy…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A TREAT AND RELAXATION AFTER A THEATRE TRIP,"A great hotel which is very relaxing after a theatre trip of whenever you want to visit.  Always good to have a tray of tea or a drink and unwind.  Lovely surroundings.  Only one tiny moan, which is nothing really, but after ordering a tray of tea I asked for scones and the waitress did not understand English ( she told me this ) and asked me what a scone was and to describe it! Not good in a hotel serving afternoon teas. Poor girl, she should have been trained better, not her fault, and only a minor niggle.An enjoyable experience",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for theatres and shows,"very good, comfortable and clean and very comfortable beds. A bit expensive particularly for breakfast, so look for offers. In a great area by Covant Garden close to many places to get meals etc.   Ideal for those special occasions",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent return visit,"I returned to the Waldorf Hilton on a recent trip to London, this time with my husband.  It is a great option if (like me) you need to be close to the theater district, the city, and the London School of Economics--could not be more convenient.  We were able to walk to most of our destinations, and when we needed to go across town to Mayfair or Kensington it was easy to catch the Underground. This trip we were fortunate to secure an executive room with access to the executive lounge.  The lounge is a lovely space and adds great value, offering a buffet breakfast, afternoon tea, and drinks and snacks in the early evening.   Our room was a nicely appointed junior suite with a large, very clean, bathroom.  Staff were friendly and helpful. The only negatives were breakdowns in…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"great service, as always","This is a lovely hotel, convenient for theatre and sightseeing. Rooms are always spacious and well equipped...but treat yourself to an executive room or suite if possible....they are superb. Service is always great. One of those days, I shall get around to trying out the swimming pool area! The bus for the Albert Hall leaves from this street, another plus!!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Undergoing Renovations.  3 star rating a blend of 2 stars for Renovation noise; 4 stars otherwise,"If you are out and about during the daytime, then this is a value for you. Ideally located on Aldwych in Covent Garden, this Hotel has comfort, enough amenities and charm to make for a pleasant stay in a great pedestrian section.   However, if you are counting on sleep or quiet in your room, look elsewhere until the renovations are complete. Constant drilling from mid morning until Mid afternoon. Regular, constant, vibrating type drilling.  Tried changing rooms / floors/ sides of hotel... its seemed to follow me.   Well trained staff acted like i was the first to bring this to their attention. They did what they could.   Great location.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So Lovely!,"As someone who likes watching theater productions, this has one of the best locations in London. Right smack in the west-end and in front of a bus stop, this area is hard to miss. Right beside the hotel was a production of Mamma Mia and a few walks inside would take you to Leicester Square where the TKTS booth is located.   The breakfast buffet gives a traveler a fine taste of that famed English Breakfast. Wonderful pastries and Chelsea breads and some sausage and beans and eggs. The dining area gives you that feeling of grandeur with those fancy chandeliers and colonnades.  The rooms are well appointed. Beds were of fine quality and the sheets were soft. All in all, a fine grand hotel that gives you that ultimate feeling of being in London. As Londoners would say, Quite Lovely!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Things are happening at the Waldorf,"I have stayed several times at the Waldorf over the years and was never disappointed. This time I had a nice and spacious twin room. Due to the ongoing refurbishment work (they work till 5 p.m.) I asked to be moved to a more quieter room as I wanted to work in my room in the afternoon and I got another room without any problems. The rooms are nice but a bit dated but they are now refurbishing so they do something about it. The bathroom was clean and shower was very good. The Waldorf is central to theatres and good restaurants. Having said that, I had dinner several times at their own restaurant it food was excellent. The breakfast offers a very good selection of hot and cold food and service is friendly and quick. The concierge are very friendly and knowledgeable and give good…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great location near Covent Garden,"The Waldorf is a building with character ideally located for London's theatre land, Covent Garden and the West End generally. Bedroom are comfortable and well equipped, without being ultra-luxurious. The staff are friendly and helpful. Service at breakfast we found to be a bit slow, but the selection of food was excellent.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel & amazing location!,"We stayed here for a 2 day trip & it was amazing! We are very glad we chose this hotel. First, it is in a great location & central to many attractions. The hotel is beautiful & had an amazing staff. The concierge was very helpful with securing us a great price on some last minute theatre tickets. The rooms were well appointed with nice furnishings and the beds very comfortable. The rooms were a little small, but that was to be expected in a historic building in a large city. The location was fantastic for easy access to the underground,Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Piccadilly Circus, the theatre district & more. We would not hesitate to stay here again. ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff and location,"My wife and I travelled to London as part of our 5th wedding anniversary celebration.  I chose the Waldorf because I used Hilton Honors points for the stay.  I didn't expect much as I knew I was traveling using points instead of paying cash, but boy was I in for a surprise.  When we arrived, the Guest Relations Manager, Argyro, came out to welcome us.  She congratulated us on our anniversary trip and then escorted us to our room.  She upgraded us to an Executive King and gave us free access to the Executive Lounge.  I was so impressed with her professionalism and generosity.  Argyro made our stay incredibly memorable.  Beyond that, the hotel stay was excellent.  The restrooms were newly renovated and quite large.  The Exec Lounge really came in handy with free breakfast and…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London with Family,"Hotel in good location for theatres and shops, good gym and swimming pool on lower ground floor. Executive rooms include light refreshments and breakfast. Friendly staff, could recommend and hopefully will stay again",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, very friendly staff","This hotel is one I've frequented multiple times on business and has always been a favourite of mine. If you're thinking of staying here definitely make sure you book far in advance to make sure you get the best deal. The staff here are ever so friendly and always willing to help. The rooms, even the most basic like I stayed in are of a good size and to a high standard. There's free access to the gym which I think is great, even though I didn't get time to use the facilities on this stay. My only annoyance was that I'd asked for a breakfast voucher (that I was offered upon check in at a discounted price - cheaper than just deciding I wanted breakfast there on the day), they said they would deliver it to my room, but I never received this so I mentioned this on check out and they…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good central location for theatre and Covent Garden,"Stayed for one night arrived at 11am, rooms were not ready but was not expected to be. Took our baggage into storage and this allowed us the freedom to see London. Ver6Once we got onto the rooms, there were clean and well maintained. Shower was excellent, plenty of power. I had left my booking voucher on the check in desk along with the theatre tickets but I realised this about 10 mins before we went out. Whilst I was concerned, arrival at check in desk was allayed as they had placed them on the shelf. From the start to finish I cannot compliment the staff on their welcoming attitude and friendliness. Good place to stay If I had a downside there was not a great deal of room in the bar when we came back after the theatre to have a nightcap",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,theatre break,"Stayed at this hotel for theatre weekend break. Had executive room executive lounge access, this made the break as we had free drink & snacks when we wanted. Very nice staff all very happy to do all they could make sure stay comfortable. Don't moan at cost of bar prices as this is good 5 star hotel. Very good location for most shows, walking distance.keep up good work Hilton hotels.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central and historical,The location of the Waldorf is close to Lincoln Fields Inn and Covent Garden. There are 2 tube stations nearby Holborn and Covent Garden (exit only until November) that are on the Piccadilly line for a direct ride to Heathrow. Rooms are spacious by London standards and the staff efficient.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Flawless!,"A beautiful hotel in a fantastic location, only two minutes from Covent Garden! The staff were flawless and the bedroom was immaculate! I'd recommend having a drink in the hotel bar as the surroundings are beautiful. The hotels ballroom is just as breathtaking and the rest of the building.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Cocktails, average food, bland atmosphere","My wife and I visited last week on a groupon voucher for the cocktail masterclass and two course meal.  I must say the cocktail class was very entertaining and the person Michael I believe was talented entertaining friendly and welcomed us with a big smile, just what we expected from a world class hotel, however this is where the experience ended.  After cocktail making, we were led to the restaurant, I understand there are several in the hotel, so it is only correct to describe the one we dined in, it was rather large with Roman/Greek  decor, two large chandeliers with horrible led bright white bulbs, and scant decoration.  Not much to say about he food, I found it below par for a hotel of this standing, the rolls were offered after we had started our first course, however with…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great part of town,"A (very) short walk to Covent Garden and the West End makes this hotel extremely well located. It has so much of the old school feel left- more than it's New York twin. We had a 'junior suite' which was well laid out, comfortable and bigger than we expected (though we hadn't expected much, given London hotel room sizes). Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was terrific. Staff were friendly and helpful.   We stay in a lot of Hilton and this was the first one that really had that real sense of style. Loved it.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good staff","We stayed in a suite for a midweek theatre break as a change from Park Lane where we usually stay. We were impressed. Our room was of a very decent size for London, had a comfy bed, nice lounge and beautifully appointed bathroom. Almost all staff were superb, especially those in the Executive Lounge which was a real oasis in the hotel. We also enjoyed the bar after the show. The location on Aldwych is superb and so handy for all that London has to offer. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Recommended *****,Having just recently stayed here was just amazing!!!! It was a suprise treat  from my husband for my 50th birthday ... They asked my husband was our stay a celebration and because it was we were given a bottle of complimentary wine .. That was a lovely gesture and thank you ... Rooms clean and comfortable and staff pleasant and helpful :):),Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not excellent but still very good service,"I stayed three nights at the Waldorf Hilton, Executive Room with my mother. The Hotel is located conveniently, nearby the tube station Covent Garden (Attention! Until November 2015, you can only get off at that station due to constructions!) and Leicester Square and if you are an opera/musical/theatre enthusiasts, you should definitely stay there! Our room #106 was clean and spacious, it had a separate walk-in closet where we could store our luggage, clothes and shoes. The mini bar, an electric kettle, tea, instant coffee, biscuits and the safe was also placed there. (However, we had to use a different plug socket to boil the water since the one at the mini bar was not working.) The bathroom had only one sink and the toiletries were only prepared for one person but we got more…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as nice as other Waldorf Properties but still very good,"Great Location on the strand footsteps from Covent Garden and Lion King theatre, this hotel is very nice with lovely staff, the executive lounge is intimate but has no windows so you feel a bit claustrophobic, the pool belongs to the independent gym next door and it isn't good. The Restaurant, bars and breakfast area are lovely, it doesn't have the wowness of the Waldorf Astoria New York or Berlin however its very nice and great location.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Dream Weekend,"We spent a night at the Waldorf last weekend and were lucky enough to be upgraded to an executive room. This was particularly welcome as we had come to London to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. This venerable hotel lives up to its reputation. The staff are very helpful and even though we turned up more than an hour before the normal check-in time, we were given our room right away. And a great room it was with lots of space, two large TV screens and a large bathroom. With an executive room comes free access to the executive lounge where we had free afternoon snacks and a lovely breakfast.   The location of the Waldorf is perfect for the West End theatres and the Opera House. Being an old building, there are quirks, like lots of steps from one level to another on the same…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,JUST SO LOVELY!,"This is a lovely hotel in a prime location The Waldorf is ideally situated for Theatre land, Covent Garden,  St Paul's Cathedral,  Big Ben and even Tower Bridge. The staff at the Waldorf are the best!! Nothing is too much trouble and each and every one of them treated us like we were royalty! We had a really superb breakfast too!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spacious Room & Accommodating Staff,"Because of a previous mishap with a leaky radiator a year earlier, the manager kindly upgraded our room to a spacious and much-appreciated suite. We liked that the bathroom was quite large and the room had many outlets. In general, the hotel is in a decent location but about a 10-minute walk to the nearest tube station (visited when the Covent Garden station was partly closed). It pays to be a Hilton Honors Member because we got to enjoy wonderful breakfasts in a trendy lounge. My only critical comment was that the concierge acted a little stuffy when I asked for suggestions about High Tea in London. However, he was able to make same-day reservations at The Savoy for us, which was helpful.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Customer service,"I met my expectation in your hotel as i was spending time with my wife. it was great location and friendly staff. we were warmly welcome from your Guest Relation manager and  was really helpful to escorting us our bed room, that we felt gave us real care of your guest and brilliant hospitality. We will defiantly make our next stay in your hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"We stayed at the Waldorf for my husbands birthday in an Executive Room which included access to the Executive lounge.  The check in was easy, quick and the staff friendly.   The decor of the hotel is tasteful with beautiful rows of chandeliers in the reception & lounge area. We decided to upgrade to one of the newly refurbished rooms and were very pleased with our decision.  The room (124) was spacious, light & comfortable.  The executive lounge is very pleasant & we enjoyed a pre-dinner drink there as well as having breakfast the next morning. It was nice to have check out at 12 as we took our time after breakfast so we felt very relaxed. We would definitely stay again.   ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We called into the Waldorf for cocktails before a theatre performance.  I'm afraid I can't comment on the cocktails we ordered because after waiting for over half an hour and seeing persons being served before us (who entered the bar and ordered well after us)  we had to enquire when we would be likely to receive our drinks.  I should add the bar area was not particularly busy and there were empty tables and 3 members of staff.   After a further 10 minutes and still no sign of any drinks we had to leave, the staff did not seem to care and we received no apology.  It's a shame as this experience means that we would not return.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Theatre break,"We have stayed here several times for theatre breaks as it is ideally situated and walkable to everywhere. Nice being so close to the river. It has a pool and gym, run independently from the Hilton. The pool was nice, dimly lit and if you're lucky enough to have it to yourselves,  a great way to unwind. Nice touch was a bottle of Prosecco waiting in the room.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, but I expected more","This is my second stay at this hotel. Both times on business. I picked the hotel for the brand, past experience at other Hilton brand hotels and the points of course.  This experience was different then the first time, and i paid attention to more detail. Overall, i will likely be back, but there is room for improvement.  Check-in & Hotel personnel: No problems here. Entire staff is very friendly and attentive. I arrived at noon and was not given a room right-away. The hotel was not fully booked and per experience of all my co-workers travelling to London, they usually get the room upon arrival at other hotels (APEX, Club Quarters to name a few). This was a bit disappointing but not a major issue.  I did have an issue with the room when i got back in the evening. Their room…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,Yet again we had a wonderful stay at the waldorf. It is perfectly positioned for the west end and the theatre goers. The staff as always can not do enough to help and seem to be allowed to use common sense when issues arise and are not limited to a script. I would always recommend staying in a room that allows access to the executive lounge as this provides such good value with its daily afternoon tea and evening savouries and free bar. Only one minor issue this time our room was a little too warm even with the air con on full. We know doubt will return.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A nice hotel, but expected more","Stayed one night in a pleasant and very clean room.  Disappointing that we wanted a drink in the bar after an evening out but it was full, so we were seated in the lobby area. The bar had also ran out of Sauvignon blanc which was a little surprising, so we ended up treating ourselves to champagne.   Breakfast was a little disappointing as we were on the continental option. We had to ask for coffee. To top it all off there was a private function when we went to check out and we could not walk from the lift to the desk with our suitcases due to crowds about 10 deep. Seriously!  Wish I could give a better review.  To be fair I have been offered 20% off our next stay.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay,"Comfortable luxurious rooms in historic hotel. Lovely dining roomk with fantastic breakfast. Try the Eggs Benedict or Eggs Florentine as a (free) extra! One tip - ask for a room at the back of the hotel - the front is on Aldwych and the traffic is incessant all night! Fabulous central location, great for Covent Garden.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"I went yesterday for afternoon tea with my mother, I brought a voucher from buy a gift costing £39  Which is about £60 cheaper that it I gotdirect,I also thought that it was not even worth the £39. When we got there the doorman was leaning on the side and shouting to someone across the street, at reception we were given vague directions on where to go,  We were seated quickly and served almost straight away the champagne which was lovely,  We were asked if we wanted tea and was served this and the finger sandwiches which we were not told what they were the bread was bland and no better than supermarket  The ham in one sandwich was no better that the cheap stuff you get in a supermarket, te rest of the fillings were bland.  The cakes came and we were told what these were, but…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An icon,Stayed here a few times and always a great customer experience. It's hard for a hotel this iconic and this size to fulfill expectations but it has everything you think you want and is stylish enough not to care if you don't like it. A hotel that's happy in its skin.....,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our favourite hotel,"My husband and I have gone to London two or three times a year for a one or two night stay every year for the past 40 years, and until a few years ago, we always stayed at different hotels.  That was until we tried the Waldorf.  We liked it so much, we have gone back there every time since.  The hotel has all the atmosphere and facilities of a really good hotel without being stuffy.  It is near to a lot of theatres and a short walk from Convent Garden.  We usually book an excecutive room and enjoy the facilities of the executive lounge.  The staff are warm and friendly and very professional and staying at this hotel is a lovely experience in every way.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One Night Suite Treat!,"I booked a room for one night at the Waldorf Hilton as a treat for the wife and I as we had been bought dinner at the ""Homage"" restaurant on the ground floor. Booking was simple and easy via the Hotel Website and the price wasn't too bad during a sale. After booking a room, you have the option to upgrade for a fixed £50 if there is an upgrade available. Having done this before at a Hilton, I did it again and was not disappointed! We were allocated a Suite on the 4th Floor (Room 441) and it was huge! We had a separate lounge, huge bathroom and huge bedroom. The room had everything you could need or want or expect in a posh hotel. I used the Valet parking and our bags were taken to our room. After a short rest, I explored the hotel. The suite gave us access to the Executive…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Loved this hotel, room was nice bathroom spacious. We stayed one night for my husbands birthday, hotel was in a great location for theatre and restaurants. Our one complaint was the bar, we waited 15 minutes to be served when we said that we felt we were being ignored the waiter apologised and took our order 15 minutes later we still did not have our drinks we gave up at this point and went somewhere else for our cocktails.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The waldorf hilton,"Arrived early 6th march 10-15am, concierge was quick to help with luggage and valet park my car (£49)........check in was swift and room ready ( bonus!), upraded to a double double room from a twin room due to diamond Hilton honors status . The hotel is in a very good location close to Covent garden and central London.......we walked everywhere and returned for afternoon tea in the exec lounge, this was as nice as any other lounge ive used, I found the chocolate scones unusual  but great!. I also used the pool, sauna and steam room.....whilst these could do with a lick of paint I found them to be very relaxing after walking around London all day. In the eve we used the lounge again for the evening canapé selection and I have to say this is the best ive ever seen at a…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I think they forgot what hospitality means,"Being a Diamond and now a Gold HHonors member I obviously stay in a lot of hiltons and have for many years. We had a bunch of issues with this hotel and when we asked for help everyone was rude.  I used points for this stay and it was a waste of points, I should have stayed at a number of other Hilton properties like I have in the past with much better service and less attitude.   Upon check in the front office clerk had no idea about what benefits a Gold member gets.  When asked ""is there breakfast included"" her response was ""I think so,"" not so reassuring and we checked in at the HHonors counter.  You would think they would know what on site property benefits there were.  We did not go to breakfast because we did not know if were were going to be charged or not and didn't want…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Be Aware When Planning a Wedding Here,"That you are in central London............ the hotel is open to anyone walking in off the street...   The venue is stunning, our guests had a wonderful time, BUT a random in the front bar was racially abusive to one of our guests, lots of our belongings INCLUDING our gifts and cards, my bouquet and two large bouquets meant for the Mums were stolen and the hotel couldn’t care any less, they blamed the caterer, the cater blamed them, we are gutted. We woke in the morning, to find that everything left over from the wedding, which we were told would be “stored” in a separate room, was strewn across the room, and we ended up having to sift through it and pick out everything that hadn’t been stolen or binned already. Very sad, and disappointing.. once your wedding is over they are on…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, staff and food","From the moment we arrived the staff looked after us, they were polite and friendly. Afternoon tea was fab, the sandwiches were so fresh. The breakfast was one of the best I've had in London, it was a little pricey £22 each but was worth it due to the quality of meat, fruit and cakes. The room was lovely, good size, bath tub was big but be carful as it was slippery.  Hotel bar was nice and relaxing! Drinks were well priced for London. We made use of the free gym pass at LA fitness gym, didn't open until 9:30am but not the hotels fault. Overall we had a great stay, good location and would recommend it to others.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Terrible,  give it a miss.","Where to start....  Shabby decor,  dated and dirty. Pompous staff,  but not all. Had to question for  breakfast and then it was poor. The steam room is actually draughty. The pool has damp,  dirty floors and plaster and wall paper peeling off the wall. Air-conditioning in the room did not work. The room was very hot. The pool must be 8ft wide at best so don't be fooled by the photos.  I travel..... A lot,  and was wholly disappointed with this place,  seriously,  book a premier travel in,  travelodge, bed sit,  anything really,  sub £60 then you will be in the realms of where this hotel should be.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
3349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice food but average by all other standards","Stayed here for 4 nights. What I liked about the place was its location and the food. Both were perfect. But overall service was just average and not anywhere closer to Hilton standards. My booking was done in advance but when I reached at the hotel, the receptionist didn't no which room was assigned to me. She took like 15 minutes to decide where to put me. The room sizes were okay but they were incomplete. First of all they had a wardrobe for namesake but didn't have any place to put your stuff coz they have filled it up with mini bar, crockery etc... So you end up living in your bags. There were no sleepers in the room. The house keeping was never available on the phone ... You keep in calling them for 10 mins and finally some one from reception will help you pass through the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand cakes and tea...,"We had a lovely afternoon here. The service was friendly. We had 2 rounds of tea and sandwiches.  Sandwiches may have been made for a while and left out, both batches a tad dry and really tight on filling. The cakes on the other hand were great and the teas really special.  We had a voucher which made it good value. Full price for what we had may be pushing it, merely let down by the sandwiches...",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely food and service awful room,"My niece treated her mum and me to an overnight stay with breakfast and afternoon tea. We are ladies in our 70's. We were well received had lovely afternoon tea and lovely breakfast next morning but what a let down the £300 per night room was it looked ok at first glance but I took pictures of the bathroom ceiling which was falling down over the shower, the toilet roll holder was loose and a few tiles had been replaced around it the tiles in the bathroom were all white and the replaced tiles were cream.The plug of one of the bedside lamps was badly broken ,the standard lamp was broken at the top of stand and leaning over at an angle and the curtains were a mess and not even a pair they had a blue stripe down the edge and the stripe was on the left hand side of both instead of a…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central location,"We were on a 2 day coach break so were not expecting to be treated like full paying guests. But we were wrong.  Door opened for us, very friendly staff and lovely room.  No view from the window but it didn't matter.  The hotel is in such an excellent location.  Close to Covent Garden and The Thames.  No need for public transport. Breakfast included everything we wanted, although I suspect the Rice Krispies were from Lidl rather than Kellog's!   A very pleasant experience.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointingly ordinary & not 5* quality,"My husband had booked an overnight stay here as a birthday treat but we did not consider it met the criteria of a 5 star hotel. The check-in staff were polite but lacking any warmth or real interest and we were given no information about the facilities on arrival. We stayed in a refurbished queen plus guest room which was small but clean and comfortable-adequate for a short stay. It was strange to find dressing gowns, which incidentally were rather old and fraying, without a set of slippers and the towels were not soft and fluffy as you would expect but rather old.  The breakfast tables were pretty bare, no fresh flower or something to make one feel it was a pleasure to be there. One had to ask for butter as there was none out, the salt and pepper pots were old and worn, the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great food, awful service.","I came to afternoon tea 3 years ago which was perfect so as a special treat my mum booked us in to the restaurant to dine. Firstly I would like to point out that I work in hospitality and the top hotels in the country so I do notice minor things. Although I'm aware the Waldorf is part of the Hilton there were things which were u noticed or ignored that I would expect in a hotel and restaurant. We arrived early so decided to go to the bar for a drink before our meal. First there was no where to sit so we just assumed we could stand at the bar. After being ignored by both staff members behind the bar, who didn't even acknowledge we were there, it wasn't until I over heard another member say it was table service only. A table became available so we sat ourselves down, it took 5…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"I give 3 stars just because of the location. It is right in the centre of everything in London.   The hotel is tired although it has been renovated in recent years. Hotel lobby looks like a 3star hotel. The bed was too soft for my liking. I am aware that we are in central London, I have lowered my expectation in terms of room size. But I was still disappointed to find out how small the rooms were. You can tell the room layout was not design for modern hotels: bathroom takes the large chunk of the room, and everything else felt like being placed around the toilet just to suit the room. The dresser was cornered between the wardrobe and the wall; however no lighting was available at the corner for you be able to use the dresser. Overall, the room was very awkwardly designed.  …",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Prime location, good hotel","I travel to London several times a year for business and now always stay at the Waldorf.  I have stayed in numerous other locations in London, Leicester Square, Hyde Park, Mayfair, Canary Wharf, etc.  I find the Waldorf, and its location to be the best, with easy access to the Underground, walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden, etc.    While the lower priced rooms may be a bit small, most have been updated and upgrades will get you good sized rooms for downtown London.  The service is good and the rooms are clean.  Importantly for business travelers, the rooms have a good number of well-placed electrical outlets, including one over the desk that will accommodate US plugs. The in-room wifi is reliable.  I found the wifi in the Executive Lounge to…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but needs a boost,"Stayed for a three night long weekend in a Queen Guest Room plus. The hotel is 5 star, and while the facilities probably warrant the rating, there is no real “Wow” factor to it. The location is fantastic for Covent Garden and Theatreland, and the staff were generally friendly and helpful. The room was fairly small (not unusual for Central London), but the bathroom was relatively large.   We did have a couple of housekeeping issues. Firstly, we found a stain on the duvet, which looked quite old, the cups in room had not been washed properly since the previous occupancy. Neither is a massive issue, but not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. When Housekeeping knocked on the door and asked if everything was OK, we mentioned these points, and the lady apologised, but the…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Phah,"breakfast was great.....everything else undercooked - three staff members tried to get in the room in 24 hrs, sorry did I say room, cupboard. Charging for wifi is punchy and who are all those stilettoed chicks loitering in the foyer....oh! ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's a Hilton! But a top one! ,"Stayed here for a 5th wedding anniversary treat. Very close to theatre district and the shopping of Covent Garden. Walking very easy but no shortage of taxis right outside. This is an historic hotel but quite simply taken over and made into a Hilton! Corridors require some attention as seem a bit tired but can not fault the room, reception, bar and restaurant. Lovely breakfast in the morning. If you want a luxury hotel this is one, but remember it is a chain luxury hotel. You won't get as much of a WOW here than you would at the savoy or Knightsbridge way. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Location,"The Waldorf Hilton is perfectly located for those interested in theater or in need of being in close proximity to the London School of Economics. The rooms are on the small side, but the service is attentive. The rates are on the high side, but that tends to be true of quality hotels in central London. Breakfast is especially expensive - either buy a voucher in advance (16 pounds vs. 22) or seek something outside the hotel.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great position Hotel.,"Firstly my review is based only on an overnight stay basis and with an online offer as well to consider.  My partner & I needed a great location hotel as I shoot London Fashion week & my Partner reports as well so needed to be near Somerset House and two blocks away from our other events to cover so the Waldorf was 100% bang on where we needed to be located.  A beautiful hotel with straight away, very attentive staff as soon as we pulled up outside the hotel. We arrived early and the room was already ready but we had to shoot off to our first event so literally left the luggage with the concierge and left after a very quick and smooth check in.  When we returned we found our room more than adequate, but only one real problem was that there were zero power points. To anyone who…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A front desk angel saved our vacation,"I wish I could remember her name (she checked us in the morning of Friday Feb 20 at 10:00 am, brown hair, pony tail and very bright smile). The flight over the Atlantic was a disaster, broken entertainment system, ran out of food and the airline lost our luggage. Not just re-routed and we'll have it later in the day, they had no record of our luggage anywhere. The cab to the hotel got stuck in construction traffic for an hour. We arrived at the hotel, early in the morning, frustrated, with no sleep, and no clothes. This beautiful front desk angel, noticed our despair, and immediately assured us that things were going to get better. She not only gave us immediate access to our room, many hours before check-in, but she upgraded the room for us and walked us over to the concierge…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is great,"Hotel is in the best location right near Covent garden the strand etc. breakfast was included and spot on , can either eat in the club lounge or the main restaurant. Staff and room were great. A great hotel in the west end",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A little tired, but still a good business hotel value","I chose hotel based on its good location for access to the financial center while still being close enough to the evening services around Covent Garden. Price/value was fine given London's pricey hotels.  Rooms are a little tired but they are clean and fairly spacious (at least the Exec room). Bathroom was very large. A long term renovation is underway, I suppose to freshen up the rooms. Good breakfast area with a decent selection of things to choose from.  Lobby personnel very helpful.  For a pragmatic business trip, worth choosing. For a fancy/romantic stay, the sleeker One Aldwych a few buildings down is an alternative, although the price is substantially higher.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location - expensive spot.,"Stayed here for 8 nights in an Executive Level room. The price is steep, even with complimentary breakfast, high tea, internet and newspapers. Our King bedded room was quite spacious and immaculate. TV and available channels excellent. The bathroom was huge, especially by european standards. It still bewilders me that if we stayed in a regular room we would have to pay daily for internet, even as HHonors members. Our room was ready quite late on day of arrival, also a bit surprising given our length of stay.  This is an older, architecturally special property and as such, has some quirks. The lobby is quite chilly in the winter because there's no entryway buffer of double doors. Also, two sets of stairs - one outside to enter and another from the lobby to the front desk. Gym…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and surprisingly quiet for central London,"One night stay; warm, efficient reception. All staff pleased to help customers, that's the impression I had. Comfortable bed, windows which opened, fresh air instead of stuffy. Lovely decor. Clean and cool. Recommended!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My stay at The Waldorf Hilton,"I would like to recognize all of the The Waldorf Hilton staff as being of the highest world-class quality and extremely friendly throughout my entire 2-week stay. The hotel is very comfortable and its location is ideally located next to Convent Garden, which in my opinion is the most central place to stay in London, close to many sites and public transportation options.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, will definitely return","We spent two nights here and used one of their small rooms to get married during our stay. We were slightly apprehensive as this was our first stay at this hotel and although we had seen it many times and found it impressive from the outside, some of the reviews were not great. We could not have been happier with our experience, our room was excellent with the most comfortable bed and a large and luxurious bathroom. We only ate breakfast at the hotel, but again this was a very good experience. On one morning when we had to wait a few minutes to be seated, the waiters could not have been more apologetic, even as we left at the end of our meal. We had champagne afternoon tea and the service was second to none, and totally unhurried. On two occasions during our stay we were…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice but no way a five star hotel,"I'm a bit of a Starwood fan but my wife liked this hotel and the location... I was amazed that when we arrived (at 10pm as pre-advised), there was no help to bring in our bags. We had just flown in from the Middle East and had an hour long taxi ride with several items of luggage as well as a tired 4 year old in a buggy. On entering the hotel, we were only greeted by 7 or 8 steep steps to get to the check-in desk! (So beware if you have accessibility/mobility issues).  We had booked a Junior Suite which was a nice room but was not made up as requested (no bed for our daughter). So even though we were exhausted, we had to wait for someone to come to the room to fix up the bed with linens etc. Housekeeping was nowhere to be found so I have to hand it to the Concierge who took…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Our Christmas present to each other, to visit London & see a show & stay the night. The standard room with breakfast cost us £271, the room was average, small & the bed was hard, we expected more luxury for that price. We have stayed in other London hotels which were cheaper & better quality. We went to the bar for a drink prior to theatre, one latte & one gin & tonic £17 but we got free nuts, big deal. Breakfast was okay but having to wait for eggs, bacon & sausages was a bit frustrating. My wife would have preferred the eggs benedict but we were told that was £7.50 extra. Bearing in mind that we had paid for 2 breakfasts & my wife wouldn't have had the bacon/egg/sausage etc was very annoying. I would like to have a reply from the Waldorf to explain this please. I work very…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let down for such a grand hotel,"Wanting to celebrate a special birthday, we chose the Waldorf Hilton mainly cause of the reputation and location.  Once there, we found it a bit of a run down relic. The staff were polite enough but not the same level of service we have had from other Hilton hotels in the end .  Rooms over priced at £275 per night for queen double !!! At one stage in the early morning, there was a knock on the door to investigate a leak from our bathroom which was affecting the room downstairs.  The hotel location is excellent but I would definitely not go there again.  Great potential but unfortunately not up to the Hilton standard. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing,"Well what a disappointment. Very average room, a bit tatty, awful bed which was very hard, duvet cover that doesn't even fasten, and mattress doesn't even fit the divan base. Not at all what we were expecting from a 5 star hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Executive rooms great value,"Booked an executive room for 3 people for one night. Included in the rate were complimentary afternoon tea, early evening drinks and canapés and continental breakfast ( which included sausage, eggs and bacon), all in the Executive Lounge. The staff were fantastic, and really went out of their way to look after us. This was my 4th stay in this hotel and it is always a treat to visit.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, with a couple of alteration would be exellent.","My wife and I had spent the day in London (Theatre etc.). We then finished off with dinner at this hotel as exellent location for theatres (walking).  We were greeted very politely and professionally by the doorman (very smart), entered the hotel and explained we had a dinner reservasion and want to change our clothes. WE WERE TOLD THE TOILET????, IN EVERY HOTEL WE VISIT ABROAD THEY ALWAYS HAVE A ROOM WITH FACILTIES.  We then asked where the restaurant was, and were shown, food good (lamb is ""fatty"").  We had a bottle of wine £27.00 (no problem), I then got the bill with a 12.5% service charge on the wine(THE WAITRESS NEVER FILLED OUR GLASSES UP ONCE!)I don't mind paying service if you get it.  The restaurant manager removed charge(would have prefered to pay and get served).  So…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfy beds in a great central location,Booked this because we are Hilton Honours members - always wanted to stay at the Waldorf and it was a good experience. Beds were incredibly comfy and the window even opened for some fresh air. You know you are in a Hilton but I guess some people need that reassurance and it is a reliable brand. Very polite and friendly hotel staff. The Executive Lounge was well-stocked and both  Afternoon Tea and Breakfast were delightful. The pool looked lovely though we didn't have time to use it!,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I have spent two nights at this hotel. Check in was long and the receptionist asked me a number of questions which was not necessary.  I have asked for room change as the first option was stinky and there was air-con problem, moreover the room on 1st floor was very gloomy with direct view on technical installation. When I looked out of the window I realized there is a number of fag-ends and what was even worse parts of underwear. My room was changed for another one. The new room was the same; very gloomy, view was terrible, but less dirt outside. When I asked reception for possibility to give me room on higher floor as it was very dark inside, they claimed that it is London’s center and all rooms are with the same view.  I have stayed in different hotels in London’s center and…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
3377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extremely Disappointed,"I was very disappointed with my stay at the Waldorf Hilton. We decided to stay here 1 night for our anniversary which I mentioned when booking. We had a cocktail making masterclass which was booked separately through a voucher code website, and was brilliant. We were not warned at all that there would be refurbishment works at the hotel, that the workers lift would be right outside of our window, and that we would be woken at 8am with constant banging from either next door or above and the lift going up and down.  We went to breakfast because we thought it may stop after an hour or so, however when we got back the banging continued.  We then went to the pool because we thought it would be relaxing to also to have a sauna and steam, we were then told, we couldn't use the sauna…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
3378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely waldorf,"what a lovely place to stay when visiting london: We had afternoon tea which was served beautifully ,with dainty sandwiches and cakes :-a lovely treat. The room was spotless and the beds comfortable, The breakfast was adequate (the bacon and sausage too underdone for me)and mushrooms were braised instead of fried, queues for toast,still Brill thanks waldorf:)",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent central location, first rate service, underwhelming room","Location, location, location is the name of the game here. This hotel is within easy walking distance to many attractions, theaters, restaurants, shops and museums. Hotel staff was more than polite and accommodating, among the best we've experienced, and that's saying something. Our room on the other hand, was not. Cramped with quirky outlet and light switch configurations plus a shower/bath that was poorly designed and resulted in water on the floor creating a slip & fall hazard, the room left us unimpressed.  A couple of other notes: 1.) the elevators are comically small and seem to run in slow motion: claustrophobics beware 2.) breakfast offerings were reliable but unremarkable. If you're using the room as a place to rest your head and not much else, you'll do fine here and…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Booked online via Hilton for 3 nights for 2 adults and 1 child and were offered an executive king room which advertised itself as accommodating 3 people. However at check in we were asked if we had requested an extra bed to be placed in room. Why should we have had to request that based on the room we were recommended online and hence booked? Room was ready and we were informed housekeeping would bring an extra bed for our son. Well, the room allocated was tiny and when bed arrived initially it had to be placed against wardrobe doors! We had no  access to wardrobes now! Phoned reception asking them to send a manager up to see if they thought this was acceptable - no joy. Housekeeping came back and eventually moved desks and chest of drawers to enable bed to be positioned to…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
3381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Glad we returned!!,"I feel compelled to respond to an earlier report I made prior to Christmas. This time the experience was far superior to our last. Admittedly this time we were in an executive room, perhaps that's the difference.   The room was excellent with a well appointed bathroom and the nearby executive lounge was convenient and very comfortable.  We chose on this occasion not to visit the Homage restaurant as it didn't fit within our plans.  Our feeling this time was that we really were in a hotel befitting the iconic image the Waldorf inspired from former times!! ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Hotel - Good location,"Our stay at the Waldorf Hilton was decent.  It is a higher priced hotel but in the heart of the Theatre district and short walking distance to the shopping areas.  If you are a walker - you can easily do about a 15 walk to the Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abby etc.  Rooms were OK - comfortable for an older city hotel - well outfitted etc.  Views are mixed - anything on the inside looks at a court yard, but that has a glass building on it so nothing there to see.  Renovations were occurring while we were there so scaffolding was an issue for outside rooms.  Bar and restaurant are expensive, so recommendation to visit the many options in the theatre district.  Executive lounge worth the upgrade - breakfast is full and the tea and cocktail hours are plentiful.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Night at The Waldorf,Had a lovely night staying at The Waldorf. Nice room. Dinner very good (and great value!) Hugh choice for breakfast. Can't fault it. We were very well looked after. We needed to chill and relax and that's just what we did.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent - again,"Á definite favourite in London: great location, excellent and friendly service. Comfortable rooms and executive lounge. Tried the high this time - a very nice treat.  Now that I've stayed on three different occasions at the Waldorf in London I must say it's a definite favourite and highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service resumed after hiccup,"Back for our 3rd stay and to begin with we were very disappointed as our room wasn't ready until gone 4.00 😢which in turn left us no choice but to cancel our valentines afternoon tea booking 😢 😢after we were given our room we found that the bathrobe was used and full of someone else's make up around the collar 😢😢😢 I never ask for a manager but we were now on 3 strikes - very poor for a hotel of this reputation. Given that we had stayed here twice before and normally leave happy - we brought it to the attention of the guest relations manager who apologised , promised to make good and sent us a bottle of champagne by way of an apology 😄 we are booking again for my birthday in June because we like the hotel very much - hopefully no hiccups on my birthday visit .",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing, will be returning very soon.",Myself and my wide stayed at he Waldorf last weekend and we were over the moon with the service and room. Staff were very friendly and made our stay very special. We had a lovely weekend and will be returning very soon. Would highly reccomend this hotel.  Thank you to all at the Waldorf.  Mr lightbown ,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just As We Expected,"When staying in a top class hotel in one of the major capitals cities of the world, one expects everything to be very good and the Waldorf did not disappoint.  We stayed just one night as part of a birthday treat or my wife, which also took in a show at the Aldwych Theatre next door – very convenient.  We had pre-booked a standard double room, but at check-in decided to upgrade to a junior suite for an extra £90. Our room was grand – large bedroom with huge super king-size bed and separate seating area, walk-in wardrobe, study kitted out with a desk etc, and a very large bathroom. One lovely touch was a TV mounted above the bath with water-proof remote control.  Having upgraded, we were also given access to the Executive Lounge, which served free tea, coffee and biscuits all day…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, (not wooden,, genuine )","Had a good stay with my girlfriend here.  The room was good, clean, The buffet in the executive lounge was extensive enough for us.  I like the location alot. central and close to everything.  I recommend the restaurant ^^",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful staff,"The staff were friendly and helpful.  The room was not spacious but was spotlessly clean which you might expect.  Although there was plenty of choice at breakfast, the hot  food was tepid even when it had been brought straight from the kitchen.  Disappointing  to be drinking tea out of a mug,  We expected better.  However it was a pleasant stay and both the doorman and the concierge were helpful. The location is great for theatres and in walking distance of the National Gallery.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,overnight stay,choose this hotel has a special treat for an overnight stay in London for my daughter. cost £220 for a twin room for one night so not cheap.....unfortunately very disappointed and apart from the size of the room and the décor....not much difference than a Premier Inn.  At least there if you report a poor night sleep you get a refund....apparently as I booked through a travel agent they could not do anything for me!,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Felt that the desk staff didn't take younger guests seriously,"The hotel is alright, location is good. Most of the hotel staffs are really polite and thoughtful except the front desk staffs. My friend and I took some drinks from minibar but didn't drink them and put them on top of the minibar and went out for lunch. We only realised the next morning that the room service staff took those unopened cans of coke away. We also received a bill in our room saying that we are going to be charged 8 pound for those drinks. I was a little unhappy because I was just uncomfortable of the room service staff taking things from our room even they are just cans of unopened coke. I brought it up when we were checking out and the lady at the desk was really rude. Firstly she said that she is not part of the house keeping team so I should not have brought…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Its a Hilton but NOT Waldorf hotel,Simple plain Hilton experience with 3-4 stars service and no luxury experience of Waldorf's brand Breakfast should be consider as Holiday Inn with nice porcelain and silver wear.. but food quality and variety is disappointed.. best to grab breakfast at the cafe in front of the hotel with better value Room was fairly small (around 20 sq meter) and they told me this is a good size room!! I wonder how small it can be..   Shower and bathtub was good but the shower in my room was broken and they did not seem to change it even I stay there for 6 days,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
3393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average four star,"This is not a luxury five star, more an average four star but the room prices reflect that. Great location and the refurbished club rooms are nice but do not expect luxury. The bar area is lovely but much too small for the size of the property.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Well Located, Great Room, Good Service","Overall, impressed with the Waldorf Hilton in London. A pleasant stay with smooth check in service. I especially appreciated the size of the Deluxe room. Comparing to other stays in London and the quality of service I was impressed by the friendliness and speed. I would mention to the management that housekeeping/any person entering the room should knock and wait at least for 15 seconds before entering the room.   I had dinner once at Homage and breakfast 2 of the mornings. The food and atmosphere is pleasant with the staff being very attentive. I would stay away from the right side (when entering) tables especially in the evening in the winter as it is quite breezy there.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mum and daughter weekend.,"A Christmas presnt from are husbands high tea at the Waldorf .everything was first class from the greeting from the man at the door to the good morning from the staff.the room was very clean and had everything we needed .the tea itself was unreal we where made to feel very special,thank you.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,Just got back from London and stopped at this hotel with GB tours what a lovely hotel management was good staff  made us very  welcome . Rooms was very nice and clean .Food was  nice and i would stay there again .,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Had a fantastic stay at this hotel. Room was really well maintained.....stayed in junior suite. Executive lounge provided great service and the staff were very friendly. Hotel bar was nice with good drinks however the food i had wasnt great and i felt the service needs a bit of attention. General manager of bar was great though. Will definitely stay again.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel and location,We recently stayed at the waldorf as we came to see a show. We were greeted by superb friendly and efficient staff who checked us in to our super room with a view of the royal opera house. The food was simply delicious and the cocktails were superb   The only downside was the room was rather chilly. Even when the heating was turned up to full it made little difference but that aside. The whole stay was superb,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"great location, great staff","This is my second time going to the Waldorf Hilton and reminded what a great location to be situated for a London holiday. Hotel is 2 short blocks from Covent Garden Underground/tube. Walking distance down Drury Lane to the British Museum. Tube or longer walk to St. Paul's and Tower of London. Also longer walk Picadilly Circus, Chinatown, Trafalgar. All within Underground as well. Rooms sizes vary and are up-to-date, modernized, clean and quiet. Staff are very attentive and willing to help with any travel question or concern. Breakfast was delicious and plentiful. Executive Lounge is restful and also well attended and clean.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Night on the Town,"Within easy walking distance of most west end theatres, a feeling of luxury and art deco style, we enjoyed an excellent preshow meal strolled to our chosen theatre, returned to Godfrey's bar for a cocktail and then enjoyed a comfortable night sleep. Saturday,we had a relaxed breakfast and  walked to Somerset House. We returned to the Waldorf for a 1st class tea. The only way to have a night on the town.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just as the Previous Reviewer Says..!,"... And no, we're not friends or family.  But, they have it in a nutshell - the Waldorf Hilton is absolutely no way a 5* Hilton and it's certainly not representative of the brand's global standards.    Our main gripe was the lobby bar refusing to serve any light food/snacks at only a minute or so past 11.00pm.  We'd returned from the theatre, slightly peckish, so had headed into the lobby bar for a last drink a bite to eat.  But it wasn't to be - we were told we'd have to order from the room service menu - in our room.  Didn't sound such a bad thing until we realised the 24hr room service menu extended to nachos, tikka masala, a cheese plate and possibly, cheesecake.  Come on Hilton, for a supposedly luxurious hotel, that is completely disgraceful!  We've stayed in mid-range and…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not really a 5 star Hilton,"The edifice is fascinating -architecturally speaking- but overall space is quite limited and dull : the lobby, lounge and little bar are boring and without any views, the restaurant nice but completely ""blind"" (no outdoors view at all) and the standard rooms very small and blind as well (mine was just facing a brick wall and it was supposed to be an upgrade ; I cannot imagine the lower grade). Bathroom had some problems and only a steady wall shower with no removable apparatus.  The area is convenient (very close to Covent Garden and the Strand) but not the best for shopping (big shops and department stores are quite a walk away). I think at the price our company paid  (the hotel was the venue for a telecom congress) one can find many alternatives (and quite more satisfactory)…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"I travel a lot internationally and this is one of the better ""finer"" hotels in which i have stayed.  Wonderful executive lounge if you are a Diamond, etc. Hilton member.  Staff is EXTREMELY personable and helpful.  Seems like a good location but have not ventured out very much yet.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
3404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good enjoyable stay - but moved rooms,Very close to theatreland so useful for seeing shows! Originally we got put in a room on 6th floor which was directly below rooms being refurbished so very noisy but upon request they moved us further down to a room we noticed had been recently refurbished (as the higher room looked a little dated). Nonetheless we thoroughly enjoyed our stay - relaxing and decent sized rooms though not massively spacious. The bar/restaurant area also lovely. Staff and concierge very helpful.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent !,"I stayed here for 2 nights with my sister, we shared an executive room with access to the lounge, food was amazing, breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks, the free bar was only open from 6 pm - 8.30 pm, which I found dissapointing, as other hilton hotels their bars are open all day and evening. Television didn't work, but was soon rectified, my only complaint is that they held over £350 of my money, even though it was all paid for, they blamed it on a system error, and as of today I'm still waiting for it to be refunded to my account after complaint to the Front of office Manager ! ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Modern Twist to a Historic Building,"My husband and I stayed here on a layover on the last leg of our trip home from Dubai to US. Upon arrival from the airport, the most charming doorman helped me out of the taxi and brought our bags inside. What a great first impression! When we checked in, we had been upgraded to the executive room since we mentioned that we were on our honeymoon on the reservation. Check in was quick and we were on our way to our room. The room was very modern, well lit and comfortable. The shower was relaxing after a long flight to London. The concierge helped us with a restaurant reservation, which we enjoyed. I wish we stayed a few more nights so we could see more of London, but the one night we stayed in this hotel was wonderful. A great way to end our honeymoon!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing time,"Just returned yesterday from the Waldorf Hilton London. What an amazing time we had. We didn't really know what to expect as we had booked with GB tours on a mini break. The hotel was fab, our room was great, very roomy, nice bedding, amazing bathroom, and bath robes. The décor was very stylish. Breakfast was amazing too, with great service. We asked the man on the door where about was the Palm court, he very kindly showed us and took our photo, nothing was too much trouble. Will return as a great location for all the sights, and great hotel.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent,"Stayed overnight only for a special birthday trip. All staff were extremely courteous, and the hotel kindly supplied a small birthday cake foc as a welcome in the room. Linen was spotless, room had no faults, great powerful shower. We didn't use the bar or restaurant so cannot comment, but everything we saw indicated a great hotel with good service - recommended.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A name is not enough,"I have stayed there twice this month. First time in one of the older rooms. Decent size but out dated. Second time in one of the refurbished rooms. More modern but a lot smaller.  I suggest the management stay in one of their rooms. I am just over 6.1 - tall but far from unusually so. You cannot move in the shower. Trapped - made worse by the low pressure shower that made the claustrophobia unnecessarily long.  In central London, I object to paying for wifi in my room. Especially at what holds itself out as a top end hotel.  I also think that the failure to have sky sports or any sports channels is poor. I had to watch the Chelsea v Liverpool match on my iPhone 6S. Better entertainment and service from my phone than the hotel.  Breakfast, which I tried 3 times was ok. It is done…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, friendly, good location, excellent service.","Stayed here on a business trip, I wish that I had more time to take advantage of the excellent facilities available pool, sauna stem room etc. Evening meal and breakfast both excellent and served pleasantly. I would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely birthday treat,"Beautifully styled, friendly, professional but not made to feel patronised. Even got complimentary drinks as it was my daughter's 18th birthday, thank you for that. Excellent breakfast too. Room was lovely and bed really comfy. Prime location as we were seeing a show that night. ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lost its grandeur,"The location of The Waldorf is excellent for access to theatres, Covent Garden and many other attractions, however, the hotel itself has lost its sparkle and its grandeur of yesteryear. The service needs great improvement.  Though rated 5 star it is more like a 4 star hotel.  The hotel needs more embellishment to give it more character.  Our room was small and had not been properly serviced with bath gowns and towels which we had to specifically request. The air-conditioning was inadequate as the room was too warm and stuffy.  The bed was not turned down or any little treats left.  The restaurant service for afternoon tea was hurried and not properly supported with hot water, etc.  A big disappointment.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing ballroom, great cocktails, spotless room","On arrival we were impressed with the hotels location, right in Covent Garden. Plenty to do in the area and a tube station nearby.   The room was spacious, in particular the bathroom which was huge. It was spotless and modern.   Its bar ""Good Godphreys"" did some great cocktails, the old fashioned was a good choice.   I was most impressed when I took a peek in the ballroom. This would be my ideal location for a wedding.   If I was to be picky, there was no butler on the door when we arrived (one did appear later on). Compared to other 5 star hotels we have stayed in where they have taken our bags and offered us services from the second we got to the door we felt this hotel lacked that kind of feel. But that was a really minor thing and we had a great stay nevertheless.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One Word Three Syllables - Excellent!,"Returned again for a 3 day break. The hotel gets better every time we visit. Upon arrival the receptionist was proficient, friendly and gave us a lovely welcome. We stayed in a King Hilton Junior Suite opposite The Indian High Commission Building.  The room was clean, tidy and tastefully decorated. All the team from the Doorman, Concierge to the dining room staff etc., were sociable and accommodating. As mentioned before first-rate location for most of London’s attractions. We will be back.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just amazing!!!,"Absolutely amazing stay. I went with my sister for a relaxing two night stay.. We used their facilities such as the sauna, steam room and pool. The room was spectacular, we ordered room service and the staff were wonderfully polite and prompt. The grounds were beautiful for a stroll. Over all, an amazing relaxing surreal experience ",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good location,"A friend and myself visited the hotel at the end of November to celebrate her birthday. We booked a deluxe plus twin bedded room which was very clean, comfortable, spacious, quiet and there was also some cake in the room to acknowledge the birthday, which was a nice touch. The only slight disappointment was breakfast. Although there was plenty of choice, some of the hot choices were only warm, including dishes freshly replenished. We enjoyed the area very much with plenty to see and lots of places to eat. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great Hotel, great food. Lacked staff at busy times and air con control in the room was out of the arc and had no functions what so ever. That said, staff were very attentive and a good time was had. Will return soon.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's a great hotel,"We have previously stayed here a few years ago, and our expectations were high given our last experience.  We were given a recently refurbished room, very nice indeed.  The staff, door men, receptionists, waiters/waitresses were all friendly and polite.  The only meal we had was breakfast,  which was good, but left me a little disappointed, because it wasn't as good as last time, which was excellent. Nothing to complain about though.  It's a great location too.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely central london stay with a little luxury,"We stayed at the Waldorf at the end of October for my sons 18th birthday.  The hotel is very central for all the main attractions and is in the heart of theatre land, so walking to many main well known areas is easy or there is a bus stop outside the entrance if needed.  Our check in was a lbit muddled with our room not being ready and then staff forgetting to put us down as requiring a text to notify us that we could check in, luckily we went back ourselves to ask and discovered the room was infact ready for us! We had an executive suite, great spacious room, modern fitments, lovely bathroom and sofa bed in a separate area and two tv's.  Staff were very friendly, we had use of the executive lounge which provided a very good selection of beverages and snacks included in the room…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and a decent price,"Stayed for one night at the weekend.  Couldn't fault it.  Reception were very friendly and helpful.  We had a a room for 3 people (a massive king size and a 'put you up') very comfortable.  The room came with executive lounge access which was a bonus, wasn't expecting much but it was actually quite nice, breakfast in the lounge included bacon, sausages, eggs, ham and cheese etc, so something for everyone.   Fantastic location for Covent garden, Leicester square, theatre land etc..  We walked from Waterloo station which took about 10 mins across the bridge. Perfect weekend hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Welcome return ,"Last visit was about four years ago so we didn't know what refurbishment had been carried out. We had a lovely refurbished room, very large and clean. Breakfast was standard. The service we received everywhere throughout the hotel was first class, extremely polite and attentive staff. A great location. We will be back. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed my stay,"Visited the Waldorf Hilton for work (in October 2013) and was pretty satisfied with my stay. The hotel staff were helpful, the rooms were decent sized (nice sized washroom), and the location of the hotel was fantastic. The little bar downstairs had great cocktails and the stacks weren't bad either (although at one point I did have a hair in one of my meat skewers and instead of instantly taking it back and getting me a new set of skewers the manager didn't really seem to think it was a priority to take action, so that was disappointing). Other than that minor hiccup, the hotel was great :)",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic is never out of style,"I have been staying at this hotel on a regular basis over the past 4 years.  I am a frequent business traveler to London and the Waldorf is another place that I consider a home away from home.  Over the years, I've seen the hotel renovate to much brighter and modern decor.  But, what I love is that when walking down the halls, you hear the history of the hotel, with every step.  The floors tell you a story...even covered by new carpet....you can hear what they have experienced.  The energy from the years of guests that have been there definitely keeps the place young and alive!  There is an LA Fitness gym in the basement.  As a guest you have access, so there is no excuse to burn off the extra calories from the great breakfast or evening cocktail hour!  Certainly better than…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great theatre break break before Christmas,"We stayed in the Waldorf about two years ago and were a little disappointed as it seemed a little tired. I am pleased to say that on this trip I was much happier and the hotel and room was excellent, as is the location. I would definitely visit again and recommend.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,When we arrived our room wasn't ready however we were given a complimentary upgrade with no fuss. We had breakfast there which was really good quality and all of the staff that I encountered were friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay again ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"We stayed here recently for a birthday weekend in London.  The hotel from the outside looks great, but once inside is very much like any other hotel and didn't live up to the outside view in our opinion.  The reception was quick and smooth, the room was nice although the view was poor.  Breakfast was plentiful and ok, but another buffet that ran out quickly and where food gets cold easily, they also struggled with the numbers in what was quite a cramped dining room.  Great access to covent garden and theatreland.   Overall the hotel was nice, but will stay elsehwhere in future.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London mini break,"I couldn't praise this hotel enough. The staff were outstanding, nothing was ever too much trouble and they were genuinely happy to be courteous and helpful. The location is perfect, the decor and style is delightful and I had one of the best nights sleep in the comfortable beds. We used the pool area which was very relaxing but would benefit from a few repair jobs as the plaster is crumbling in places. This did not spoil the experience though. Overall I'd say the best features of this hotel is outstanding customer service and location.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tea,Friends 50th birthday so we took her for afternoon tea. Loved it. It doesn't matter who you are they look after you and make you feel welcome. Sandwiches very tasty and all the amazing teas to choose from. The little cake were amazing they let us have a doggy bag as we had a job to eat them all. Thanks for a great time,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Week-End,"4th stay at this hotel and its always a pleasure, the staff are amazing, unlike the previous review we were welcomed, our luggage was held for us while we went shopping as room wasn't ready  and the car parked on our behalf, seamless - thank you.  We stayed in room 536 which overlooks the strand and it was lovely, we know there is refurbishment work going on but this stops at 5pm and doesn't restart until 9 am, so a problem if you are an afternoon napper - otherwise not.  We had breakfast in the Homage restaurant which is opulant and the omelette cooked to order was to die for.  The location of this hotel is amazing theatreland on your doorstep along with the ever entertaining Covent Garden, shops and of course tourist attractons all within walking distance - can't wait for…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected More!,"Visiting London for a couple of nights with friends.  We stayed at The London Waldorf Hilton because of its central location.  I loved the decor in the hotel, particularly all the pictures in the rooms and hallways. We were in a Queen deluxe room.  The only niggles I had was the disappointment in the bathroom.  I expected more!!  The shower was over the bath, which wasn't too bad except the bath was very narrow and you had to stand on the plug hole which kept on shutting so the bath filled up with dirty water!!! You could only use the hairdryer in the bedroom by the desk and the lighting wasn't good.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Real Dissapointment for What Used to be a Grand Old Hotel.,"I stayed here once ten years ago when it was the Le Meridien Waldorf.  Then it was a grand old world hotel, with gorgeous old-world style, charm and service.  When Hilton bought it they completely renovated it.  While they made some improvements - the bathrooms are large and lovely - mostly they robbed it of many of its charms.  I also have to say that the service left much to be desired.  It was pleasant, but completely perfunctory. There was no effort beyond the very minimum to serve guests.  When I arrived at about 9pm - with a lot of luggage - there was no valet or bellman out front.  There are also many steps to get to the reception desk.  With no other option I had to lug all of my luggage up the steps myself.  After I had hauled everything up to reception myself - a…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family Weekend,"Stayed here last weekend whilst on a city break with the grandparents. The hotel was comfortable, clean and the staff were fabulous. The only slight negative was the standard of the breakfast which was somewhat disappointing considering the rest of the hotel facilities and the price paid. This apart the hotel was great and a fabulous weekend was enjoyed by all.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre stay,"My wife and I stayed overnight and went to the theatre. Meal very good, drinks a little pricey as to be expected though. Room was recently renovated - bathroom fantastic, bed comfortable with really comfy pillows. All as you would expect from a 5* London Hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Iconic Hotel,"Stayed with my partner for a few nights in January 2015. When we arrived at 10am, we were advised that out room was not ready (as we obviously expected) but were very kindly shown in to the Executive Lounge where we relaxed for only around half an hour until our room was good to go. Check in at 10.30am, great!!! When we arrived, a cupboard was open and a strong smell of paint with a paintbrush lying on the floor, which we found strange. We unpacked and went out, and when we got back the paintbrush was moved, but a maintenance person knocked on the door and asked to touch up the cupboard which was slightly inconvenient and left a smell of paint again for a little while which wasn't great. The room was spacious (I believe I was upgraded because I am a HH Gold member) but the view…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room, great staff and location","excellent service, very nice room on the first floor, not a great view from the window, but heh it is dark at 4pm. I just wish hotels of this standard provided fresh milk for the the tea and coffee making facility, after all, there is a mini bar fridge. Breakfast, especially made to order omelettes, were exceptional on Saturday morning, not as good on Sunday morning, but the restaurant was much busier.  Had read some negative comments about this hotel before we went, don't understand why as we found it to be of a very good standard. Thank your for a lovely two days",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Traditional London hotel,"Drove up to the door, greeted by doorman, car parked for us and we were showen to our quiet corner room on the 6th floor.  Super Kingsize bed, large room with walk in wardrobe and ensuite bathroom.  Bustling bar area, lovely swimming pool and huge gym area.  The only complaint was the breakfast!  They ran out of fried eggs and we had to wait for 15 mins. before any more arrived.  Breakfast was included in our reservation, it was £22.00 otherwise and certainly I would not recommend breakfast here, far better to try somewhere outside.  Staff were very pleasant and helpful.  We enjoyed our 1 night, but not the breakfast!",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Christmas trip to London,"We chose to stay at the Waldorf when visiting London to see The Cure play at The Hammersmith Apollo. Ideally located a short walk from Covent Garden and the tube station, which is probably the best underground station to choose.  Lovely ambience to the hotel. Smart rooms. Excellent Check-in and lobby service.  bReakfast doesn't seem to be served in the large hall anymore. Not sure why, perhaps it's a seasonal thing. Breakfast finished at 10 most week days - so rise early if you want to catch it.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Visit to watch my son in Dance Till Dawn at the Alwych right next door to hotel,Lovely hotel had a lovely stay very professional  near to Covent Garden all the main shopping areas and great restaurants. You r also in the heart of the west end fir sone great shows Room was very clean smart and beautifully done.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Celebrating with family,"We booked this hotel with members of our family as a treat to take them away for the weekend and show them the christmas lights and take them out for dinner as they had just announced they were expecting their first child.   When we checked into the hotel we were advised that our rooms were not ready but they would upgrade one of us which was a nice surprise, which we gave to our guests. Thanks god we did as the room we were put in was about the size of a wardrobe with a stunning view of the air conditionnig units of the flat roof!!. However we went out for our prebooked meal and returned to the hotel at about 10.30pm for a drink or two before going to bed.   Upon entering the hotel and approaching the bar we were advised by the staff that we had to sit down and would be served…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old charm,I stayed here for business early this January and I liked very much the building. The service was very good too. Attentive but not in your face staff. Room size and the breakfast were very good for London. Location is obviously great too. It was a nice walk to my meeting at UCL.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A  DREAM VACATION,"I stayed at Hilton Waldorf Sep.ember 2014 . I pick this hotel for location to buses,trains,and some theaters within walking distance. the convert gardens a wonderful outdoor shopping venue of homemade crafts was 6 minutes away walking.The staff at hotel were helpful and kind. The breakfast had variety of foods to chose from. The room was clean and bedding was comfortable.An added bonus was wonderful ballroom style pool with elegant lighting and soft  piped in music The size is small if you hardy   As a solo travel I felt safe and I was treated kindly. I would stay again at Waldorf Hilton if I traveled to London again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf never disappoints :),"We have stayed in The Waldorf several times before and it never disappoints. It's in the heart of the theatre district and walking distance to many restaurants and landmarks.  The reception area is well decorated with lovely pieces of furniture, the check-in process was swift and the staff friendly and efficient. We have decided to upgrade during check-in so our room was a generous size, with table and chairs and the bathroom was lovely and big. The in-room amenities was good. There were also bathrobes and slippers, as well as free bottles of water and free wifi.  We didn't stay for breakfast this time but I would recommend it as breakfast is served in an amazing room with a beautiful ceiling.  All in all a very pleasant stay. Will definitely come back again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A night in London,Next door to Covent Garden ....clean and nice with a good service. We stayed there for one night  and we were very happy about that but definitely too expensive is anyway a 5 stars hotel and it deserves all five,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat,"This hotel is located close to a number of theatres and it was so relaxing to just walk around the corner back to the hotel after seeing our show. The Executive Room was big, quiet and very comfortable. The variety of food available for breakfast was extensive and most enjoyable. All the staff members that we encountered were very helpful. That all adds up to an enjoyable weekend in my book!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in a good location,I only stayed here for 1 night. It was clean and tiny. The decor was a bit old fashion for me ( i was coming from the W London) but nice. Overall the hotel and staff were nice. didn't really get to experience much else of the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and helpful concierge,"we stayed here just one night and found the staff very helpful. we had forgotten some toiletries and they happily gave us some replacements, we needed to store our bags and they did this very efficiently, we asked for a late check out and it was easily agreed. Breakfast was a buffet and the a la carte menu was extra. We did not like the omelette which was tough and had to be asked for raather than us being asked if we wanted one. difficutl to get staff to take our order.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel!,"We have just returned from our third visit to the Waldorf and I am pleased to say it was as wonderful as ever. The staff are incredibly friendly and all go out of their way to make you feel welcome. The rooms, we upgraded to an executive, are spacious and elegant and the upgrade is definitely worth it as you can get a dellious afternoon tea, early evening drinks and canapés and breakfast which are all complimentary. The location is perfect for the theatre and shopping all within walking distance. Our favourite part is however, the cocktails in Good Godfreys bar which are amazing, this  time I tried a Cherry Bakewell wow! The bar is absolutely charming and is such a relaxing place in which to pass the time. Thank you to all the staff for making our stay, once again, perfect! We…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good experience,"On arriving at hotel met by great concierge who quickly sorted out parking our car and stroring luggage.  Having stayed here at the same time of the year in the past I know how busy it can be just before Christmas but check in was excellent and were able to use exec lounge.  Room very comfortable, clean and quiet and the service in the exec lounge excellent and the family I was with from South Africa were very impressed by the service and helpfulness of the team in the lounge.  Location is excellent and a nice place to return to after the madness of Covent Garden just before Christmas so thanks for good visit.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Mixed Experience,"We had high expectations of this hotel because of the name and location, but ultimately, it was only so-so. The service was professional, the room was decorated in good taste and offered everything we could want and yet, the hotel for us was too busy and a little like a tourist conveyor belt. What was really disappointing was the swimming pool - not like the picture in the brochure! The pool is linked with a fitness club so had a sweaty, busy feel - and closed early in the evening. You have to walk through a gym, corridors, changing rooms to get to the pool which had a very municipal feel. The whole 'sports'/'beauty area was pretty  insalubrious and most unrelaxing! The location of the hotel, however, was perfect!",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special treat,"Stayed here for a few days for the wife's birthday due to the iconic name and its position. Overall it was very nice ie the beautifull building, smart doormen and massive reception but I don't think it's worth nearly £600 per night room only. Huge comfortable bedroom with really nice bed and beding but Due to the room layout of the 3 wardrobes you had to move the bedside cabinet and lamp to get inside one and the one containing the kettle was hanging from its hinges so not ideal. As usual for any Hilton the staff are as good as you will ever get. Would stay again but probably bother with the upgrade, not that the hotel will ever be short of people willing to pay whatever it costs to stay in such a fantastic building.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great staff make a great hotel,"I stay here regularly and am never disappointed: the staff are welcoming, sincere and efficient.  Being such a historic hotel, it feels very unique and special - from the art deco style coupled with rooms that are all slightly different and great staff, it really makes you feel you're staying somewhere special.  I look forward to my next stay.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Big name, average stay","Stayed here for 4 nights with family in Executive suite.    Pros: In heart of theater district. Room set up upon arrival, with sofa bed for boys already made up. Executive lounge (included when staying in Executive room) included breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour. Dinner at hotel restaurant was quite nice.   Gym was great.  Hotel has deal with LA Fitness which runs the facility.  Top notch. Bathroom nice design, but shower was slow drain (called for maintenance, but never fixed).  Cons: Housekeeping is below average.  Had to request service one day, though we were gone all day.  I left a sweater at the hotel, but when we called HK the next day to see if they had it, they never got back to us.   Wifi connectivity in room was extremely poor. Pool can be generously described…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beware!,"Major issue first:  The picture included in this review was taken of a burger served to me during a recent stay. Partially cooked meat, this could have had quite serious consequences - do not eat at this hotel!! The manager didn't charge me (!) and offered a compensatory drink but I'll let the readers decide if this is acceptable. The rest of the food was of poor quality and almost cold.  This is not withstanding the fact that they do not serve food after 23.00. Almost every hotel I've been to, serve at least a night time menu even if this is just sandwiches!  Next, other issues:  If you book the executive rooms to get executive lounge access, beware - there isn't any alcohol included (as in other Hiltons) and if you go to a show you miss the evening access to the savoury…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
3454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"My friend & I enjoyed a night in the Waldorf London, the hotel is in a great position, staff excellent, room amazing with large airy bathroom, breakfast was plentiful & hot, served buffet style, would definitely go again.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Icon in need of a facelift!,"Booked for a long weekend in a Junior Suite which was surprisingly spacious for a (Hilton) hotel in the capital. Knowing this is a 100 year old establishment you can appreciate the screeching floors and cracked ceilings however, you would expect the service standards of this five star dwelling to be impeccable! During one of the busiest months of the year at the end of day, just one check-in desk was open and it took quite some time before someone popped out of the back office to assist the line. While check in was friendly, there was no clearly marked HHonors check in desk, one of those small but useful benefits of the Hilton Loyalty program. Elevators are tiny and all three equally slow. As said the room was a nice size however, the amenities and quality of the interior rather…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect service,"This is the second time that I have stayed here and they have certainly been working on some great improvements in both service and decor .This is a credit to the management . Tasteful room with probably the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in . Breakfast was a delight and again staff attentive and sincere . The chef came out and asked each table if they had enjoyed their food. I especially enjoyed the atmosphere and even the classical music clicked with the ambience. Loved the large plates and it was a simple thing but it made the hotel seem generous. Great night's sleep ,quiet and restful.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,"Have stayed here before,the reception area is always very welcoming and the staff always very helpful and a special mention to the doorman who goes out of his way to help and is very friendly and warm to visitors. However I was disappointed with the room this time,there was  no real wow factor, bathroom needed updating,think it had been serviced in a rush. No complimentary coffee or tea (there were herbal teas). Just little niggly things. The bed was comfortable and as it was only one night and booked in a rush but looking around the whole room although clean looked a bit drab. In its favour, a brilliant location, close to everything.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unsafe hotel - someone entered my room while I was inside,"On our last night at the hotel, at around 8pm someone used a hotel room key to open the door, thankfully the latch was closed and they could not enter the room. I called the front desk in a panic to report the incident and they assured me that nobody has a key to my room, which is ridiculous since someone had just used a key to open the door!   The response of the person at the front desk was to ask me ""what would you like me to do?"". Are you kidding me??? How about telling me you'll send someone up to check it out? Absolutely careless response from the hotel staff.   Aside from the breach of trust and safety, the housecleaning staff left empty bottles from the minibar in the room. I will never stay in this hotel again, and I will not recommend it to anybody.   For your safety,…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up expectaions,Stayed for three nights very disappointed room not serviced one day breakfast not very good waited 25 mins for poached eggs long wait for table don't think we will stay again can get much better hotel for less money!,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience,"My partner and I were looking forward to the new years festivities.  Having prebooked for a non smoking Queen Hilton Deluxe room, I was gobsmacked to be accommodated in a standard Guest Room!! This was changed smoking deluxe room as the hotel was fully booked.  Not going back again sorry!",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great London Location,"We where in London over the New Years period, celebrating the start of 2015. Our check-in was so quick and simple our 6th floor room was at the rear of the hotel so had no view which was a pity however it did mean that the room was nice and quite so sleeping in after a couple of late nights was a real plus. The room was large and clean, with some charming quirky features such as creaking floor and old fashioned plumbing, these where not a problem they just added to the charm. The hotel is located within easy walking distance of the theatre district and of Charing Cross station so getting around was a breeze. The only downside was the bar, twice we waited so long to be noticed that we walked out and had drinks elsewhere, then on New Year's Eve after the fireworks we had a warming…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and awful,"Myself & my partner stayed here over the Christmas period. Firstly, our booking had gone through wrong and we had been booked as a twin room rather than a Queen Deluxe Plus room, after speaking to the receptionist he managed to put us into a ""Queen Deluxe plus"" room, but I would personally not say these rooms are anywhere near DELUXE. The bed was a small double, after complaining I was told ""this is OUR queen size"" by a very uninterested receptionist. The heating/air con system didn't work, two of the four plug sockets didn't work, a volume button in the bathroom didn't work, the mattress on the bed would slide off as soon as you sat on it. The room was extremely small for a 'deluxe plus' room. Very unimpressed for the amount that we paid for one night!",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A real treat,Spent 1st of two nights in London as a Homage guest at the Waldorf and it was just great. Exec room with lounge access was just the ticket. Wish I could stay there every time I'm in London but this was a special treat only. Can't recomment this one highly enough.. Brilliant location & top notch service from the Homage team.. Cheers guys.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Iconic, but outdated","My partner booked us a room for our anniversary, and chose this hotel because how iconic it is and the references it has in films (he is a big movie fan).  The outside is incredibly beautiful and the lobby staff were friendly. But when we got to our room... the decor was very old fashioned, there were cracks in our room, the TV quality was poor, the air con was just blowing out air with no heat (which can make people ill), the kettle was dirty, the bathroom did not feel clean (can wear and tear developing).  Lastly, my partner did not have a good night sleep because wind kept blowing through the window pane with a constant whistle noise. He isn't a complainer at all, so was waiting for an opportunity at checkouts to kindly highlight the situation, but the staff assisting us did…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst--and most expensive--Hilton I've stayed in,"This was the worst Hilton my husband and I have ever stayed in, and the most expensive. Our room had not been cleaned when we arrived, still conraining the detritus of the previous occupant. It took four complaints and 6 hours to get it cleaned and the bathroom was still dirty after being ""cleaned."" There was also mildew growing in the grout in the shower. We waited in a long line for breakfast each morning simply because the host had not been trained in how to seat people efficiently. On our second to last night our room filled with cigarette smoke coming from the ventilation system. It happened again a few hours later. We complained and were moved to a different room. This room was nicer, but the fridge and heated towel bar were broken. The hotel products were low quality and…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,don't be fobbed off,"Lovely old world hotel, pool from another era and straight out of a film set. Beware tiny and ragged gym towels! I was initially put in what seemed like a staff bedroom - hideous. Was put in a better room but it delayed settling in by an hour. Really good for theatreland.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lobby Lounge Lunch,My wife and I have been to the lobby lounge a few times as it is very convenient for a pre theatre meal. It provides good surroundings and the pianist is good. My wife's beef and ale pie was of good quality and my choice of shepherds pie was of obvious quality but almost completely cold. Too late to do much about it so somewhat unusually I decided to eat it. The bill came including a fairly expensive item we did not order or have. A little disappointing but almost certainly will return as it is so convenient.,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
3468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel poor attention to detail ,"We stayed for a number of nights between Christmas and New Year.  The hotel is in a good location and is centrally located which is one of its many plus points.  Check in was smooth and without any problems.  Rooms are decorated to a very high standard and they are well cared for by the maintenance teams.  House Keeping has lapsed and they lack real attention to details. This let's down the excellent work other staff and teams do.  The executive lounge is small and always busy. The selection is good and the food and beverage team work hard to maintain a good service. Other guests who are not used to staying in hotels with lounges waste the experience as they are common, rude, greedy and disruptive.  Breakfast let's this hotel down badly. When busy expect to sit in the ballroom …",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Could do better!,"Hotel was not good and did not represent value for money. Booked an Executive room, key did not work on arrival, no apology from reception. Room was overdue for refurbishment, heating not working, room not clean and pillows well past their sell by date. Breakfast was a disgrace, service poor, choice of food on the buffet poor, not enough tables set up for guests causing long queues for a table. This hotel does not rate higher than a medicore 2 star hotel but charges 5 star prices",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We booked this hotel as it was right next to the theatre so we thought we would treat ourselves.    The position was ideal and the room and bathroom were of a good size for London.  Maybe our expectations for a five star hotel were too high so we came away disappointed.  Spending over 300 pounds for dinner, bed and breakfast, we did expect the works.  There were lots of niggly things such as luggage taking 45 minutes, a phone call and a visit to the concierge,  to arrive.  They did give us a bottle of wine as an apology however.  The room had not been cleaned very well-I was able to write in the dust underneath the coffee table and there were white chalky stains in the mini bar where it looked like someone had spilled milk.  The gym and changing rooms were smart but the pool was…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Christmas Vacation,"I booked this hotel on Hilton Reward points. We stayed 5 nights between December 26 and 31st.. The service was outstanding: friendly, helpful, most amiable. The location is excellent: short walking distance from the Royal Opera, Covent Garden, English national Opera(we went to all of these)close to several theaters and walking distance from several attractions(i.e. Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery).Room was updated and was most comfortable and well appointed-free Wi-Fi, We usually order coffee in the morning upon waking up. This was the FASTEST delivery ever at any hotel(including very high end ones). After a couple of days, the waiter(same one) brought us a couple of danish ""just because"". The concierge staff was most helpful(arranged for transportation to and from the…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Advance booking required for Posh Dinner!,"Hotel is good, great location, great staff, but we couldnt get in to dinner or lunch as all they were fully booked with outsiders. Their Christmas specials are apparently much in demand but that wasn't much use to us as hotel guests.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Who gave this hotel 5 stars?,"I'm not sure who gave this hotel 5 stars but they definitely need to give 1 back (maybe give 2 back).  The building is beautiful and the location is great but that's about it. My room was small and plain, it really didn't feel very welcoming.  I couldnt find a ""do not disturb sign"" which resulted in housekeeping walking in after I just got out of bath and wasn't dressed! I have no idea why she wouldn't wait a second after knocking rather than immediately opening the door.  The bath has an uncomfortable ridge around it which stops you from laying back or resting your head. The breakfast isn't much better as there wasn't great choice it was all very average and very '4 star'.  The wifi in the rooms is quite expensive although at reception they boast that it's free in the lobby and…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fantastic hotel with great service,Stayed for 3 nights before Christmas 2014 and what a wonderful hotel location is perfect for Theatre Land and everywhere is so close. Service in the Hotel is wonderful and a real caring attitude by all staff. Will be back in the coming year.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely place to stay but lacking a bit in the '5 star',"My partner booked 3 nights here as a break in London between Christmas and New Year and we were expecting something top notch as it's a premium Hilton Hotel and in a prime location.   I'll start by saying there was nothing inherently wrong with anything but we came away not exactly 'wowed'. If it was 3 or 4 star you might expect this but at 5 star, it's nice to be made to feel a bit special.   The room (806) was great but slightly let down by an occasional background sewage smell in the bathroom. At such a place I would have hoped the house keeping staff would have spotted it and reported it for further investigation.  The drinks in the bar and breakfast costs are what you would expect from a 5 star Hilton (~£22 for full breakfast and £28 for a bloody mary and large glass of…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Noisy Room,"Could not check in at 3pm had to wait until almost 4pm, once in the room all we could hear was a  Terrible noise from the outside ventilation unit, complained to reception & was moved from the 2nd floor & given a room on the 5th floor , however the noise could still be heard and resulted in a very poor night's sleep, very disappointed considering this is a 5 star hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Location is great, room was ok but we had a Queen Plus so I was expecting more.  We had cocktails in the evening which were pretty uninspiring but reasonably pricey. The biggest downer was waiting 40 minutes for breakfast and then we were faced with mediocre food selection and quality. I just expected so much more for an expensive 5* hotel. We won't go back as we could have got much better for much less. Shame as it could have made a nice place to go to.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"Do ask to stay in the new rooms, as those are way better. Unfortunately, even in the better rooms the overall experience is disappointing. Dead plants in reception, dirty dishes in the hall, on the table outside the lift (some there for more than 6 hours), poor water pressure in the shower, dirty carpets in the room, no same-day laundry service, very little staff attention at breakfast (had to go find someone to clean the table and to order drinks) all showed a lack of attention to detail and care for the hotel and its guests. I did ask to speak to the duty manager, but gave up waiting in the lobby after 15min. On the positive side, valuables left in the room safe were returned and I was delighted with that and my praise goes to the staff involved.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,There comes a time when faded glory is just scruffy,"Stayed here a few years back when it just felt a bit ""tired"". Now it just feels like it needs a damn good refurb. Bathroom chrome was very marked and had lost its shine, bath was stained with rust. Room so small that the desk was so close that it you rolled over too much you would bang your head on the corner. Metal mugs for the tea and coffee transfer the heat so well you burn your mouth and the swimming pool (ok not part of Hilton but still the on site leisure club) is, frankly an embarrassment. Cold, paint and plaster flaking off the wall and really just very, very poor. Do yourself a favour and don't stay here. Better options are available,",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a five star hotel,"Following a long flight I arrived at around 8pm.... My room was in need of an update (apparently updated very recently). I asked reception to change the room for the following evening, which they did very professionally and with no argument. Exec lounge is very nice and plush; food offering is a joke, no point in having such a poor show. Great Wi-Fi in most areas.  Breakfast on Monday ceased at 10am (what?????) 10am surely not. So we missed out on breakfast, not a good start to day 2.  Location great for theatres, nearest tube is 10 mins walk so be warned...",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Review of London Waldorf Hilton,"My second stay in several months, a first-class hotel in a great section of London.  Wonderful staff.  Amilton at desk is superb.  Yasmin and Hannah in Executive Lounge are wonderful.  Unbeatable location.  Walk to West End theatres, pubs and restaurants.  Walk to Covent Garden.  We will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central London Luxury,"We have just spent 3 nights over Christmas in the hotel occupying  3 executive club rooms. The rooms were very well appointed and very comfortable, the staff very nice and service good. We had access to the executive lounge and were amazed at the standard of food and generosity with the refreshments on offer. Whilst this was not  the cheapest option for our 3 night stay we felt the value affored by the lounge really made a difference to our stay and made for  a memorable Christmas in  London.  The staff in  the lounge itsefl were excellent, great service and nothing too much trouble.  The hotel is well located for buses and tubes and so close to covent garden and it has a feeling of grandeur due to its architecture and fabulous dining room. If you want to spoil yourself without…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not bad but expected more,My partner and I and 2 friends spent 1 night at this hotel in September.   We had chosen this hotel as we had a voucher for a free night’s stay at any Hilton hotel of our choice following a previous poor experience at another Hilton hotel and we considered that this hotel would offer excellent service and luxury.  Check in was slow and we and our friends were advised that our rooms were not ready despite arriving after 3pm so we ended up waiting for about 20 minutes until our rooms were ready which was disappointing as we had tickets for the theatre and needed to have an early dinner and we wanted to make use of the swimming pool and facilities in the hotel before we left for dinner.  The room itself was very nice and classically furnished although not huge not that we had…,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A perfect christmas break,"I stayed at the Astoria Hilton , London on 24th December as part of a treat for my sister's 60th. We chose the hotel partly for its location. We could not have chosen better, everything was great, staff, rooms, service all very good. They could not have been more kind or helpful. Even a small complimentary birthday cake in the room ! We did not stay for christmas day lunch so I cannot comment on the restaurant.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A fine hotel, not really five star","We just finished a European trip for the Christmas holidays with my two daughters and booked the Hilton Waldorf because of its proximity to the theaters.  It is a decent hotel for sure, but not really one of the better Hiltons at which I have stayed.  On arrival, there were no doormen to help with luggage or even hold the door for us as we brought our suitcases in from the busy street on a rainy night.  We had two rooms, one much nicer than the other (although supposedly both were upgrades).  The nicer had a really large bathroom with tub and shower, the other just a shower in a much smaller bathroom.  The hot water in the shower of one room did not work, but we did not have time to get it addressed due to our busy schedule; fortunately we could just use the shower in the other…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceeded expectations!,"This was our second stay at the Waldorf, having enjoyed a pre Christmas stay last year we decided to do it again using my Hilton points. I booked via the website, a standard room, but opted to upgrade to an Executive room as we did so last year and it proved to be excellent value. This was a joint Christmas present to both my wife and I, an opportunity to enjoy the sights and sounds of London and the location of the Waldorf is superb being close to Covent Garden. I spent some time looking at the reviews and was a trifle worried by some of the negative comments, however my fears were unfounded as this proved to be a wonderful experience, better than last year and most enjoyable.  We had booked an early train via Victoria, cheap, but a longer journey though that only served to…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected better,"Stayed here twice, once was paid for but after filling out a complaint form we were offered a free stay which we took a week ago. There were a few problems the first time, such as late check in, cleanliness, however this last time the hotel just showed that it was not up to expectations. The most annoying thing is the access to the executive lounge which is by a door key, which never seems to work or work consistently when you want to access it, also there are a few things in the room that don't work, such as the TV volume knob in the bathroom which didn't work the first time. Just didn't meet my expectations for a hotel such as the Waldorf. However, the pillows were absolutely splendid! And location is obviously perfect.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"This is the worst hotel that I have stayed at in over a decade. Our room 724 was extremely small.  We could hear everything on the streets (which was quite a lot). The bed felt like a concrete slab. The breakfast and room service was terrible. I would call the front desk and would often never have someone pick-up. When I went to the concierge for help, it was like they were put out.   This hotel especially looked bad since we came from the Waldorf in Edinburgh -- which was wonderful.   Terrible in general,  but extremely terrible for the price!  Avoid. ",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay over Christmas. Staff were amazing!,"We stayed two nights at Christmas. The staff were all excellent, and not miserable even though they were working over Christmas.  They gave us a warm welcome. We booked an executive room, and paid extra for a suite upon arrival. It was amazing. Everything was wonderful about this hotel, and we were able to check in early. The executive lounge offered a relaxing atmosphere with nice food and drinks. Can't wait to go back!  Thank you for making our Christmas so special.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing afternoon tea,"After looking forward to this birthday celebration I was most disappointed with this visit.  I would never book here again.  Firstly, we were cold.  And the room never heated up the whole two hours we were there.  Best part of the day was the harpist.  The minute we sat down, a wine waiter came with a basket of champagne, produced the most expensive, and proceeded to pour it.  My friend who had agreed to the champagne, did not realise it was the most expensive one he had lifted out of the basket.  There were another 4/5 bottles of a cheaper champagne but we never were offered the chance of it. At £30 a glass each, I could have gone out and bought a bottle for that.  The sandwiches were ok, but just ok.  Scones were delicious, but the cakes were poor quality.  And who give two…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Hilton hotel with WOW factor,"Stayed here as I was taking my wife to the theatre to see Mama Mia, which was just one minute walk from the hotel. As you enter this wonderful old building, you cannot fail to love the shear opulence of this magnificent building and completed by a warm welcome from front of house staff. Lisa who checked us in was extremely polite and carried out a faultless speedy check in. Our room was not ready as we were early, but she was very quick to offer us an alternative room and even phoned us in our room after a few minutes to ensure were happy with everything. Our nice size room was magnificent in every way, that was nicely furnished and a first class bathroom with over bath shower. We popped into the executive lounge for a quick coffee and was very impressed how it was furnished…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect weekend away,"Everything about our stay was perfect!!! concierge team couldn't do enough for you!! We we're even able to keep our luggage there before check in and after check out! Perfect location. The  best part of the stay by far was having the executive lounge included in our room, which includes breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening canapés, with snacks and drinks included through out the day.All food that we had during our stay was lovely. The room was perfect!! Breakfast was served in stunning surroundings.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dusty and dirty old rooms need a clean!,This is a old hotel with plenty of character but the rooms are showing their age.  My room was very cold and the heating system was very noisy.  The carpet on the floor was stained and there were crumbs and hair visible.  The main lampshade had cobwebs on it and the room was generally very dusty.  The bathroom was a good size but the seal on the shower leaked which meant I had to put towels on the floor to absorb the water.  The room was not made up each day so I had to order new towels in the evening.  There is a constant buzzing noise in the corridors near the lifts.  Overall this place needs a good deep clean and the rooms need freshened up. Very disappointed on that front.  Location is good and staff were nice.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Happy surprise.,"Staying here over Xmas and expectations were low based on it being a Hilton.  However the hotel is really very lovely.  The decor is good, the rooms clean and well sized.  The staff are pleasant, friendly and helpful. The concierge found us a great restaurants at zero notice and after my wife came down late for breakfast the server went into the kitchen and made her some eggs specially.  The gym is LA Fitness so excellent too.  The location right by Covent Garden is another big hit. You can walk everywhere easily.   About the only slight downside is the bar. It's a bit soulless. But that's it. We will be back!  ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mediocre,"Stayed one night as wanted to see Southbank Christmas market of which hotel was the ideal location - hopefully with a bit of luxury! However, not impressed - especially as it is supposed to be a five star hotel. Asked for early check in (although not guaranteed), but was told no executive suites available until 3pm (normal checking in time). Lobby very small and not inviting. Receptionist lady was very helpful. Accessed suite around 2:30pm.  I wouldn't have said it was an executive suite! Stayed in premier inns with same quality rooms! Twin bathroom sinks - marble and spacious. Bath large and constant hot water. Lower shower handle cracked and leaked when in use. Mould on carpets between double glazing. Room service charges quite expensive. Food was luke warm when it arrived,…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a luxury hotel - although staff and location save it,"The Waldorf Hilton is categorised as one of Hilton's top brands but though they have done a pretty good job of upgrading this Aldwych hotel it doesn't cut the real mustard as a luxury hotel for me. Smallish rooms, smaller bathrooms, tiny wardrobes all hold it back in terms of the comfort of the stay and the breakfast was one of the most disappointing I have had in a supposedly top class London hotel for a long time. The big advantages here are the hotel's location - it is ideal for strolling around the West End and for all the major sights, theatres and other London attractions - and the staff, who were a delight with their freindly, helpful approach to guests. Some of the public rooms such as the Palm Court are impressive and I have to say that the mass catering, I was…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Going down hill....,"We've stayed previously at The Waldorf and always had a room on floors 1-5.  This time we were allocated a room on the 6th floor. Oh dear, not 5 star luxury I'm afraid.  Tired, shabby room with thin curtains and single glazing looking into a central atrium with the glass roof of the Palm Court below where a party was booming out.  The ""Good Godfrey's"" Bar serves a poor selection of wines that are eye wateringly overpriced and the service isn't a patch on what it used to be only a years ago.  Breakfast is the usual Hilton buffet and whilst better than a standard Hilton isn't what you'd really expect in a proper 5 star hotel.  Mugs for coffee and paper napkins! They also play horrible thumping music during breakfast which after a while makes you want to leave (maybe that's why…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing to say the least!,"Firstly my apologies to all staff I encountered as you were all excellent but the hotel, it's ambience and quality is living on past reputation and exceptionally disappointing! What was once an iconic hotel in the heart of London is now totally second rate.  Afternoon tea was served in the Homage a very uninviting bland restaurant. Food quality was mediocre at best and what I had hoped was going to be a treat for my partner was almost an embarrassment! Our waitress however was delightful! I would like to comment on breakfast but as we were unable to gain access to the restaurant I requested a refund which gave us the opportunity to enjoy something far more superior for a similar price in Covent Garden close by!!  The only plus point about the hotel is it's location. Otherwise…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant enough,"The name suggests a degree of luxury that I didn't feel matched the reality. The hotel is nice enough on first sight but pulling up outside by the buses and staying on double yellows while you go in and find someone to valet park the car isn't quite what I expected. The Reception staff were extremely helpful and pleasant at check-in. We had a room which entitled us to use of the Executive Lounge. Executive ...maybe but exclusive? No. We went in there late morning - no 'all day snacks' and you have to make your own drinks! Early afternoon there were some finger sandwiches, badly presented unlabelled cakes , warm scones and cream. Ok quality. We decided that third time lucky might be the case and went in to relax for a few minutes before heading out to the theatre. It was…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent for the theatre district and Covent Garden,"Stayed here for one night as wanted to look around Covent Garden and catch a show. Location is excellent for this, just off The Strand where busses to everywhere in London are numerous. Room was upgraded and nice and clean with lovely bathroom.  Room was very hot though and so I left the window ajar whilst I went to the theatre.  They have a turndown service which was great - although they shut the window, so when I got back room was very hot which unfortunately didn't do much for a good nights sleep.  Bed was very comfy though and no street noise.  Breakfast was OK but busy which has been noted in other reviews.  the  free wifi for HH Gold/Diamond was easy to connect to and fast.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Something special,"Spent one night at this hotel,as part of the package was afternoon tea.Really enjoyed the experience of the Waldorf,the room we had was very comfortable and a small touch of luxury. Only thing to spoil it was the chaos at breakfast the restaurant wasn't able to cope with the amount of people who were waiting to be served.We waited in an ever growing line of people and was given the chance to eat in the bar area. After sitting for a while and with no-one in attendance we was told that meals where not served in that area so we had to go back to the resturant to wait for a table.We finally got to have breakfast but this wasn't a good experience, no plates/food was cold/ and some food had run out and we had to wait for fresh egg's to be brought out these weren't cooked properly.…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average food,"I have to say the hotel and the Resturant are very grand. I would expect nothing less from a hotel like this in London. The service was ok and the did mess up our bill but sorted out straight away. They hadn't taken the money we had already put down as a booking deposit.   The food was average dressed ok, tasted ok I could have cooked it.  The best bit was I had asked them to do something nice for my friend birthday and the did. They brought him a lovely chocolate cake with candles and sung him happy birthday, so that was great. Would like to come and try it again. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sometimes it's best not to go back,"We stayed here quite a few years ago and have always wanted to revisit. It was disappointing. The room we had was very small overlooking an internal courtyard. On checking In we didn't even get the customary, breakfast is between x and x, the lifts are over there, you're on the 6th floor. We weren't asked for a card so that we could put things on our room. No we hope you have a lovely stay. No would you like to book a table for dinner. We were just handed the key and that was that. We had a drink in the bar area and nibbles were brought - but no napkin to wipe fingers. Attention to detail really is needed in a hotel like this. So, all in all a disappointing stay, I'm sorry to say. Oh and no free wifi.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf,"Fantastic location and hotel, close to everything you would want in London. Our only problem was with the dinning experience so just check that there are no large parties going on in the room next door when you book this luxury  restaurant, ours was at Christmas time and the noise level was high.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Building in a perfect area.,We were only staying for one night and were almost 2 day's in London. We have visit the highlights off London and we have seen the musical Mama Mia. The location of the Hotel was perfect and we have had a lovely stay in this beautiful Hotel.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,horrible service,"I had a very bad experience at this hotel, which I stayed for eight days.  The worst was that I did not get maid service for four consecutive days.  After three days, all the towels and glasses were dirty, so I called room service first thing.  Later that day, no towels.  A discussion with the front desk proved not effective, nor did a call later that night.  Finally, the next day I got maid service.    Secondly, checking in at 11am (I had early checkin), but they would send me a text when ready.  Since I had a heavy work laptop, I chose to take the Big Red Bus.  No text.  When I resorted to showing up at aroung check-in, my room was ready and the bag was there.  So, the text thing did not work.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tiny rooms and uninterested barcstaff,"I stayed one night at  Hilton Waldorf.  The staff just looked and acted like they didn't want to be there. The bar staff chatted amongst themselves rather than serving the customer. Towards the end of the evening i was more or less kicked out of the bar and presented with my  bill. Breakfast was very ordinary and at £22 you would expect better than the cold fried eggs on display. I would not rush back, although I did get a great deal and the location is perfect for Covent Garden and the surrounding area. ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,How can I sleep?,"Sleep is clearly not a priority for this hotel. I'm above a ballroom with a band blasting away on a weeknight, and the bed is ridiculously uncomfortable.  Will be checking out tomorrow. This is unacceptable. Yes the hotel location is good, but the hotel is tired and in need of a refresh.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Classy, well-situated hotel","The welcome was warm and personal. The room was very comfortable, quite roomy and well-prepared by the housekeeping staff. The bathroom was modern, clean and roomy. Very quiet, despite overlooking the Aldwych crescent. A visit to the Titanic-era Palm Court is a must-see. Well situated for theatres and for interesting restaurants.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Acceptable,"Just returned from a 3 nights stay with my wife and daughter. loctation is very nice especially if you are upto musicals etc. The room a exe. plus on 2 floor are nicely  renovated recently and just big enough for the 3 of us. The restaurant and lounge average experience. The hotel itselves need an update here and there (incl. more cleaning). The staff generally friendly and helpfull. So all in all a good stay, however the expectations might have been to high. We have stayed other places in London and might do that again.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Super convenient location and a reliable, good hotel","Stay here regularly on business trips to London and am seldom disappointed. However, all staff seem to be Eastern European and struggle with English. At breakfast service could be improved. Their breakfasts are great, though, if expensive. At the hotel rate, breakfast should be included!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I don't recommend The Waldorf Hilton,"Simply doesn't feel like home. Room wasn't available at check in. Blocked room was nothing special as the front desk makes you believe. Great breakfast. Rooms are renovated. What I like the least at the hotel is that I always felt like the staff did you a favor. Either way, good location. I'll try another property next time.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"I took my daughter here last week for a special treat of which it wasn't. The welcome,the service and the decor was not very impressive.There was one Christmas tree just outside the door of the dinning room if it wasn't for that you wouldn't have know it was Christmas.The decorations was poor I fact none! I did express my time with the manager of the hotel but he really didn't seem to bothered! I wouldn't go back here if some one paid me. I went to the Ritz a few weeks ago for lunch and it was amazing,everything was A1 and the Christmas decorations were out of this world.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Trading on its famous name,"This is our second visit to this hotel, and really, we won't be returning again.  We booked an executive room on a bed and breakfast tariff, fully prepaid through Hilton.com.  When we arrived the receptionist told us that she had upgraded us as my husband had recently received a Diamond Club card through British Airways.  She made it out that this was a huge privilege, and she would throw breakfast in as well.  At the time we didn't recall exactly what our booking was so we were quite pleased.  However, when we saw our room we realised that what she had actually 'upgraded' us to was a disabled access room, not even on the Executive floor.  The Executive lounge, which was serving drinks etc at 6pm was so small that there were no seats at all.  One gentleman in front of us, who…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,I was one lady out of a group of six that had booked for pre-theatre matinee lunch. The service by surly waiter and waitress was shockingly slow and some of the food was inedible. For example the  pie was barely warm with grizzly beef and the sandwiches stale.  The excuse -they were short staffed - really this is not good enough - especially at the prices you pay here. Avoid this hotel at all costs - unless you want mediocre service and food at exorbitant prices.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
3516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rather shocking,"This was my third stay at the Waldorf Hilton, and sadly, will be my last. After flying into Heathrow from Las Angeles, we arrived after check in time, to find that our room was not ready. During our stay, housekeeping repeatedly dropped the ball at servicing our room, and we had to call to get clean towels. Breakfast was included as my spicule is a hilton gold member, and it was rather pitiful too, it was so bad I could only drink the coffee. We stayed there, because we had previous great experiences, but the last visit certainly ended all loyalty I had to this property. We made our displeasure know, and it was brushed off by the hotel, so if you're reading this review, and need a hotel in London, pass this one by.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Tiny rooms, clean, good location for theater","Underwhelming for such an important location. No minibar, but quiet rooms, although the view of the dingy inner courtyard was depressing. The service at the desk was nice and I guess they have a new gym but I was unable to use it---too busy. Convenient to theatres and covent garden is fabulous at Christmas time",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business trip - Waldorf,I recently spent 4 nights at the Waldorf Hilton in London on business.   Room was really comfortable and quiet. Was a little disappointed that my coffee bar had not been refilled and that there was only decaf coffee available and it was never replenished for the extent of my stay. Not something that would usually bother me but not what I would have expected from a hotel like the Waldorf.   Service in the breakfast room was also disappointing.  Overall the stay was good and comfortable but I am not sure it is worth the money.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"The hotels location is excellent . Close to two tube stations , around the corner from theatres and Covent garden literally a five minute walk  Within easy walking distance of the river Thames and you can easily walk to Regent Street , Bond Street etc  I loved the decor in the hotel which is contemporary , complimenting however the traditional aspects of the the hotel . The bedroom was extremely comfortable with a large bathroom which was superb  The theme within the hotel is 1920,s and there are fabulous prints adorning the walls  After contacting the hotel for more information about the prints they provided me wit the suppliers details which I thought was incredible service  The food that we had was of a huge standard served by professional but friendly staff   I would most…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A nice stay, pretty good manager","Had a nice stay at this property.  While not everything is perfect there surely were many positive experiences.   We enjoyed the breakfast in the dining room and although we did not opt for the hot choices, we enjoyed a good selection and quality of foods.   Several of the servers were polite and helpful, and they managed the flow quite well as some mornings there was a large demand.  The line-que quickly disappeared and seated.  The lounge was also a pleasure.  Sometimes overcrowded, depending on the manager on duty, that was taken care of, or was not.   There was one fellow who was very proactive in managing the overflow, sadly the staff did not follow his lead when he was not present.  The same for the canapes offerings, if they weren't replenished or weren't up to snuff,…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to usual Hilton standards,"As very regular visitors to Hilton hotels around the world, I was looking forward to our one night stay at The Waldorf in central London. Sadly I have come away disappointed. Although we were apparently upgraded to higher standard room, the furnishings were very basic with a small'ish double bed which was hard and uncomfortable (definitely not the usual Hilton brand of mattress). There were not enough pillows which made our night uncomfortable. The black and white wardrobes were stark and overbearing and reminded me of a padded cell! The usual toiletries and towels etc. but the bathroom was cramped. The staff are excellent but working in a cramped reception area. Overall disappointing. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a disappointment,We visited the Waldorf yesterday with our theatre goers group prior to visiting the theatre. The lunch had been pre booked many months beforehand but due to favourable traffic conditions on the journey from Cambridge to London we arrived half an hour early.  Imagine our disappointment when we were told to go to the bar because the table wasn't ready. When we went to the bar they would not serve us because they said we should wait until we were seated in the restaurant and then order drinks.  So much for wanting an aperitif and they missed a trick because they lost the sale of potentially 40 pre lunch drinks. The service at the tables were somewhat haphazard and when we tried to order wine we were told that they had no Sauvignon Blanc [priced at £26 to £29 a bottle] so we were…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointment,"A real disappointment; faded splendour; overpriced. We were given an un-renovated executive room (605) which has grey walls, grey curtains, creaky floors and chairs my granny threw out 50 years ago. If you are thinking of topping yourself, this room will help push you over the edge. Dire. We immediately requested a room change and got moved to a renovated executive room on the 4th floor. Much better but nothing to write home about (or to Tripadvisor!). Roomy, nice decor, B&W themed spacious bathroom with great rain shower, comfy bed and quiet. Complementary water and coffee but no tea bags. A days wifi costs 15quid which is too steep but free to Hilton Honors Gold members. Swimming pool looks great in the photos but surrounding walls are falling apart - the only non-rotten…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf weekend part 2,"More of a Hilton whan the Waldorf. Clean, quiet and comfortable. May not be as a grand as some of the others but not bad. Staff where excellent, but thin on the ground in some areas. Excellent location, 5 min walk to Trafalguar Square. Food is OK but not exceptional, great looking iced buns at breakfast but sadly has dried up edges. Great fun watching guests trying to use the hotel toaster as it ejected toast to the front, then to the rear.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,TRADING ON IT'S NAME!,14 of us stayed for the weekend whilst going to see the Jersey Boys. We chose to drive and parking was valet at £49 a night. There is no setting down area so we had to leave the car on a bus stop outside while finding the concierge. We were assured if we got a ticket the hotel would pick it up. The car was parked after 10 minutes. The hotel is very close to Covent Garden which is a great and taxi's are easy to grab outside. We returned to the hotel after shopping and decided to sit in the bar. It was mid afternoon tea time. We waited 25 minutes for a G and T and a prosseco as there were only 2 members of staff for the very busy bar. This happened again in the evening after returning from the show. We were also advised by another guest to get to breakfast early as the lines were…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful waldorf,"THANKYOU to the Waldorf for a fabulous weekend , superb location for Covent garden and the strand. The executive rooms are a must for the executive Lounge facilities...breakfast buffet and pre theatre aperatifes and drinks. Must commend all the staff for attention and friendly help, we had a seven month old baby in our party and everything we needed was provided.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Must have been one of the best hotels in London in the years gone by,"I knew central London is place to enjoy driving or parking. I was assured by Hotel.com that this hotel has a car park for £50 per day. On arrival I had to squeeze in a space between two bus stops to unload. We were assisted by a porter to unload and take our luggage in. On inquiring about the car park we were told to look for NCP car park  in the next road, which as about 10 minutes for me to drive. The reception area looked very ordinary but staff very helpful The rooms were average size but the corridors, lifts, walls all look old crying for refurbishment. The location was very good, close to river Thames and south bank We did not think we got our moneys worth.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Would not stay anywhere else in London,"Booked 4 rooms for a family weekend and received 5 star treatment from the moment we arrived until the time we left. The restaurant made room for our party of seven with no problem or fuss. The staff at this hotel are second to none and always strive to deliver a first class service, given this a very busy and popular location they do a wonderful job. I would not consider staying anywhere else when we visit London. Well recommended.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fantastic,"Such a beautiful place to stay. Great room, great view. Excelent location, with great transports around. Located near the theatres, and in the center of london. Congratulations to all the workers for such a good work.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Favourite Hotel in London,"Great Hotel, Great Staff, Great food, and superb location close to Covent Garden and Thames. Stay here every year. Room 603 very nice and quirky. Refurbished rooms very classy Executive lounge peaceful and friendly. Afternoon Tea a must. Concierge guys are spot on with their help and knowledge.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, clean room, revolting food, massively overpriced.","Fantastic location, swift and polite check in.  My luggage did not automatically follow me to my room, but it was a busy day and did arrive shortly after telephoning to request it.  My room itself was one of the refurbished, larger executive rooms. It was pleasant and spacious enough, but lacking any sort of ""wow"" factor.  Standard minibar / kettle / safe / ironing board that you get anywhere, somewhere to sit and a queen size bed with good quality linen.  TV was modern and good quality, but fed by an old in room entertainment system which is slow  to react and poor quality on the screen with minimal choices.  If you have Sky, Cable or Freeview at home, you will be sorely disappointed with the so called selection on offer.  The marble bathroom was clean and well presented. Tea…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
3532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A disappointment,"We booked this hotel for one night last night and upon arrival, had high hopes.  The room was tiny the decor was nothing special.  One of the plug sockets was loose on the wall and the bathroom, although clean was dated.  The toilet didnt fully flush and the tiling was poor.  Only one tea bag was supplied in room and we had to ask for more.  After our show we arrived back at the hotel for coffee and a quick snack in the lounge.  We ordered a decaf and a cappuccino and received a decaf and a latte.  After forty minutes, we asked another waitress when we may expect our food.  She never returned and our original waitress arrived to give us our crockery and cutlery with no update.  She apologised for delay and asked us if we wanted a complimentary drink.  We received our food nearly…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient. Some real charm. Skip breakfast.,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for work recently. I ended up in a top floor room, where the elevators don't go, so had to climb one flight of stairs (I was warned, so not complaining). It was very charming, sort of a little garret with rooftop views of the neighborhood. No complaints at all about the room--bed was comfortable, bathroom was fine (water pressure a bit low, but that may have been a top floor issue). Wifi was solid, though an added expense. Location is terrific, near several Tube stops and walking distance to quite a bit. I was disappointed by the breakfast buffet. It was a bit standard and the staff seemed insufficient, so it was difficult to order any/more coffee or tea, or the egg dishes on the menu. Oh, and the hair dryer was hidden in the back of the top shelf…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I expected better,I booked the Waldorf as a treat weekend for myself and my girlfriend. Arriving by taxi at the hotel was nothing special and the service on arriving left me wanting. I did arrive early and was not expecting the room to be ready on arrival. The reception was very pleasant and I duly filled in my reservation information including my mobile number as they offered to text me when the room became available....the text never did arrive. I asked for some evening wear to be pressed and delivered to my room which was duly done. Returning to the hotel in the evening I checked in at reception and was duly given my room keys. I did have to ask where the lifts were and how to get to my room which should be tendered quite readily. I also asked about the restaurant for breakfast and again felt…,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5 star by London standards,"We stayed in this hotel for 1 night on a shopping/theatre trip. Although very centrally located there is no one to help with bags and the reception is up a flight of stone steps. The foyer is very sparse and staff, although pleasant, were very thin on the ground! We arrived at 12 noon and we informed that our room was not ready, but that for an extra £15 we could upgrade to a 'plus' room. The room was comfortable but small, and furniture shabby and stained. Also, a small thing, but there was only 1 tea bag so one of us had to make do with a coffee first thing in the morning. We had a drink and a sandwich in the bar in the evening. Service was slow and the toasted  sandwich was cold and limp. Although the hotel has a gym it was being refurbished and we were offered LA Fitness, a…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A solid choice...,"I was at a loss for where to stay in London for my first overnight there.  I knew I could not go wrong with the Hilton brand, and I was correct.  My friends and I stayed there two nights.  The hotel offered very good service.  The rooms were equipped well.  It reminded me of my stay at the St.Francis in San Francisco where the name and location are really the selling points of the hotel.  As long as the hotel delivers a neat room with the usual perks then the guest will be satisfied.  And yes, I was satisfied.  Still, each time I ordered breakfast in my room, something small was missing from it (a package of cereal or the piece of fruit), and the tray was not picked up for hours.  The bathroom shower was a bit rusted and the towel heater was cold.  The mounted television had…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not value for Money,"Currently staying at this hotel.  Booked for 7 nights.  Quite a pricey choice and certainly  not my best.  Apart from the great location, the hotel is pretty standard.  Wi-Fi is absolutely atrocious and getting hot water has been a struggle.  The hotel may also be understaffed.  Very difficult to have someone at the front desk or other services answer you call on a first attempt.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel with Top helpful well trained Staff,"I cound not fault this hotel. The Hilton Waldorf on Aldwych London is ideally placed for the west end theatre land. The hotel in all departments was excellent and we throughly enjoyed it. The staff are all very welcoming and efficient, I was most impressed with them all.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,The Waldorf seems prestigious from the exterior but seriously needs an upgrade/refurbishment inside. The room we stayed in was modern enough but nothing prestigious. The staff we encountered unfortunately did not make our stay a pleasant one. I would expect a lot more pleasant people and attitudes in such a hotel. It seems they are living off their dated reputation and not making further efforts for make everyone's stay the best possible. The pool in the basement is appalling and extremely unhygienic. Very dangerous slippery floor around the pool and the steam room did not have a rinsing shower inside. Mould in every corner. Not impressed.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,mini weekend break,"excellent ,everything  just perfect  therefore the room was so clean and well appointed  staff were very willing to help in every way possible.  the concierge was very positive and  so took away any doubts we may have feared. thank you .",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, perfect setting just a couple of issues","Stayed at the Waldorf Hotel on a Friday night,  Arrived, everyone is very friendly. As our room wasn't ready (we were early) we left our luggage with the concierge and were told that our luggage would be taken to the rooms. Had a little look/shop around covent garden and seven dials. Came back to the hotel at 4.00pm and we had to chase up our luggage as it wasn't in the room.  The room itself was lovely, very clean and lovely furniture.  The bathroom was also very nice with lovely toiletries. The bar area is very grand but isn't big enough for the guests as many had to stand and wherever that was, you had to keep moving out of the way of people, as it was like a wide corridor with seating.The breakfast the next morning however wasn't so good. The breakfast room itself is lovely.…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Three star hotel in five star location,"Clean and serviceable, but by no means luxurious. Rooms recently renovated, but common areas and lobby need a face lift. Service warm but erratic, especially at breakfast. Can't best the location, short walk to Thames and sights and near tube station. In a West Side, so a hundred pound cab fare from Heathrow, take the train.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5 star service,"The location is excellent therefor we booked a 3-night bonus stay at Waldorf. When arriving late Friday evening, we were assigned a deluxe Queen room. An upgrade, according to check-in personal. (I am Hiltonhonors Gold since many years). The room itself was fine, nothing special. It smelled strongly of detergent..Since we were hungry I called room-service. They could not take my call and asked to call me back i a few minutes. It took about 20 but I ordered dinner for me and my daughter . It would take 30 minutes but he would try to make it faster since they did not call back in time..yeah right..we got the food after 1 hour. In the morning, when we woke up - it smelled terribly in the room..of smoke. When we went down we asked check-in if they gave us a smoking room? They…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
3544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lavish luxury in London.,Lovely Art Deco luxury. The hotel was beautiful and we had a really nice overnight stay. However there did not seem to be enough staff to cover the number of guests adequately .  The prices of drinks were also comparatively high and I am sure they lose business as a result of this.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel in a great location,"I stayed in this hotel for one night only, as part of a short London trip with a friend. Our room was simply decorated in art deco style, and I loved it - and the understated bathroom with all the luxuries you would expect - but for those wanting a more fussy look, it may not please.  The hotel pool and spa are great - especially given you are in the heart of London, just by Covent Garden and close to the West End.  The staff in general were superb - from the wonderful doorman to the helpful spa staff who helped us sign in in double quick time, so we could use the pool before it closed. We had a great breakfast the next morning in that wonderful palm room - and again, the service was impeccable. I really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again - only for longer.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and great breakfasts,"The Waldorf is excellently located between the Strand and Covent Garden. It is unpretentious yet lovely. Try and get an upgrade to a bigger room on one of the upper floors. And be sure to partake of their superb breakfast. They could improve their lounge, which is right in the foyer. I stay here very often and it's like a home from home. They could improve their staff skills as they have some rather dour Eastern European staff. For regulars there should be a smile and some recognition. But it could be due to their being very busy and popular.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel with impeccable service,"Just stayed here for 5 nights. usually stay at The Westbury Mayfair but wanted to be closer to the theatre. My room on the 5th floor was perfect. Plenty of space, QUIET and very clean. Staff bent over backwards for me with every small request. Incredibly professional and accommodating. Location is great. Close enough to Leicester Sq and Covent Garden. Definitely going back!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff helpfulness and a Problem solved,"Our initial dinner booking was not confirmed by the Homage booking office team with the hotel, and due to technical kitchen problems (they had some broken ovens)  the initial response was we would not have our pre thearte dinner. The staff however did all they could to fit us in, they aranged the dinner for 5.30pm and we were provided with comlimentary champagne and choclates in our room as an apology for the mix up. What started as a disappoinment ended up as a very satisfied customer. We have been visting for 10 years and will do so again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor Service,"for a hotel like this the service from staff was very poor, at booking I stated that I needed an interconnecting room as we were travelling with my two daughters, I was told this was not a problem and it appeared on my booking form.  When we got to the hotel no one told us that we had not got interconnecting rooms and we only found out when we got to the room - when I rang reception I was told that it was not guaranteed and the hotel was full so there was nothing they could do.  As we had booked thinking we were in rooms joining each other we had only packed one lot of toiletries etc (hair brush etc) and as such were put in the ridiculous situation of having to run down the corridor each time we needed to use anything.  The hotel as way of compensation sent up extra towels and…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location",Cannot be beaten on location for value for money. Food and service of the quality to be expected of a Hilton. Central for most shows and an easy walk to Buckingham Palace and Oxford Street. We return time and time again.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel! Some tiny flaws but put right immediately by excellent staff,What a lovely weekend stay I had at the Waldorf a few weeks ago. There were a few tiny problems but these were ironed out quickly.   The room wasn't ready on arrival (4:30pm) as they had a huge party checking out the night before. They let me use the exec lounge as I am a diamond HHons member which in itself was lovely and they served an excellent traditional afternoon tea. They also sent a free bottle of wine to the room to say sorry.   The room was lovely and spacious by London standards. All the usual Hilton fayer.   The location is great for the West End.  And the building has a lot of history which adds to the place.   Thanks for a lovely stay!,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay but customer service lacking...,"We were very much looking forward to our luxury stay at the Waldorf.  We waited for absolutely ages to check in by 1 of the 2 members on the reception desk, as the people in front of us had clearly visited before and wished to speak to the head concierge, we then had to witness the greeting, flattering comments, various exchange of pleasantries and the hotels promise of extra wine on the table at dinner - it might have felt more sincere if this had been conducted away from the eyes of everyone! Whilst we felt the reception staff did their best it appeared that the concierges were in charge!  We did ask about wifi and was told it was extra, absolutely disgusting add on in a hotel of this standard but we're were not told that it was available in the lobby despite our enquiries.…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Charming,"this hotel has a lot of character, the rooms are great, although small they have every thing.  The down side is the service in the lobby and the Restaurant was slow and on one occasion we got the wrong items ordered.  The food was okay however very expensive.  The up side close to Covent Garden and the theatre",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"There was no VIP check in.The reception area was cold and unwelcoming. The room was not ready at 3pm, finally at 3.15pm they found us a room. We were placed next to a storeroom and everything was out on the corridor such as ironing boards etc, looked a mess. We ordered a newspaper non were delivered we had to ask. We don't like buffet breakfasts, you do enough of that at home. To us there weren't enough staff on duty and some of the staff were very inexperienced. The phone to the main reception did not work. No chair to the dressing table we had to ask. Not a great experience.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disapointed,"Room lacked the wow factor for the price, room looked old and tired,floor creaked and the bed was hard.Our stay was a one treat.I was looking for something special,would have been better off staying at a less well known hotel for less money.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pretty average,"Room ok, small but nice bathroom, no room to put your suitcase out. Some of the communal rooms like the ballroom are worth a look their own. The pool was pointless more than three people swimming and it's full. The steam room is likewise intimate to say the least. Godfreys bar, the rest of the rooms are all dated and could be spruced up whilst keeping its historic content intact.all in all pretty disappointing. Still charging for wifi what a rip off. Hilton in this day and age make it free!!!",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Posh hotel Waldorf Astoria, but no","Booked a guest room with smoking allowed first then I changed it because I got a promotion code from my work and I was then upgraded to Queen Hilton Room, but got the guest room instead. room instead, but floor boards was squeaking loud, no ash tray in the room got a sugar cup as ash tray, hose in the sink was leaking etc.  contact to any of the services by phone was impossible to hear or even understand what they said I have stayed at better Hilton hotels before so was very disappointed with this stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"I am suprised there are so many negative reviews about this hotel. Stayed here for the weekend while catching up with university friends. Booked using HH points. Given room on 3rd floor, overlooking the street. The windows are extremely well sound proofed and not once annoyed by street noise. The room was big by London standards and well furnished. Bathroom was massive with the usual Hilton toiletries. Check in a breeze, we had only hand luggage so did not need to avail of portering services but there was plenty of help available. Staff very helpful, my wife forgot her phone charger abd they were able to assist. In addition to meeting my friends it was also my birthday weekend, on check in to room cake and fruit was waiting. The cake was delicious. We were on a room only rate…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top Class,"Just had a weekend at The Waldorf. Fantastic. The room was immaculate and the bathroom huge, as was the bed which was so comfortable. Well worth going for the executive option,  enjoyed the evening canapes and drinks especially. For a theatre trip to either The Lion King or Mama Mia, the Waldorf is the perfect place to stay. We were staying to celebrate a special wedding anniversary and really appreciated the special touches in our room.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Service doesn't overcome faulty facility,4 night stay during conference at the hotel.  Heat didn't work day 1 and switched me to another room; this one smelled like a smoking room. Rooms were old and needed upgrading.  Conference breakout rooms were converted sleeping rooms anew were much nicer.  Maybe the facelift will get to the higher floors in the future.  Staff tried hard and was very accommodating.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Little outdated,"Don't expect a Waldorf Asoria experience. The hotel is central, the room is spacious for London standards and the staff are most helpful. But it's a little outdated and tired. No grandeur here, apart from the breakfast room.  Breakfast by the way is ample, large selection of both continental and British breakfast to choose from.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,ANNUAL LONDON THEATRE TRIP,"3rd stay at the Waldorf was spoilt by check in staff continually answering the telephone while booking us in, extremely poor service and delays while having Afternoon Tea, for which they could not find my booking and table next to us not cleared during the 2 hours plus we were in the restaurant.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand old dame of London,"Recently stayed here for three nights on a business trip to London, and enjoyed it immensely. The hotel itself has a fairly storied history, and that pedigree still manages to come through, which was great to see.  My room was on the 8th floor - changed with no hassle after there was no power in my original room on the 6th floor. Worth noting that the elevators only run to the 7th floor, with stairs to the 8th. The room was of a good size, with a small workspace. I'd rate the bed and bathroom both average - functional, and acceptable, but not the best I've ever had. The toilet was a little difficult to flush for some reason, but this didn't impact my overall experience in any material way.  Dining options include the lovely Good Godfrey's cocktail bar, named after a famous 20s…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,secret hotels,"No way is this a 5 star, really old tired small box room, had sewage problem in our toilet it stank and didn't flush, I stay in london quite often and this was no where near as nice as some 4 star, disappointed.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible Room Service/Restaurant Service,Visited for annual industry convention.  Room service slow and orders inaccurately filled.  Restaurant service also very slow. Seemed to be short staffed and/or poorly trained staff.  Has gone noticeably downhill since last year's visit.  Bed mattress also uncomfortable. Not going back next year.,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London - Walking distance to Everywhere,"Clean, neat, quiet and very well located. Besides, the afternoon tea and late snacks for the executive suites are really helpful. You are a few steps away of all major London postcards and hot hotspots, like British Museum, London Eye, Big Ben Tower, Theaters, Covent Garden, Apple Market and Soho District.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury London Treat!,"I booked a surprise trip to London for my wife's birthday and chose the Waldorf. We were treated absolutely brilliantly and little touches in the room made my wife feel really special.  The room was huge on the exec floor where there is an exclusive lounge. The bath has a TV you can watch whilst having a soak! It's located on the edge of Covent Garden, perfect for the theatre.  Staff couldn't do enough for us.  Brilliant service at a fantastic hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,70th birthday treat,"We stayed as part of my birthday treat.I had worked in London years ago and always admired the Waldorf Hotel.It looked so inviting & majestic,so this is where I chose to stay.Also we were in the right spot for The Aldwych theatre & Covent Garden We checked the rooms online and we chose a Queen Deluxe room.It all sounded &  great.We also plumped for their 24hr valet parking.A lovely chatty doorman took our bags inside then took my car to be parked. Reception was fine.All the front of house was as we expected. Then we were taken up to our room.That was where the dream ended. It was a really drab looking room( nothing like on line) in need of some redecoration.It wasn't dirty.But looked tired.The bathroom was clean but small.Generally not what we had in mind.It overlooked a sort of…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary,"We stayed here for the night last weekend to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. The hotel was nice and quiet and absolutely spotlessly clean!  The room was such a great size, huge king size bed and a flat screen TV in the bathroom!   We had petal decorations and a lovely card and cake as an anniversary gift which we very much appreciated.   Lovely breakfast in a majestic restaurant. Overall, it was faultless!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely historic property with modern amenities,"What a wonderful hotel! I've been here 4 days and have encountered only the friendliest, professional staff willing to help with any question or request. The building is beautiful, rooms are nicely appointed (single king bedroom) with high-speed wifi, strong water pressure in the showers, comfortable beds, central air and a good executive lounge. I highly recommend paying for access as the included breakfast each morning is excellent with a wide variety of hot and cold options. The executive lounge package also includes afternoon tea and refreshments and an evening cocktail hour but I wasn't able to experience either so I can't comment. I'll absolutely be staying at the Waldorf Hilton the next time I'm in town. No complaints, only praise.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Did we get an upgrade?   I think so!,"We hadn't actually planned on staying in London when we went to see the tennis at the O2, but seeing the top secret hotel deal on Lastminute.com at an 'iconic' hotel, we decided to extend our trip to include some retail therapy as well. We arrived extremely early; the doorman/concierge took our bag & directed us to the front desk, who were welcoming & helped us complete the check-in formalities.  Our room was not ready, so we were invited to leave our bags with the Concierge & head out to enjoy our day & to come back to collect our room key later, which we did. Mid-way through the afternoon, we received a text welcoming us to the hotel & advising that our room was now ready. when we arrived back at the hotel to collect our key, we were pleasantly surprised to discover that out…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Pulp Week,"Location very good and staff very helpful and friendly, concierge desk and doormen exceptional.  Unfortunately that's where it stops as far as praise is concerned because at the significant nightly rate it would be reasonable to expect a bit more.  The in room coffee tray wasn't fully replenished every day and the range of teas available stark. Rooms and general decor have an old feeling about them.  WiFi service and connectivity abysmal - snail pace slow and you had to continuously reconnect and punch in codes to get access.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The best concierge,Thank you to Daniel the concierge who looked after two lost nurses from Sheffield you are the best. He had lots of time for us despite the fact we weren't staying at the Waldorf. He made us feel most welcome and at home.  Again a big thank you  ,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday 3 day Event.,"Our stay at the Waldorf was excellent in all ways. It is friendly, caring and very convenient in the Aldwych. We always enjoy our stays at the hotel. Of course, as a West Wales born boy, where we usually are only parted from our money under anaesthetic, I do find London hotel prices a bit of a breath stopper, but there we go , money will only go in tax anyway. A great 3 day event for my birthday, so our stay was superb.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's a Hilton Waldorf in Every Way-- It Will Not Disappoint,"I would expect perfection from the London Hilton Waldorf-Astoria, and they delivered for us.  Immaculate clean room and common spaces, great bar, fantastic décor and location.  Wonderful old historic hotel that is being maintained like the treasure it is.  This is in the heart of the musical district if you're visiting, best location in town for that.  Staff was friendly and responsive, often anticipating your needs.  This was almost a four-start review, as I found the short hours of the executive lounge a bit inconvenient, and also I thought the breakfast in he lounge was a little simple although praiseworthy for including tomato juice.  However, the overall greatness makes up for that. The bar downstairs bills itself as having a world-class Bloody Mary, and it truly was both…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea Review,"This is a review of our afternoon tea experience - we did not stay at the hotel.  We were warmly welcomed by the doorman and given directions to the restaurant where afternoon tea is served.  Despite being early, we were seated and handed tea menus by a waitress that attended to us promptly and courteously throughout.  The choice of teas was very acceptable and the associated sandwiches and cakes were both plentiful and delicious.  At no time did we feel hurried, and even though had purchased through a promotional voucher, did not feel we were treated any differently from other customers.  The harpist played beautifully in the background.  The only negative point is that the tables for two (right hand side on entry) are placed uncomfortably close together.  One cannot help but…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointing.,"The positives: welcoming check in, great room in a fabulous area. However, as other reviews mention the pool area is very poor, quite unpleasant actually. We had booked dinner and whilst I can't fault the food it took over 2 hours to have 3 courses from a set menu. We had planned to go out afterwards but that wasn't possible! Breakfast was great but again a lack of staff meant delays in receiving coffee/tea. There are better Hilton's at a better price nearby.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cleaning could use work,"Perfect place to stay if you want to check in and find someone's used bar of soap in the shower complete with their hair stuck to it.  Later in my stay, the housekeeper Teresa probably would have found her dropped name pin under the nightstand if she actually cleaned there.  Come on, Hilton.  Please provide proper training to your staff",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not a 5 star,"A very average hotel.  Positives: location, large room Negatives: breakfast, hotel looks tired, in room dinning (food was cold), value, overall experience I always stay in 5 star, I will not stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average service & poor product,"Concierge team were very helpful, friendly and  Professional. Special thanks to Antonio. There were few things lacking in room such as coffee/sugar sachets were missing and not being replenished on daily basis. Room amenities were very basic and not suitable for a 5 star hotel. TV remote was not in the room and no ashtrays despite the fact I had a smoking room. They told me that they ran out of ashtrays. Room looks exhausted and not well cleaned. The room I stayed in needed a deep cleaning. The hotel reception messed up with my room billing by double and over charging my room charges. nothing is been done yet to fix it",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,london stay,"our second stay at this hotel this year. had a lovely room at the front on the 5th floor overlooking Aldwych but very quiet. great bed large and comfortable, well appointed bathroom with lots of very good toiletries and soft fluffy towels, air con that did what it was supposed to do without keeping us awake and a very good english help yourself breakfast. the check-in was quick and efficient and the concierge really helpful several times. not the cheapest hotel in town but its location and the staff make it worth the difference",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,FAB FEW DAYS,"Stayed at Waldorf 9th-10th november where are all these bad reviews coming from ???  place was lovely , staff lovely ,room fantastic 541 and room 115 nothing was too much trouble   if people have a problem with anything while staying there  why don't they just say when they are there ,instead of posting negative stuff on here ...i had a bed problem  needed an extra one sorted within half an hour and free drinks vouchers given as a gesture  honest go great location to use in bar while waiting for room to be sorted ..no trouble at all really happy with my stay  thank you Waldorf we will be back",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Dinner,"Attended this hotel with my wife for a special birthday dinner. Had a drink in the bar before, lovely relaxed atmosphere with pleasant staff.  Restaurant was lovely, service was impeccable from our waitress (Paulina). 3 course meal was lovely and very well presented.  Ok, the hotel maybe slightly dated but we felt that this adds to the atmospher of a historic hotel in a historic city.  A big thank you to the Waldorf staff especially Paulina.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,VERY ADEQUATE ALL ROUND,Just what it says on the tin  Small room for high price but London prices are extortionate so hey-ho  helpful staff but at these prices I resent being charged for (albeit high speed as advertised) internet,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired and needs some attention","For a basic business trip, the required needs are a clean room, fast internet, many plugs, a phone that works and decent room service.  There has been a patch work update which just makes the classic rooms seem disjointed.  The room service was quite disappointing with even the most basic mean arriving cold and poorly executed.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Booked afternoon tea here, wish we hadn't bothered! The food was average, the usual finger sandwiches, scones and cakes, nothing special. There wasn't really any atmosphere (it was very quiet as there were only a few people in there having afternoon tea) and the waitress we had was not very attentive to our needs (we had to try to grab her attention a couple of times while she was having a chat to the other waiting staff).  Other staff were setting up and moving tables around us as we were eating (looked like they were setting up for dinner).We thought having afternoon tea here would be a real treat as we have had afternoon tea elsewhere before and it has been fabulous but it seems here there wasn't even a dress code as such, 2 men came in and one was wearing a tracksuit and the…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Queen deluxe room, superb stay, really enjoyed are time at the waldorf","We had a fantastic weekend in London, closest tube station too this hotel is Temple, beware as Covent Garden is a nightmare there are no escalators. On arrival staff were pleasant and helpful, we got asked if we wanted are bags taken too the room. The price was £370 for one night, it was a business function I was attending with my partner so I didn't pay. I was most pleased with the room, the room was massive, bed was large and very comfortable, bathroom was as big as the room and the dress room was also a big help for us. We looked at one of my friends normal queen rooms and it was very small. I must have said if I had paid £300 for that small room I would have been very disappointed. The business function was very good and entertaining. Staff were quite slow and so was the…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"We booked this hotel for one night whilst we were in London for a weekend.   It's undoubtedly got a great location for covent garden, soho and the west end. We had a top floor double room which wasn't bad but there were a couple of maintenance points as you find with bigger hotels. As four star hotels go it's okay and if you don't want to spend £300+ per night it's a great choice.  We had breakfast here which was the usual buffet style and was average. The staff were all lovely and even though we only mentioned it was our anniversary once a cake we sent to our room without our asking which was a lovely touch. We would definitely use the hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing for a 5 star hotel,We booked the Waldorf as it is a traditional 5 star hotel in London and we fancied a bit of luxury.  We arrived at 3pm normal booking in time to be informed that our room was not ready and as we had booked an Executive room we could wait in the Executive lounge.   This was very nice serving complimentary refreshments and afternoon tea.  However after an hour of waiting we were getting restless as we had planned to take our daughter for a swim and have a rest before going out for an early dinner and then on to the Theatre.  We finally got in to our room soon after 4pm.  We took our daughter down to the pool which is run by LA fitness.  The staff were very helpful however the pool area needed some attention as the area looked very tired and in need of improvement.  Our room was…,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs updating,Visited Jan 2011 - The first room we were given had a broken bed pushed up against a wall. Once moved we were much happier but we wouldn't go back unless we knew the hotel had been fully renovated. Being close to Covent Garden makes it a great location however.,Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
3591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,an excellent hotel in a unique city,this hotel is ideally situated for the royal opera house and many of the west end theaters. the hotel is impressive and has a very good restaurant and bar. the fitness center is lively and the indoor pool is entirely satisfactory.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Easy living in the heart of theatreland,"Great location right next to Covent garden and surrounded by theatres. We had a double room, which was a nice size, bed was really comfy, had a great nights sleep. Hotel is large and can feel a little impersonal, but standards were high and we had no complaints.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Something is wrong here,"We expected clean and fresh accommodations for the optional update we selected with a larger suite.  We stayed in room 627, the couch was the most disgusting, worn out, plush velour, stained pice of furniture I've seen...  Seriously, it looked like a backdrop from a 1960 porn movie...  The remaining furniture in the room was average... That tells me the leadership team is absent or overwhelmed.  The shower had black mold stains, finger prints on the toilet, light fixtures and overall dirty room. On a positive note, you'll find the staff very friendly and accommodating.   The executive lounge is very nice.  Overall, the room was very dirty and worn out.  The hotel is needing some detail attention with housekeeping and furnishings...  Would expect more from the Hilton Brand...",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Timeless elegance, peaceful but central location.","The Waldorf never fails to deliver. I stayed here on points with my tweens daughter. The room was freshly decorated and clean - although (a personal bugbear) true to Hilton tradition, the double room had toiletries for one. The room was quiet (we faced away from the street) but the door needed to be slammed shut when we went in and out of the room. Our continental breakfast was good, however it took 15 minutes both mornings to get offered coffee/tea; and both mornings the restaurant ran out of artisan bread (the type you slice yourself). We did have to ask for a bathmat for the slippy bath, and also for a sheet that actually fitted the bed (another Hilton oddity sheets that don't always fit) and this was sorted immediately. The staff here are so friendly, reception & concierges…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"My wife and I chose this hotel because we had Hilton Honors points and really liked the location.  It turned out to be perfect and we really enjoyed our stay.  We only stayed two nights in London so we did not spend very much time at the hotel.  The rooms themselves are a little small but the bathroom was fantastic.  The location had to be the best thing about the hotel.  It sits right in the middle of the theatre district and is within an easy walk of restaurants, bars etc..  Also, just outside the hotel is one of many bus stops for travel around the city.  I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone making a trip to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Great location.,We usually stay here  twice a year for theatre breaks. The hotel is prefectly located for the west end. Despite what others reviewers are saying we have never had a bad room. There was a noticable drop of quality in the main restaurant but nothing that would put me off staying. It may only be a staffing issue than could be resolved next time. The only thing that really spoiled this trip was the obnoxious behaviour of other British guests.,None,4.0
3597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb room and service,i am shocked by some of the reviews as we found our room to be superb - beautifully decorated - my husband and I are fussy and notice even small things like skirting boards scuffed or paint peeling in bathrooms but there was not a single thing wrong with our room (no 218) and we loved It though some friends in our party were not impressed with their room so Maybe you need to ask for a good one! Bed very comfortable.   Service from all the staff really excellent. The bar area is small so not always possible to get a seat and staff won't let you stand around the bar. We didn't eat so I can't comment on the restaurant. We used the pool which is large - but this area does need freshening up with lots of mouldy areas and peeling paint. Yuck.  But I'd definitely stay here again - as…,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not 5 star when on a coach trip,"I revisited the waldorf on a 5star weekend coach tour this weekend this hotel was in pure chaos this weekend for some reason as no department seemed to be working well the bar service was non existent so much so I would hate to think of the revenue they lost by us all going out, next was the worst chaos I have ever experienced at a breakfast from the food running out and waiting for refills to then wait for a refill of another item that it just got to be a stressed time this was just a shame as I use the Hilton chain on other occasions before our departure we asked if there was anywhere else we could get some chairs and order coffees as the bar was full to be told there is a lovely café next door can waldorf really afford to miss this revenue . what a shame as the location is…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
3599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No way a 5 star hotel,"The hotel, looks great on the outside. The entrance is amazing and the location is good.  This is where it stops. The checkin at 3pm took well over 20 minutes. This is not good enough.  We booked a dulux queen room. This was well over £300 for the night. I have stayed in better travel lodges. Old, dated, very small, basic bathroom. Just simply not 5 star standard. i would say maximum 3 star.  Had no class what so ever. Phoned up asking if this was the correct room, only to be told that the good rooms are on the 5th floor (we were on the 7th) and if i wanted to stay in a better room - it would cost and extra £50 for the night.  The next day we went down for breakfast. We had to stand in line yet again to get a table. When we had finally been seated, we were ignored. We had to ask…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very disapointing,"We have been to the Waldorf 4 times. The first in 1988. Over the years we have noticed a dramatic change , We stayed at the Waldorf just 1 day ago, we were very disappointed. If you are not a full tariff  paying guest, forget the luxury expected, it wont happen.Our room was not much bigger than a prison cell and overlooked a quadrangle of 8 stories of little windows. Cups provided were stainless steel.( Iam not a mental health patient and don't suffer from challenging behaviour) I asked for them to be changed. I must admit this was done without question. Breakfast was almost of the holiday camp style, long queues and when we were finally allocated a table what was on offer was cold and not at all appealing. I am under the impression that if you don't pay the full price you are…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I warmed up to it as the stay went on,"This is an older hotel, but very well maintained.  The location is perfect.  The staff is fantastic – caring and helpful, at all levels, in all areas of the hotel.  We stayed in an executive suite but found that breakfasts were better in the restaurant downstairs than in the lounge (which also had a pretty skimpy cocktail hour).",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A few tweaks for an excellent rating,"We stayed for two nights in a King Deluxe room including the executive lounge.  We had e-mail contact from the hotel one week before arriving, (nice touch) asking if they could assist with our stay.  Check in was not the quickest I have experienced and there is not a huge lobby to queue in.  We were a couple of hours early of the published check in time - they took a mobile number and stored our luggage and then text us when the room was ready.  Room 340 - 30 paces from the lift, clean, light airy, shower over the bath, large bathroom, over looks the front of the hotel.  Some noise from the road with the odd bus or siren, but not intrusive.  Air conditioning was a little noisy when going to sleep and blew directly on to the bed (slightly hard bed for our liking) so we did turn…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sad I didn't read previous reviews.,"This hotel, booked as a Top Secret from Last Minute was incredibly disappointing. The room failed to live up to even Travel Lodge standards. Seedy, down at heel, grubby with hard small bed and mean toiletries. No luxuries to justify a five star rating. I have stayed in the Hilton chain before with amazing comfort. There is much better value to be  had in London. Avoid and save the feeling of wasted money.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stunning customer service,The hotel provides one of the best customer service I've encountered!! I forgot one of my suitcases in Manchester which had my contact lenses. The next morning when I realized I did not have any contact lenses and could not see I reached out to the hotel for help. Bennett Campbell from the concierge service guided me to an optician who was able to give me an extra pair. The hotel really looks out for you and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely would stay here again!!,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Wedding Event,"My wife and I were part of a large wedding party group staying at the Waldorf. The wedding was being held at the hotel (on a Sunday) and the rooms were booked well in advance of the event. Many members of the party were travelling from far afield. This hotel operates with a standard 3pm check-in. However,  given that they knew well in advance that members arriving for the wedding would need time to get themselves ready for the event, they had made no effort to get rooms rwady somewhat earlier. Guests for the party were arriving from @ midday to 2pm and most were unable to check in until close to 3pm with the actual wedding due to commence at 4pm. Atrocious forward planning by this supposedly high-class hotel venue. Reception staff were apologetic and did try to make some rooms…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,my time at the waldorf,i will come back very helpful staff its not till you stay eles where that you appreciate it location perfect left something of value in room when checked out- went back 4 days later and it was all bagged up waiting for me! well done hilton,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The hotel is tired and so was I,"Great staff, great location but this hotel is really overdue for refurbishment. Small rooms with badly scuffed 1980s furniture and bathroom fittings, hardly any shelf space in the bathroom and beds/pillows that have seen better days, making it hard to get a decent night's sleep.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not value for money,"We paid twice as much for our room as the previous night in a Premier Inn.  They didn't compare in any way.  The poorest aspect was the breakfast: big queues, long wait, staff too busy to serve.  To cap it all, whilst my non-veggie friends could fill their plates with bacon, sausage, ham, etc., as a vegetarian when I asked for poached egg I was told it would be £7.50 extra!  What is all that about?",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Clive & Hazel fab weekend,We Had a very special weekend for my Wife's Birthday I did mention this to reception and by the tim we got to our room a cake was waiting  all STAFF 5* service maids lounge staff bar  from check in to check out  we will never stay any ware else in London And we have stayed in Hotels in USA & Europe,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Superb, A real treat.","Firstly I must say I never thought normal everyday people like me stayed in a places like this!  I entered with great trepidation into a world that is so out of my comfort zone, to be greated warmly by the doorman. We continued onto reception to be greated and welcomed, check in was a pleasure, the receptionist was polite, attentive and extremley helpful.  As our room was not quite ready our bags were left with the conceierge and off we went for afternoon tea.  Well I can sum afternoon tea up in a word SUPERB! The waiting staff were attentive, polite and really friendly.  Food and tea selection was lovely.  We even had some left which was packed into a box for us to take with us.  On arrival at our room we stood in awe as the room itself was the size of the whole upstairs of our…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great service, ask for renovated room!","The hotel location is great, very easy to get to tube or a taxi.  Service is fantastic, especially at the door.    Only thing is that they have most rooms renovated, and some that are not, which are REALLY old and smell like old cigarette smoke.  Make sure you request a renovated room!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldorf Hilton, London","This hotel was ion an excellent location, ideal for Covent Garden and theatres. the room was very comfortable, nice size for London.  Restaurant was excellent, staff very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble.  Only stayed the one night, but would definitely book again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton Standard Hotel,Very disappointed in 3 night stay in October. Room dark and in desperate need of a refurb.Bathroom out of the ark and getting into shower over the bath positively dangerous and is probably illegal. Have just stayed in 7 hotels in different cities and this is the only one to still charge (pds 14 per day) for wifi in room. Standard of cleanliness poor On the other hand front desk and concierge service very good.This hotel probably survives on package groups going to one of the many London theaters nearby.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage restaurant,"We attended the Homage restaurant for a special deal meal. Although the food was not at its great expectation and the wine tasted corked, the service was sufficiently acceptable.  I did notice a table near us that had dirty dishes and glasses on it from a previous party of people.  It was not cleared throughout the two hours that we were there for.  I am quite disappointed about this as I have been to many other restaurants of this class and have not experienced this lack of organisation.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really good,"lovey room  I had an executive room which gave me access to executive lounge  Aswell snack during day there was unlimited drinks and canapés in evening , in fact you could have easily skipped supper Well worth if you have to have a working supper  In fact went on to a lovely meal at the Homage restaurant within the hotel Very friendly staff  I'll be back",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding present,"We were bought a three course meal from a set menu with champagne from a friend (off Amazon) as a wedding present. We had such a superb evening the food was fantastic and it was thoroughly enjoyed by both of us.  However it was a one off and we probably won't go again as we prefer smaller and more intimate restaurants, but it did feel like a real treat! ",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel could not cope,"We arrived at the Waldorf recently to find that a huge wedding was taking place, which was almost taking over the hotel.  As a result we, as normal guests, received the most appalling service.  Neither the Restaurant nor Concierge answered the phone when we tried to ring from the room and the restaurant was completely full (which I only found out when I went there in person, as no-one was answering the phone).  The following morning the breakfast buffet had run out of almost everything and we had to wait a long time for it to be replenished.  The tea was really weak and even the room was poor - dirty towel, torn soft furnishings, poor picture on the TV and it looked like it had not been dusted in months. Overall an extremely disappointing experience.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You are just a number,It is with great sadness that I am having to write a poor review of this hotel. I have stayed here before and very much enjoyed the experience so booking it this time for a mini break with my family in London this was our first choice. When we arrived the room was not ready which was not a problem as it was only 1pm and they do state it can be any time up until 3pm which is standard for these big busy places. We are members of their homage club (which is a complete waste of  money) so we went to the executive lounge ( I love the way their marketing teams dream up all these names) for our upgraded experience (more marketing speak) and we were shocked to find not a single nibble to eat this was down to bad timing we were in the zone between breakfast and afternoon tea and it seems…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I can't wait to go back!,"My family in the UK could not understand why I choose to stay in London instead of staying with relations until they came to visit me at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych in Central London. I go to London twice a year and I can't wait to arrive at the door of the Waldorf. The accommodations are first rate; the staff is stellar: The concierge staff, Daniel and Cyril and Robert; the Reservations staff, front desk, FABULOUS doormen Redek and Ted who took such good care of me. The restaurant is superb. The best part of staying is the particular care of the staff. It was like having family looking after me. There was nothing I needed (or wanted) that wasn't provided for me. I was able to secure the best tickets to shows and concerts- rides to anywhere in and out of the city, all my needs…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Good Staff, Small Room & OK Breakfast",If you want to be close to the Theaters and Covent Garden you won't find a better loacted hotel than the Waldorf. Although the nearest Tube stations of Temple and Covent Garden are a good 10 min walk away. We always find the staff friendly and although a tad expensive the bar is a great place to unwind late in the evening after dinner or a show. On this last visit we stayed in Room 232 (Queen) which was on the small side and had a very poor inward facing window. The breakfast is ok but at £16 I would only rate it as 3/5.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, fab location :)","Just steps from Covent Garden and many theatres, it certainly lived up to my expectations, our room a Hilton King Junior Suite was perfect, and the executive lounge was lovely to go and have a drink and relax. Staff were impeccable, breakfast (which we took in the main restaurant) was excellent and I would certainly stay again!",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for musicals and ballet...,This is a lovely hotel in a fantastic setting. Right next door to Mamma Mia and a few minutes walk to the Royal Opera House. Perfect for a special occasion or to see a show. Loch Fyne is just over the road for a great seafood meal. Stayed in a suite and everything was of a high standard. Slept very well and couldn't fault anything.  Particularly impressed with the customer service provided by Sarah on reception and Marco the bartender.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf - For the last time!,"Went & stayed with my wife last Sunday to see a show. Room was good but the hotel was packed with coach loads of tourists. No seating available in the lounge area at all. There was a queue for breakfast the following morning which was 25 minutes waiting time! No service when seated. When tea did arrive, no spoons. There are more items on offer at a Premier Inn breakfast that on display at the Waldorf. There were about 3 congealed and broken fried eggs in the tray when I went up which looked like plastic eggs you get in a child's play kitchen. Absolutely dreadful breakfast for which they want to charge £16 a head with 12.5 % service charge. I just think they can't be bothered and the lack of basic service and care ( which I have previously enjoyed ) was lamentable. We both will…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre booking the Waldorf with GB Tours,"We have been really looking forward to a trip booked with GB tours to celebrate a special event, the short break was booked over 7 months ago and we booked a twin room, to my surprise I received a call from GB Tours just 4 days ago apologising that the Waldorf have over-booked and only a double available.  Disappointing, especially with very little notice, I was told that this was the only option or I could cancel which was not an option for my party at this late stage.   I am not sure if I am looking forward to saying at the Waldorf and will report back later.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent restaurant ,"We enjoyed a delicious dinner at the restaurant recently.  The service was very attentive and the food was of high quality.  Particularly recommended are the carpaccio, scallop and asparagus starters, and of course the excellent salads.  Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,unimpressed with breakfast,"Stayed for the night last week end and was very unimpressed with the selection avaliable of English breakfast items. Asked for the buffet style items to be replenished, eggs , bacon , tomatoes, (not avaliable) and when their did arrive their where cold, Not what I expected from such an hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Well placed, comfortable hotel, small room","I enjoy the Waldorf because of its proximity to Covent Garden. It was recently refurbished so the rooms are comfortable and well appointed.  For the price, I felt my room was a little small, since it overlooked a courtyard and light was slightly obscured by a staircase.   A bit surprised that breakfast and Internet were optional charges.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location average stay,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf in October, and when you stay and pay for a 5star hotel you expect only the best. We are still trying to establish why it has such a high rating except for the location; the service, ambiance and general staff interaction was very average. I had to pay for wifi which I felt was unnecessary as most 5star hotels we have stayed at provide this free of charge. All in all a very average stay.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay at the Waldorf Hilton!,"I have recently returned from a one night stay at the Waldorf Hilton in October 2014. I had previously stayed at the hotel in March this year on a HHonors redemption. This time my partner and I booked a Queen Hilton Guest Room. As a HHonors Gold member I applied for an upgrade online. We arrived at the hotel at 10.30am and were able to check in immediately. We were informed that we had been upgraded to a King Hilton Executive Plus room, one of the premium rooms in the hotel. Our room was unready, however we left our bags with the concierge and went shopping. At around 12 noon I received a text message telling me that my room was ready.  We arrived back at the hotel at around 3pm. Once we collected the keys we went to our room. This was located on the ‘E’ floor and gave us access…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxurious London,"What a wonderful way to enjoy London! Service was superb! The executive lounge is very nice. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Just a short stay this time, but plan on returning soon.  Room was comfortable. Bathroom spacious.  Amenities excellent. The location was very convenient to theaters, restaurants and many tourist  locales.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay!,We stayed here for a 70th Birthday trip and had booked an Executive triple room and a Deluxe Twin room. We were impressed with the arrival and the service from the staff with our cases and helping my Mum to use the disabled lifts.  Beautiful hotel with excellent location to Covent Garden and the theatre we were attending. There was a mix up with our rooms as a third bed was not in the Executive room and after being given another room and it still not being put in we were moved to a third room with the bed ready. This was dealt with very well and did not spoil our stay in any way and complementary drinks given whilst the room was set up and also the deluxe twin was upgraded to an executive room also.  The Executive Lounge was lovely and the food and drinks available at no extra…,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, service poor","Just returned from a weekend at The Waldorf. We were settling into our room when someone walked through the door with cases! They had double booked our room. The lady who came in and distubed us went back to reception, I shortly followed her down. She got an apology and a free drinks voucher. I was the one who was caught half naked and got nothing!! The breakfast took too long to wait for everything. Food was running out and we had to queue to wait for it to be refilled. There seemed to be too many coach loads of people and they couldn't cope with the amount they had. We also had to go and get more tea/coffee for our room as it hadn't been topped up. This is my second time at this hotel and I was very disappointed this time. The service and hotel were beautiful last year. Not…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Best Hotel Location In London,"We stayed at this lovely hotel for a week this month and I recommend it to you.  The primary reason is the location.  I doubt that there is a hotel in London that is in a better location.  You have a short walk to at least three West End theaters (one was so close that I had time at intermission/interval to go back to my room); you have a short walk to several Underground stations (Hoborn, Temple, Covent Garden); there is one bus stop steps from the the hotel (take the 15 right to the Tower of London) and another only two blocks away; and, best of all, you are walking distance to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus... oh, I wish I was there right now!  Our room was lovely.  Minor negatives: the room wasn't always restocked without prompting (e.g.…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Our stay was very relaxing, our room was a newly refurbished with queen bed. Breakfast was very good With a wide selection. Tried to order a cream tea in the afternoon but the waiter could speak little English !!  Also,  Such ashame about the swimming pool, a lovely grand room totally neglected and needs a full refurb. LA fitness are running it, and the cleaner needs a rocket up her a, really I think she was on a go slow. Have you heard of steam cleaning LA fitness, I believe the floor needs it.  The girl was just pushing dirt around the floor with a damp mop very slowly...... Disgusting.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business and Pleasure,"Stayed here during a recent business trip.  While there, we had some down time, so we stayed in west end to have walking access to the night life, restaurants and theaters - this place is perfect for that.  Hotel is old, but nicely maintained.  Rooms are a bit small, but not at an uncomfortable levels.  Bar in the hotel makes incredible specialty drinks, but prices are steep.  In close proximity to Covent Gardens and all that is available there as well as many restaurants and pubs.  A short walk to Trafalgar.  Good place to stay.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,VERY Dissapointing,"Having stayed at the Waldorf Astoria in NY and many Hilton's (very recently at the new Needwood Gloucs and Double Tree at Bloomsbury), this hotel is very lacking. The service in the restaurant was very slow. The food was good but the wait between courses was too long. We used the spa. Don't be fooled by the photos. The pool area is mouldy and dirty, the mirrors adorning the walls have suffered from the wet atmosphere and the 'mock' roman pillars and rotten at the bottom with large chunks of plaster missing. The tiled floor around the pool is VERY DANGEROUS as it is sooo slippery. My friend (on a previous visit had slipped over and I can see why). Everyone around the pool was complaining and walking in baby-steps to avoid slipping. The steam room was the worst steam room I have…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still a top choice in London for the Money,"Yes you can pay double and get an exquisite experience. This hilton property is solid. Smart professional check in. I was treated to the executive level lounge and it was terrific. Decent (but not great) food, wine and beer in a very comfortable hospitable manner. Our room was quite large and my son and I stayed in a king bed. Large bathrooms, comfy towels and a great location along the strand and close to covent garden. I would return.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel and lovely staff,"I stayed with my grandma for one night at the Waldorf and was very impressed with the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff that we dealt with during our stay.  We ordered room service in the evening and the food turned up very quickly and beautifully presented. Breakfast the following morning was also a pleasant experience, with every type of food that you could possibly wish for.  All in all a wonderful stay at the hotel and would definately recommend to anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memorable for the wrong reasons,Took three rooms to be acceptable for the rate we were paying. Late into room by over one hour. However final room was fine. Dinner service very slow and wine was corked. Main course informed not available having waited over one hour.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We have just had a lovely stay at the Waldorf Hilton. The staff were excellent, the room (recently refurbished) was lovely and the whole ambiance superb. It was our 16th wedding anniversary and the staff really went out of there way to make the stay special. Well done the Waldorf.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding blues,I was surprised that a hotel with this caliber allows outside catering very disappointed in treatment of staff towards clients 3 different catering staff  .executive lounge excellent . concierge helpful ,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rowdy,One of my favourite places to stay and dine but not today. There seemed to be a coach party blocking the way to the restaurant with a customer screaming whoo hoo like she was on the set of Jeremy Kyle or some reality TV event. The waitress poured water into my wine- same thing happened here last Xmas!!,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An Experience !,"Confusion over our room allocation , only resolved once the Guest Relations Manager became involved, was not the best introduction to The Waldorf ! However,once sorted, the upgraded room we were given was spotless,well appointed, and located on a level ( 1st Floor) that my wife with limited mobility could manage ( we had,on booking,specifically asked for a lower level room). The hotel oozes olde world charm, the staff attentive and helpful, the only downside being a very poor WiFi connection. We had the Afternoon Tea & the buffet style breakfast, both adequate but neither, in my opinion, worth the exorbitant prices charged ( £38 & £22 respectively), but I suppose it IS the city of London ! A mixed, but overall, satisfactory experience. JKW",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Combines unique, attractive decor with modern facilities.","The Waldorf, Aldwych, offers modern guest facilities combined with excellently maintained original décor in the key public rooms.  My own room, a twin deluxe, was very comfortable and included air-con and a well-appointed large bathroom with bath and separate shower. The full English buffet breakfast was delicious.  The hotel is within easy walking distance of many West End theatres and, being only around the corner from The Strand, is convenient for bus routes to all parts of London.  I would certainly stay at the Waldorf, Aldwych, again.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Quite Simply, lovely. The room was beautiful. The room and bathroom were spotless.  Breakfast was wonderful. We were in an executive suite which meant we had access to the executive lounge which was lovely.  Really couldn't fault it. Slept with windows open and no noise.  Two sets of toiletries and lovely fluffy towels and bathrobes.  Bed very comfortable. Lots of space.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great location,"old fashioned service at its best, rooms were very clean and comfortable, with little extras, a good size, the only fault was the small oval window, being on the 7th floor could have had a good view had the window been bigger, but its a small thing in comparrison to the quaint old english luxuary of the rest of the hotel, staff were very helpful and friendly, breakfast was buffet with so much chioce even full english if you wanted it, we went back for the afternoon tea and it was excellent everything well presented and plenty of it, with extra tea or coffee being offered, yes its expensive, and it doesnt do over the top mod cons, but you cant put a price on good service in a central london location, its like stepping back in time, would love to go back",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","The location of this hotel could not be better for touring London. Buses stop out front; subway is farther away. We could walk to a lot of things.Check-in was friendly and smooth. We had a Delux Queen which was a basic room in the US. We had good maid service over the weekend. The following weekdays, our coffee was not re-stocked and towels were removed and not replaced. A sevice manager who was following up did quickly replaced the supplies. I expected better amenities at this level of hotel. The towel warmer and US plugs did not work on the desk. Glad we brought an adapter. Overall, this did not affect our stay. Concierage service was a great help; breakfast in the Executive lounge was good. We liked the food and service in the bar. I loved the big soaking tub. I just wished…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"My husband and I had afternoon tea here using a Wowcher voucher. Would have been really disappointed if paid the full price ! The waiter was very attentive, there was a harpist, which was a nice touch ( apart from she set up her position in the middle of our tea and the closet was next to my chair, so a bit awkward) The food was a total let down, hardly any filling in the dry sandwiches, and the cakes looked nice but were fabricated creamy, dry and hard ! I wonder if we hadn't used the voucher if it would have been different.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A relaxing stay,"An impressive hotel in an excellent location. Rooms of a high standard and very comfortable - I haven't slept so well in a long time!   The gym is very well equipt, although unfortunately the swimming pool lets it down as it is looking very tired and unloved.   I would highly reccomend the use of the executive lounge which I believe is available to guests staying in an 'executive room' or suite (as we were). The service was superb and the range of complimentary food and drink excellent.  Overall I was very impressed and will return.  ",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"If you want to work in the room, carry an overseas converter...","I stayed in this hotel for four days for a conference. On the whole, my stay was fine and the room, service, location and food were good. The one thing I found really strange was the lack of powerpoints for British plugs. There was an American powerpoint and a European powerpoint conveniently positioned by the desk (great for these visitors), but the only modern British one was in the cupboard with the kettle, so to charge anything you had to charge it on a small high shelf in the cupboard - not helpful when I had work to do on a laptop and had to keep recharging it as there was no way to charge and use it at the same time. Rather strange and very inconvenient in a 5 star hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed... Expected more from a 5* hotel,"Stayed here for one night on 11/10/14, in room 339.  First impression was good - concierge welcoming and check-in process seamless. Friendly reception staff couldn't be faulted.  Paid in excess of £300 for one night, which due to the hotels rich history and central location, I thought was acceptable. The room however was pretty basic indeed, with window overlooking an internal atrium - pretty gloomy and uninspiring. The rooms was pretty small, although well decorated and immaculately clean.  The bathroom was bright and airy, but the light would only work if the main light was on... meaning a middle of the night trip to the loo involved the main bedroom light being switched on... Not ideal!  The air conditioning was effective, but noisy - to the point you couldn't sleep with it…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend get away!!,"Just got back from our stay here, it was my birthday and they put a chocolate birthday cake in our room which was a lovely surprise. The hotel is very nice, the rooms are to hot , air conditioning wasn't that great. Breakfast was lovely, full Buffett , they had a conference on whilst we where here and made the dinning area smaller  than usual , so you was sitting on top of each other at breakfast, we have stayed here before and the breakfast area was spread out a lot better on our last visit. Hotel is very nice and in a great central location to visit all the sites in London.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,hilton hotel,On arrival our luggage was lost and taken to another room. After 3 phone calls to reception it arrived 40 minuets later with an appology. The faulty heater in the bathroom which was reported and never fixed.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A disappointing experience,"Ok so we bought a voucher for dinner for two. In the past a voucher for a visit should have been an invitation to try the restaurant , enjoy , and then come back again. Unfortunately not in this case arrived early. Table not ready why not have a drink in the bar . No problem however doors were closed as photos for a wedding picture was being taken . Waited. Five minutes and then gained entry. Ten minute wait for two vodka tonics £(26) returned to the restaurant. Finally seated and given set menu fine . Ten minutes wait for the inclusive glass of champagne. Ten Minutes wait to order starters soup arrived cold and was sent back. Other starter was consumed and finished before new soup arrived to be served on a cold plate sent back another 15 minutes and then arrived . Complained to…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
3655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel,"The staff was very kind, the room was clean and  and modern. Nice stay, relaxing. Complementary internet, which was not only wifi but cable as well. You can listen to the tv even from the bathroom as speakers are wired into that as well. Loved the volume control as well:) Would visit again, I recommend it.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great 2 nights stay in London,I came back that to this hotel a few later after my first stax and I was very satisified again. I had a great experience years ago when they offered me the bathrob which I wanted to buy during my checkout (and I still have it at home). This time the service was great too with a very nice and friendly person from Spain at the check in (Andrea) and I've got a nice upgrade to an Executive Suite. Of course the hotel is not new but it is the kind of hotel which doesn't really get an age and it is very well located near the Coven Garden and close enough to Picadilly Circus and some other London's Landmark to just walk around.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,nice hotel but expensive,"we stayed here last weekend to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday. the hotel is in a great location for Covent Garden and the theatre's. We stayed in a King Executive plus room, which was finished to a high standard and spacious enough. I had informed the hotel of my wife's birthday and when we entered our room there was a little birthday cake waiting for us, which was a nice touch. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful, particularly at Breakfast, which was also very nice.  My only gripe over the whole weekend was the cost of using the executive lounge. I had assumed that access to this lounge was included as part of the cost of the room, which was also backed up by the hotels own website, stating that the use of this room was complimentary. However, when I received my…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,hilton.com wasted my money,"I visited London from the US for a pleasure trip. After a long, delayed flight to London, and dropping US$4,000 on a room at the Waldorf for the week (as a member of their HHonors club), imagine how nice it was to be issued a room by the front desk that was poorer than any room I've been to in years. This room is what Hilton called their ""King Hilton Executive"". $4,000 got me a room that was worse than a Red Roof Inn in the US due to just not having been maintained in ages. We were so disappointed. Stained furniture (which was just disgusting), dirty walls, broken toilet, really old. Have I mentioned the part about $4,000 getting us this gem. When the porter brought our luggage, I asked why the room was so bad. He said that it truly was an old room and the reason was that only…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Slightly disappointing,"We booked here for a special birthday weekend but we have stayed in London hotels that are equally as good but less expensive. The room was comfortable but quite small. The bathroom was nicely appointed and well lit. The concierge service was excellent, better than the reception. We were amazed that this hotel feels it has to charge extra for wifi connection in the rooms - a bit greedy! However, the situation was great for the theatres we were visiting and for Covent Garden. There are also some good restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Noise,"We travel a lot, and use Hilton as Diamond members. But this particular hotel has a major problem with their function centre being in immediate proximity to rooms. During our stay there was a  wedding that went on to 1 am one night, with a follow up session the following evening. Upon reading reviews it is apparent that this is a known problem to the hotel, but they obviously choose to ignore it for financial gain, but to the detriment of their guests. The noise was so load that speeches could be heard, and songs identified with Shazam. The hotel did absolutely nothing to mitigate the discomfort of their guests, with their strategy obviously being to apologise and deal with the disgruntled guests on an ad hoc basis after the event.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary!,"Have stayed before and would definitely stay again. We were given a wonderful upgrade for our anniversary weekend and were thoroughly spoilt! Our room was fantastic. Definitely recommend breakfast in room with everthing ticked on menu. The hotel is minutes walk from Covent Garden and 15 minutes to Leicester Square, great for meals out and theatre.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor stay,"If you're prepared to pay to stay here, You'd be better staying in One Aldwych... so much better  Dated/poorly maintained bathroom  Long waiting time on check in  The single window in room was about 30cm in diameter  The Air-con may aswell not have been turned on...",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
3663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over priced and underdelivers,"This hotel is really trading on the Waldorf name, when it is not nearly as nice as say, the New York Waldorf.  I'm paying some where in the neighborhood of 350 pounds per night. It's not worth it.  London hotels suck in general, but there are much nicer hotels at this price and below.   The furnishings are blah, the carpet is really old, the walls have that painted over many times look to them, etc. We picked this place because we have an extended project in London, this was close to where we needed to be and it sits on top of a commercial fitness club (so, so -- old equipment).  I would shop around before staying here.  5 Star hotels in London are 3 stars in any other city, but you can do better.  Oh, and the breakfast is really weak.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,FAB! FAB! FAB!,"I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Waldorf with my 2 daughters, I did have some reservations before I booked reading trip advisor reviews and I contacted Guest relations who handled my enquiries very efficiently. We stayed in room 503 which was a family room for 3 and as we were at the back of the hotel there was no noise and we had 3 great nights sleeps. We used the executive lounge and the staff were lovely everyone asking how our room was and could they help with anything. I would definitely recommend this hotel. The location is perfect for walking around London and visiting the West End Theatres.Our room was cleaned everyday and fresh water supplied.Thank you Hilton for a lovely stay.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Jacket was stolen from closet,Hotel was good. But someone took my expensive leather arma jacket away while it was in the closet. The management investigated on this but they could not retrieve my jacket. Please be careful with your valuable belongings while staying in this hotel!!!,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
3666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th birthday,"Stayed here for one night, whent to the Savoy grill for the evening then stayed at the waldorf. Had a refurbished room which was very nice, good bed, mini bar, large tv, what let this down was the buffet breakfast which was luke warm and not very tasty for a so called 5 star hotel in the heart of theatre land, overpriced for what we got.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"attentive, friendly & good value for money","I visited the restaurant last night with 2 girlfriends. We had a voucher for 3 courses and 2 glasses of wine for £30. I was greeted by Pal at concierge and he was so sweet. My girlfriends were late and he went above and beyond by googling the picture they had sent me of their previous destination (so we could figure out where it was) and also then speaking with them on the phone to direction them to the hotel from the tube and finally went to find them.  The meal it self was also lovely, and good value for money. I found the room slightly cool but the service was prompt. On departure we asked an employee where to go for more of a living setting in Covent garden and she willingly found out the name of a bar she has frequented. All in all a good night that I would happily go back…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekends in London,Have stayed here 3 times and had a fairly decent experience on all 3 occasions . We were unhappy with the room on the 2nd occasion and were given an upgrade to a suite . Very well located on the West End with plenty of places do eat and drink on your doorstep ,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location... BUT,"The sink in the bathroom was not in working condition. When notified to front desk, they assigned different room but same problem existed there too. When notified again, I was told they don't have any room for the category I had booked in. Hotel didn't care much about the experience their guest going through....",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not to a high standard of service ,Had dinner here with a friend. The food was great and well presented. Although a side of chunky chips means 5 chips in a bowl. The service was extremely slow and we had to ask for our plates to be cleared after the main course. There seemed to be a lot of staff but they were more interested in talking to each other than providing service. The door to the kitchen was squeaky and some what annoying. I expected more from hilton. Throughout the hotel nobody greeted us and nobody was smiling. ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Slightly disappointed,"I had high hopes for The Waldorf Hilton, I was expecting something special, sadly we were disappointed.  First the positive, the location is excellent, right at the edge of Covent Garden with loads of restaurants, shops and street entertainment.  I had intended to book afternoon tea for nine of us at the hotel but never received a reply to the email I sent a week before we arrived so we went elsewhere. Not a great start.  The (Deluxe Plus) room was small but recently decorated and quiet. Minimal wardrobe space, enough to hang only a few items and no space for shoes other than the floor.  Staff were friendly.  Wifi at nearly £15 a day a complete ripoff.  We ordered room service twice, one evening meal which was not hot and not particularly good, the following night my wife wanted…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service has gone downhill since our last visit...,"This was a returning visit for my husband and I having stayed here about 4 years ago, during which time we had a wonderful experience. This time around this was sadly not the case.   I cannot fault the greeting at the door - our luggage was immediately whipped away and we were directed to the check-in desk. The receptionist was friendly enough and booked us in, but did not ask if we would like a newspaper or a wake up call. When we asked if we could book in for dinner in the restaurant that evening, she said we would need to walk round to the restaurant and book it ourselves - not really something you expect from a '5 star' hotel, I would have thought she would have called them on our behalf.   The room was fine, but not the cleanest I have experienced. A few hairs here and…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great stay in london,"superb hotel......one of the best i have stayed at....great location, excellent service, top-tier hotel in the best area of london......we were greeted we personal guests, and treated like royalty...we loved our stay and will defintely return to this hotel",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent rooms, food & Service, leisure facilities are disappointing","Stayed here whilst on business in London, I was pleased to see the grand exterior was carried through into very tasteful and high quality bedrooms. The food was excellent, the staff professional my only criticism would be of the leisure facilities: pealing paintwork and shabby communal and swimming pool area did not live up to the standard of the rest of the hotel. Sadly it was unsurprising to see it was a LA fitness: same poor standard but an unfortunate pairing of brands on the part of the Waldorf / Hilton.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Where did all of these other reviewers stay?!,"Wow, this is such a terrible hotel. It appeared to be clean at first glance, and then I saw the leftover bits of trash under the desk, the grime from the bathtub that ran off the side/edge, the stained walls and the dirty toilet paper. YEA YOU READ RIGHT- DIRTY TOILET PAPER! that was left there to be used to wipe my bum!   $500/night sure doesn't go a long way anymore, does it?   I called down to the front desk and the lady was offended that I had the audacity to say the waldorf was dirty and decided that all rooms were full, except the rooms below the level at which I booked. Even the hallway was dirty.   THE ONLY SAVING GRACES were the concierge, doormen and location. I would NEVER stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oh dear!!!,"I have been staying at the Waldorf for years but this was the last time. The service, previously great,  has gone seriously downhill. The rooms are still very good and I can't fault them but the staff are not. They appear to be rather abrupt. The prices are getting silly and the afternoon tea, which they have moved from the lounge area to the main dining room, is now well overpriced. It used to be such a treat to stay there, but not any more.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
3677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"I love the Waldorf, it's classy and elegant with a lovely bar which serves great cocktails. The upgrade to the Executive room is definitely worth it for the afternoon tea, pre dinner drinks and nibbles and breakfast. We will return again and again!!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service in restaurant,We had an excellent meal in the restaurant and can't fault the food or the service. The only negative point at all is that thus feels very much like a faded reflection of past glories. Anyone who has visited the nearby Savoy will recognise regatta this is a hotel restaurant in need of smart smartening up but that's not the fault of the staff.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I've stayed here previously and the location of the hotel is great, close to bars and restuarant and within easy distance of all the tourist sights.  The staff are friendly, although on the occasions where I contacted reception with a problem they were initially a little curt.  The rooms were comfortable and well furnished.  The breakfast has changed a little since i visited last and I didn't think the quality was as good, but would definitely stay here again,",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dinner before West End Show,"Walking distance from most theaters. The dining room was quite resplendent, the service was reasonable as the dining room was full up with people eating before going on to the theatre. The menu was quite acceptable for a pre show meal and was served up very well. The bar area again was quite full and had to wait a while to be served quite expensive but it is a 5 star hotel",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"We have stayed at this hotel several times.  The location of the hotel is excellent for theatre, shopping and tube and bus transport.  The service at the hotel is very good and helpful.  The lobby and public rooms are average in appearance.  The rooms are small but comfortable.  The breakfast buffet is very good.  The food in the bar area is too expensive.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 star?,"A nice average  hotel, Good clean room. The breakfast was no better than any other hotel my wife I have stayed at, some being only rated 2 stars rated but I must say the dinning room its self  was splendid.  My wife's bucket list was  to stay at a 5 star hotel and that's why we chose the Woldolf hotel but this place was no better than most 3 star hotels we have stayed at. Very ,very very  disappointed .Please don't waste your money on this hotel if you want something above the norm. Wilfreda  Behive holiday group your standards are slipping more on every holiday we go on with you. Profit ,profit profit. Shame on you.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what i expected!,"Presently staying at this hotel and sadly not impressed. Feels like a 3 star hotel at best . Breakfast is probably the worst breakfast i have ever had in a hotel - agree with previous poster especially the fruit and yoghurt . Also the fact that they they have different breakfasts according to room rate - surely breakfast is breakfast ??? Never come across this before. There was such confusion at breakfast this morning with some guests - totally ridiculous . Could carry on and on - passage not vacuumed , fruit left outside room , glass outside another until i eventually removed both and placed on a table . Best part of hotel is the location which is wonderful but will definitely not recommend this hotel or be back !",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor nights sleep,"We stayed in room 730 at the Waldorf Hilton, Strand.  The air-conditioning unit was making a noise like a door bell being pressed ever 50 seconds. Resulting in no sleep until 3.30 am when we barricaded the noise with all the towels, pillows and dressing gowns.  So avoid this room. Afternoon tea was absolutely fine as was the breakfast no complaints there.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
3685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Hotel is easy to find and a short walk from tube stations. Great location for visiting london and for theatres.  Check-in and front desk gave an excellent service, as did everyone during the few hotel services I experienced during my one night stay... I did think the hotel was starting to look a little dated overall, though it was still clean and pleasant. I stayed in a strange room on the top floor...it had only small porthole type windows, so was a little boxed in. Strangest though was the full-size door in the ceiling......",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed after our reunion,"In the past the Hilton Waldorf was for me the place to stay in. I've stayed here many times between 2003 and 2009. In My recent return, I think I news to revise My impression of this old and tired hotel. The hotel gave me the feeling than it is in need of a significant make-over to modernise and freshen it up and to bring it into to 21st century.  While my bed was comfortable and the room spacious the Airconditioning was directed on to the bed so the result was either too cold or too warm depending on the settings of the unit.  The corridors, stairs, entry and elevator all looked worn out, in particular the carpets.  The breakfast which was once the most memorable thing about the hotel was very very sad and dreary. I had great memories of a fantastic buffet with an English…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,Stayed here for a special birthday treat which cost quite a bit but.... The room size was a bit disappointing it was just a premier room with a couple of extras that was worth the extra money.  The hotel itself in the bar foyer and general service was fantastic and I think that is what you are paying for! The piano sets the ambience and everyone couldn't be more helpful.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, overpriced for the service","Walking distance from most must see locations and Hoborn Underground. The rooms were decent. Breakfast was very ordinary, happy hour was a hit. There are steps leading to the hotel lobby which is a downside if you are using a stroller. There are also few steps if you need to access few rooms in the building. We stayed here twice in 2 weeks, first time around the service was ok with usual delays during peak hours. The second time around it was pathetic, there were no towels in the room, we asked for a fan and it took them quite a while to provide one. I might not go back here again, two strikes with Hilton for me so far.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice enough,"I had expected a ""wow"" reception area but was a little disappointed in the rather non-descript foyer. A friendly porter was at hand immediately to bring our baggage up to our room while we spent a longer than expected time checking in (no line).  Our room, a nice double, was lovely with very comfortable beds, roomy bathroom that unfortunately had one of those horrid shower/tubs with just a half wall, making it difficult to take a shower w/o spraying the floor.  Our 1st Floor (actually 3rd with foyer on the Ground fl) room faced the atrium, i.e. we had a view of just other rooms' windows. Staff was very nice, both concierges and breakfast room staff. Everything seemed clean and neat (aside from old black mildew spots in the corners of the shower and a glass that had not been…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fine location and hotel,"Nicely located on edge of theatre district. Concierge was very helpful. Like other hotels in Europe, free wifi only in lounge; thus the lounge was full. Wifi in the rooms at 15 pounds per day! This ripoff must be making some contractors to the hotels some easy money.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Prime location calm environment,"The location of the hotel is excellent and easy to find, perfectly located for theatres.  On arrival we were advised that we had been upgraded to an Executive Plus newly refurbished room, we had booked an Executive room and are Gold members.  I suppose this increased our expectation for the room.  The hotel was nicely presented, flower arrangements and had wide corridors with some beautiful stained glass windows.  Our room however was surprisingly small compared to other Hilton Executive rooms that we have experienced.  The bathroom was huge in comparison to the sleeping section, with double marble sinks area, a large bath and off either end were a toilet area and a shower cubicle.   The bathroom lock was missing and only the interior spindle could be seen. Unfortunately the…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superior Hotel; Lousy Dining,"Spent two nights at this old hotel and was more than pleased with accommodations, service, professionalism of staff, especially concierges.  One of Hilton's best Executive lounges, and the room on the top floor was excellent.  Unfortunately, had afternoon tea and, the following day, supper at their Homage restaurant - horrible experiences.  Would return to the hotel in a minute, but you couldn't pay me to patronize or recommend their restaurant.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Personal,This is a good Hotel. The location is right in the City centre. Pretty cool especially for those of you who like to visit/watch Musical Plays. The rooms are being modified to a new acceptable standard. A hotel to come back for sure.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Good city location, however I expected more from the Waldorf.  Reception, bar area and events area were excellent for service etc.  The bedroom however was most disappointing - tiny room, window overlooked walls/ aircon, pipes - not nice.  TV did not work, it had been disconnected, permanently! The air con was extremely noisy and with no desire to open the window, I literally did not sleep at all!  The carpet needed a proper hoover/ vacuum too. Breakfast was good, buffet, but at least you can choose what you want and how much.  We went as a group and therefore I wasn't responsible for choosing our room but other fellow travellers were not impressed by their better rooms either.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed,"I first stayed in this Hotel 30 odd years ago when it was part of the THF group, and that was not a very happy experience. This time it was a bit better. Is it a 4 star Hotel or 5 star ? Well we checked it a 3pm and went to our room which had an uninteresting view of the middle of the building ( same as last time). The room next door still had a room service BREAKFAST tray out side of the room, and it was still there went we got back from the theatre at 10.30pm ( you see 4star or 5star !! ).  I love a full english breakfast it is my favourite meal, but I do not understand this necessity for guests to have to make their own damn toast, has the world gone mad, £20 and you want me to make my own toast ! Its bad enough you have to fetch the breakfast from a buffet like some…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for the theatre,Stayed one night as we were going to the theatre - I would say it's alright overall but it is a hilton not a 1920's hotel and if you keep that in mind then all will be as you expect. We had an exec room that allows access to the exec lounge throughout the day - very handy for a quick drink :-) Room was refurbished and clean,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5-star,"We were disappointed with this hotel.  The rooms are tiny, and the bathrooms even smaller!  The common areas are also small, and have not been updated.  We did not think that, overall, the rating was worthy of 5 stars.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Compact opulence,"A grand hotel in a good location, easy walks to Covent Garden or the river.  Room was compact but well furnished, staff were attentive.  Executive lounge was fairly quiet with an acceptable breakfast.  If only all Hiltons in central London were as good as this.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay,"The hotel is in a great location and has a grand atmosphere. The rooms are very well designed - modern with an Art Deco theme. The breakfast was plentiful, a good range of hot & continental options and you weren't rushed. Only 4 stars given as the pool shut at 5:30 & then opened later on in the morning, I was looking forward to a swim but was able to partake. Also didn't think we got the best explanation of the facilities available when we checked in so had to work things out for ourselves. Overall though recommended - but only if you can get a deal! ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"The location of this hotel is ideal. The hotel has many restaurants, shops and theaters nearby and the underground is a short walk away. Our room was very comfortable and clean and the service impeccable.  A bit pricey but worth it. Would go back in a heartbeat.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Two highlights:staff and location,"We have stayed here about six times, starting in 1990 when it was a Trusthouse property.  This time was a Hilton points stay, and we received access to the executive lounge but no room upgrade as Diamond members. The location is superb for theatre and transport. We were warmly greeted by a Hilton reception desk staffer whom we had met earlier in the week at the Brighton property, which made the stay more personal.   The bathroom was reasonably spacious and the bed comfortable. The lounge got crowded in the early evening as families were on holiday so  go early. We will return.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Super stay,"Superb hotel with great rooms, great breakfast and thoroughly professional and courteous service. Stayed for one night and had a great room. Perfect location for accessing all the attractions the West End has to offer.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"This is my second trip to this property (Nov 2013 & August 2014).   Positives:  You couldn't choose a better location.  Very centrally located (near theaters, restaurants, hop on/off buses, etc.).  The staff were very welcoming and accommodating.  Clean rooms.  Negative:  Not truly what I would consider a ""Walforf"" property.  As a diamond member, my room on the 1st visit was nicer than on the second stay..kind of expected something consistent.  Breakfast..pack your patience as it can be VERY time consuming.   I would stay again based more on the positives but would know what to expect.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Had fantastic time. Room was stunning with two double beds. Service was excellent and staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was also good with lots of choice. Would definitely stay again. Very close to theatres. A perfect weekend.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Perfect Perfect!,"Eline Christiaanse has been the most helpful Guest relations manager I could wish for! As a diamond member I was looked after with extended service. The hotel was stunning, the Service was exacting and the staff were so friendly! My executive Plus room was beautifully decorated for our special occasion and we had the very best time.   Thank you to all involved for making this stay perfect!  We will be coming back soon that is for sure!  Please ensure my thanks are passed to Eline.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf experience,"Very clean friendly hotel , great location next door to Covent garden and walking distance from Leicester square and trafalger .  Afternoon tea was lovely , with a harp playing in the background topped it off made you unwind from the bustling life outside the hotel. My only disappointment was the fact I had a room facing the back of the building and not the front with a VEIW .'oh plus the fire alarm falsely went off at 11.30 at night and woke us all up , but overall a lovely experience And glad I stayed .",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT LOCATION, FRIENDLY STAFF, LOVELY ROOM.","Checked in early, no problems. We had coffee and nibbles in the executive lounge, which is spacious and tastefully decorated. The bedroom was great, lovely comfy bed, large bathroom. Only one negative, the wi-fi is awful, come on Hilton, this is London in 2014, surely you can sort this out? This is a must! A special mention to the doorman from the Wirral (near Liverpool), who was very friendly and very helpful, he is an asset to the hotel. All in all, (apart from the wi-fi) a great place to stay!",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Waldorf Hilton Hotel, London England","If location and great hotel is what you're looking for, the Waldorf Hilton is superb.  This hotel is situated in the theater district and is convenient to everything.  The staff welcomes you and they are eager to please.  The buffet breakfast is excellent and was refilled immediately.  It's a real treat to stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome Location!!,"We stayed here to celebrate a 30th Birthday and was also our first London trip. I booked through lastminute.com and got a discount but still paid just under £300 for 1 nights stay.  Friendly staff on arrival. We paided for the Delux package which was suppose to be robes & slippers.  These were not in the room on arrival and when questioned was only brought 1 set - picky I know but hey, your paying for luxury!! The pillows were amaxing and the bed was soooooooooo comfortable - the room seemed newly furnished. We were on the back of the hotel and the view was...... well no view just other buildings.  Your not in London for that though. Ideally situated within walking distence of Covent Gardens and the underground meant we were never really far from anywhere. I think with this…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
3710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Two reasons to stay at the Waldorf.  Some reasons not to....,"1) Well, it's the Waldorf and the Waldorf is an institution; 2) You couldn't find a better location for the theatre district and Covent Garden and London's West End.  Reasons not to stay at the Waldorf.  Just off Aldwych, the reception area always feels hectic, the rooms are tired and very 1990's and, well - it's expensive.  Oh, and the cocktail bar which has the potential to be elegant and relaxed serves quality but overpriced cocktails and seems to cater to large groups of high class thugs at the weekends.  We stayed on Hilton Honors Points for my daughter's birthday, so we didn't have to worry too much about the price.  The staff, from the maitre d' at breakfast to the folks at the reception desk to the doorman who takes your car are all polished and professional.  Exactly…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Would definitely do it again!,"I went with my sister for a quick fun weekend in London. I booked through lastminute.com and got a discount. Beautiful rooms and really awesome location. I would definitely stay there again. It's walking distance from a lot of great places to eat (including delicious ice cream!), plus theatres and whatnot. Less than 10mins' walk to the tube. I recommend bringing a map, as there are many streets that look the same, and they're not laid out in a grid. A major highlight was the marble bathub with a telly. I'm trying to convince my husband we need one at home. Have fun!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location  location, location","Stayed in the west end of London and this centrally located hotel is great for the theatre district but also walking distance to all the major london attractions including Buckingham Palace, the Churchill museum, picadilly circus, covent garden.....etc. We were very happy with the hotel ONCE we upgraded to a larger room. Our first room had a double bed, a tiny space to hang up clothes, and no drawer space! It was tiny. Once we upgraded at about $100.00 we moved to a much larger room with a much larger bathroom and breakfast was included. It was worth the extra money as we were staying there for a week.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,EXPENSIVE,"DOORMEN, SERVERS, AND CONSIERGE,  WERE ALL VERY HELPFUL. BOOKED ON PRICELINE. 5 nights for $1,000. When we checked in I told the agent that we were celebrating our anniversary. He asked if we would be upgraded. It ""only"" cost us and extra 50 pounds per night to upgrade to a room that overlooked the courtyard, which was the roof of the restaurant and the interior of the old building. It included a mediocre breakfast and internet that you had to sign in each time. The area was very good except for the fact that when we were about 100 yards from the hotel for the 1st time, some old guy was urinating on the side of a bus on the street.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, but Extreemly Small Room!","This hotel has a marvellous feel of Luxury and decadence. This was a business trip and I had to share a room. We were allocated a Tiny room with 2 single beds and both myself and Collegue could barely walk around the two beds, no where to put our suitcases other than On top of the bed! Such a shame, given that it was a Company booking surely someone allocating our room might have thought to give a larger room - staff were friendly, and breakfast was lovely, just the room a Dissapointment!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great hotel,"After reading some of the reviews about this hotel we were slightly worried about our stay but on  arrival all concerns disappeared.The check in was fast and efficient and our room was perfect.It had been refurbished and was tastefully decorated.The queen size bed was one of the most comfortable we have slept in and as the room was at the rear of the hotel there was no noise at all and we had a good nights sleep.The break had been booked by my husband as a birthday surprise for me which he informed the hotel of.When we got to the room there was a birthday cake, which was a nice touch.All of the staff were pleasant and helpful.The hotel is in a fantastic location,within walking distance of Covent Garden and all of Londons attractions.Can't wait to go back",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice historic hotel but terrible views from this room.,Stayed in room 630 recently and the view was rather disappointing. Quite literally a brick wall! Room was a good size for London but in need of renovation. Breakfast very nice and the staff were fantastic. Good location. Not really worth the money though.,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay at the Waldorf Hilton,We stayed once again at the Waldorf Hilton.  We had a lovely one night stay in a lovely newly refurbished room.  People at the hotel were very friendly and very willing to help with directions around London.  We had a nice evening in a local Tapas Bar and returned to have a night cap in the hotel bar.  Interestingly there were a group of guys who had obviously been drinking and they became quite loud whilst sitting at the bar.  I must say the bar staff dealt with the situation very well and the guys soon left.  Breakfast the next day was a buffet breakfast.  The breakfast room was very busy but the food and service was of good quality.  We definitely have this hotel firmly at the top of our list of London hotels.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"The hotel had a friendly and professional stuff who provided excellent service, I was upgraded to a suite with hhonors status, use of LA fitness connected to the Hotel, executive lounge had great drinks and food.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Nice Hotel,"This is in the London theater district. Walk to Covent Garden and Chinatown. At checkin we were offered a room on the 8th floor. The elevator only went to the 7th floor. We went to the room and then asked for another. We were given a room on the 1st floor. The concierge staff were very good. One day,  Anton took the time and walked us out the front door to make sure we understood  the directions he had given us. I would stay at this hotel the next time I go to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"We decided to book a hotel in central London as a last minute treat. As regular visitors to London this was one of the best we have stayed in. The location is right in the centre for all theatre, eating and Covent Garden.  We had a newly refurbished room with a Queen sized double. The room was very tastefully decorated which had a calming effect after a busy day. The bathroom was very large and had a separate shower.  The staff were very friendly and although at the time of our stay there was a wedding on the Saturday night, we never heard a thing!  Spoil yourself and stay in a classic luxury hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Claustrophobic room,"I wanted to treat my husband for his birthday with a night in a top notch central London hotel. I chose The Waldorf Hilton in London - the pictures of the room on the website looked lovely - light, bright and welcoming. I paid in advance - quite a lot I thought for one night without breakfast (£279)  - but thought we were getting something special. When we arrived, check in was prompt and efficient. Our room was on the 7th floor. I was so disappointed when we entered the room - it was so gloomy - brown walls, brown carpet and only one tiny porthole sized window that hardly let in any light - it felt very claustrophobic. The room seemed like an attic room and bore no resemblance to the type of room I thought I had booked on the website. We made the best of the stay and went out…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
3722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Stay Overall,"I visited the Hotel on Friday 5th September for a 1 night stay. Unfortunately, the stay was not up to the standard that I expected and there were a number of issues with both the room and overall stay.  Upon arrival, our room was not ready. Unfortunate as this was, the early check-in was not guaranteed so our luggage was left with concierge while we had afternoon tea. Reception advised me that I would receive a text message when our room was ready. This did not happen. In addition, our luggage was not in our room when we arrived - something that reception had failed to arrange.  Upon our return to the hotel in the evening, I noticed that the toilet was constantly flushing. There was a constant flow of water which, if it wasn't for being able to close the toilet door and place…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Booked a suite on the 7th floor for 4 nights. Check in was smooth and the room was large and comfortable. Staff is excellent. The location is a few block from the River in the theater district which was convenient  to the tube and close to the River. We could walk to most of the tourist sites. We took the tube direct from the airport and got off about a mile from this hotel. Breakfast in the executive lounge was very good. My only complaint is I had to ask for to go cups.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, a quality service and friendly staff.","I have been staying at the Waldorf every week for the past year. I have always experienced a high level of service and the various rooms I have stayed in have always been well equipped, maintained and clean. I stay for business, but would definitely stay for leisure the next time I visit London as a tourist.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great London location, classic hotel","Very nice Hilton property in the theater district of London.  The reception was very fast and friendly.  The bellman and concierge were helpful as well.  The room was large and quiet,  and the bed comfortable.  Good size bathroom and a minibar in the room were nice.   The building's architecture is great.  If you are on vacation all the bus tours stop at the corner so the location is great. The metro is a short walk away and fairly easy to navigate.   Overall a very good stay.  Thanks Hilton!",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs some work!,"The location of this hotel is probably its only attractive quality of it.  The bed's were as hard as a rock.  Additionally the room was very loud because of it's location on a busy street so my husband and I had a real hard time sleeping. It's real close to all of the theaters in London and the bar scene which is great when you are participating in it, but if you are trying to have a good night's sleep it's problematic.  We booked this hotel because of the Waldorf name that we have grown accustomed to but this property definitely doesn't live up to the name.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
3727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staying in this hotel Amazing experience.,"This is an amazing hotel , staff were wonderful .  BEAUTIFUL Hotel, great surroundings.  Excellant food. Would happily stay here again. LOCATION is great. Close to theators and transport  The rooms were clean and light.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
3728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Shame about the Welcome","Stayed here a few nights with a friend on girly break.  Chose the hotel for the location close to the Novello Theatre as we were going to see Mamma Mia.  Welcome was very lacklustre, our room wasn't ready, though we didn't really expect it to be as we were early. As we we're checking in, there was a bit of a fracas going on at reception  with a man getting quite angry about his treatment when checking in,  Staff didn't appear to handle it well, as they continued arguing next to us, with most of the receptionists standing around listening.  We eventually got our room. No welcome at all, no explanation of where to find anything, not even where the lifts were, no help with sorting out our luggage, just told to go over to the porter desk and get it sent up to our room.  Room was…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Location --- needs work,"Right in the middle of the theater district, a walk to the river, and many other great attractions. This grand old hotel is in the middle of refurbishing ---- our first room was very small, drab, and air conditioning didn't work. The next problem was getting someone, anyone to answer the phone. Customer relations finally responded and worked to fix our concerns with a room change (much better). The English Breakfast was very good with an adequate buffet and nice selections for eggs, pancakes, etc. The location offsets a lot of the ills of an old property --- with a little more work and a few more workers, it could be a grand place again!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A+Great Experience,"Overall great visit to The Waldorf.  We booked two rooms one on points and paid for the second room.  We are diamond members so assumed would get similar rooms.  The first room was enormous and had two twin beds and was for our sons.  Which was great. The second room which we had was tiny. After staying there one night asked to be moved to a different larger room and they accommodated this without too many problems.  They moved our bags for us. The location is great and the receptions staff were OK.  The first person we encountered at check-in did not tell us about the Executive Lounge and did not give us any information concerning breakfast, High Tea and cocktails there.  This was an interesting comparison to the Hilton we had stayed at in Barcelona, who provided a welcome…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Above expectation,The hotel is well located near all the theater 5 min walk from Coventry garden station and 8 min walk from hoborne station  The welcoming. I would say they have a lot of Spanish staff who are much more warm than their english co worker  The rooms are with / without view big or very small. I would avoid the queen and go for the renovated king  The executive lounge is full during peak time it has a nice breakfast  Buffet.  The staff is good but surprise can happen depending the mood   So nice hotel well located. Service will highly depend from which countries they come from.  Top rated are the Spanish team who really made my stay memorable  ,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,£200 for what?,We decided to stay at the waldorf for one night before staying in the Ritz as we were seeing a show and the location was perfect! Shame about the hotel! We got there and waited 20 minutes while reception checked that my bank card worked even though I had already paid for the room. We were then told the floor of our room. Which was wrong so spent a long time looking on the 3rd floor for a room that was on the 2nd floor! When we finally found our room there was a tray of left over room service outside our room which stayed there all night. We ordered room service in the morning and it took over an hour to get to us. They then noticed the left over food outside our door and removed it! They then knocked on the door and asked when we were leaving as we had to check out at 12pm. I…,Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Premier Inn room at 6 x the price!,"Upside; Location is fantastic, staff are very friendly, great executive lounge, good breakfast buffet selection.  Downside; Swimming pool and immediate area was filthy and desperately in need of a complete refurbishment (surrounding pool pillars/wall plaster was crumbling!).   Accommodation; Our 'Executive Delux' room, which had allegedly been refurbished recently was very basic (Premier Inn standard but 6 x the price and not as clean!) .  Upon checkin, we had to wait 2 hours as our room wasn't ready. When we eventually got into our room to unpack, I was astonished to find my child drawing in the thick dust on the TV stand!   The only benefit of having an 'Executive' room, was that it gave us access to the executive lounge. The lounge offers complimentary coffee, tea, cold…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My worst experience!,"We arrived at the hotel around 2 pm to check in and the reception said the check in time is at 3 pm. We said no problem we told her that I was very weak and sick because I'm 3 months pregnant and she didn't seem to care. She said you can go sit and wait and the bar. The hotel has no lobby. And the lady who checked us in was a manager!  We wait till 3 pm and go ask about the room and another reception lady said ""Did anyone tell you that your room is including the lounge access?"" and we could wait there as our room is not ready yet and someone will go get us when the room is ready.  At around 4 pm the room was ready and OH MY GOD the room was absolutely horrible. It looked nothing like in the photos. In the photos, The window was floor to ceiling and look modern and fresh! The…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic and a little dusty,Do not expect a design hotel but a classic and old fashioned hotel in the midst of the theatre district. If you are a tourist the location could not be better. Very lively part of town and safe at any time of the day and night. The rooms are clean but could use an overhaul. They are a bit dusty just as the entire hotel - I guess thats just part of the style. Breakfast is reasonable. The gym in the basement is quite large - it is also open to the public. So is the pool. ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel!,"We loved this hotel!! The service was exemplary! The location was perfect! The room was nice and spacious. The club room was well staffed and the food, drinks, and atmosphere was top notch. We loved our stay here!!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location - friendly staff,Great location center of everything very close to Covent Garden. Older period hotel have stayed here twice. Nice (but smallish) Executive Lounge. Rooms are good quality and vary in shape depending on what floor. Executive lounge has a nice breakfast and also had a good afternoon tea and snacks.  Great base to come back to whenever you need a break due to proximity to everything.  We feel very comfortable in this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Would not recommend, spoilt our anniversary","We were really looking forward to a special 5 star experience but were really disappointed. The room was at the top of the hotel, you have to walk the final floor as lift doesn't go that far room then a trek around the corridors to a room that was dark, not very appealing and overlooked the back courtyard of the hotel. The tea/coffee making room facilites had not been replenished great of you l;ike decaf or fruit teas but no use to us. After a great theatre trip and late dinner we paid a visit to the bar area, we were seated in an area that the seating was dirty with a blood stain. We retired quite late expecting a lazy morning but were awoken at 6.00am by staff knocking at the door due to a leak which was causing a problem on the floors below.I know that its an old hotel but…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
3739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.,"I had arranged a Birthday weekend away to London for me and my Mother. When we had arrived in our twin Deluxe room we were shocked with how dirty it was. There was sweet wrappers and pens behind the curtains, used tissues under the bed and dust everywhere. It was evident that no hovering or dusting had been done in this room before our arrival.  The room contained a ugly air conditioning unit next to the bed, the wallpaper was bubbling off the wall and the surniture run down. Not what you expect from a 'Deluxe room' at the 5 star Hilton hotel.  We also had no TV controller on arrival and only one pair of slippers between the two of us.  The room was advertised as having tea and coffee facilities, but there is only enough for one each. No complementary news paper was supplied, as…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall a great place to stay,"We stayed a week.  A beautiful grand hotel, so convenient to the Strand, Covent Garden and transportation to get you anywhere else you wish to go.  All in all we had a very nice stay.   Room was pleasant and nicely decorated. Bathroom was beautiful, with a huge double window for natural light and air. Brand new fixtures, sparkling chrome. Bathtub/shower a bit slippery, despite the anti-slip treads. It could use an extra grab-bar or a rubber mat. Perhaps we should have requested one. I love the fact that the windows open. So many are sealed shut these days.   Although I do realize check in is 3 PM, and requests for early check-in are not guaranteed, surely there might be a few rooms ready before three. They were supposed to text me when it was ready. I went up to the desk at 3 to…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never again will i visit this hotel,"Visited this hotel for a overnight stay, supposed to be an experience of High Tea and a tour of the hotel, upon arrival went to our room, which I have to say was ok but not the best I have stayed in, no view from window, only two milk sachets for our stay .. so one cup each. Was booked in for High Tea in the Restaurant at 3.00 pm, this had been confirmed one hour before by our coach driver. WE went down to the restaurant at the given time only to be told they had let another tour company into the restaurant for their High Tea, as the commotion continued as they expected us to take our tea in the cocktail bar, we waited for some sense to come of this, by 5.00 pm Myself with 5 others asked for a cooked evening meal and we would forgo our high tea experience as we were now so…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel value for money,Great location great hotel in the center of London everything you want is so close to Waldorf Hilton!!!!!! Great room service clean rooms and a great swimming pool to relax!!! I think it worth to visit Waldorf!!!!,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Refurbishment needed,"I never have had such a room, small, old, dusty, run down, old gray curtains, the windows are not clean it was just a horror. Breakfast, staff are some how friendly but totality overcharged, i dont have complain about the food offer at the breakfast.  i will not be back before refurbishment of the rooms, thats not Hilton Style, GM go to Hilton Park Lane for training.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
3744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth Every Penny!,"We have stayed in many Hiltons all over the world and thought the Waldorf Hilton was one of the best.  We stayed in 2 of the updated rooms on the 4th floor and were very impressed by how comfortable, clean and elegant the rooms were.  The bathroom was very large by European standards and updated with marble; and the beds were large and comfortable.  We had to book 2 rooms for our family of 4 so I was glad that the hotel exceeded our expectations.  Because my husband is a Diamond VIP member we had access to the Executive Lounge which had complimentary food and drinks throughout the day.  They served a full hot breakfast and English tea from 3-6pm complete with delicious homemade scones, clotted cream and finger sandwiches.  From 6-8pm, they had cocktails (basically and open bar)…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A fabulous place to stay a few steps from Covent Garden and Theatreland,"I stay at the Waldorf when I am in London and want a special evening out in town especially the Theatre.  It is located in Aldwych which is between the City of London to the East and Charing Cross (Trafalgar Square) in the west.  Behind the hotel is Covent Garden and all around are London's theatres and many many restaurants, all within walking distance.  The nearest underground station is Holborn on the central Line, walk down Kingsway to Aldwych turn right and there is The Waldorf.  There are also bus services right outside the hotel door and a stop for the London Hop On Hop Off bus tour.  The main Homage dining room is rather stark and decoratively tired with two brightly lit chandeliers and no other mood lighting.  The place really needs some creative attention, a paint and…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but going downhill fast,"This hotel is in a great location for Covent garden, theatres and sightseeing. We have stayed here many times either for business or pleasure. So we have stayed both in the deluxe rooms and in the Executive rooms. This trip was a birthday treat so we had booked an Executive Room which according to the hotel website was ""spacious"". Unfortunately we arrived at the hotel quite late due to traffic so had to drop our bags and head out to dinner. Checkin took ages, not because we had to queue but just because the checkin process was so slow. And so to our room on the 1st floor. Opened the door onto a small room with twin beds and a third bed also in place. Not what we had ordered as we had booked a kingsize executive club room and certainly no additional third bed. We called reception…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dated elegance,"Stayed here last summer using Avios, would have been disappointed if I had paid in cash. Rooms were lovely, but a little small. The entrance and outside of the hotel look very impressive, though I was disappointed when I entered the foyer by how dated and 'tired' it seemed, certainly not up to the Hotel rating. We had dinner using a separate deal, 3 courses and 2 glasses of wine for £30, excellent value and the dining room reminds you of a bygone era. We had breakfast in what must be the ballroom - stunning. The hotel is ideally situated for sightseeing and theatres, excellent location, an iconic hotel with some room for improvement!",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,2nd visit and loved it again!,"Although I put a 5, it would really be a 4.5, but everyone was so nice, I will give the upward benefit.  I need to put the disclaimer that we were staying on points and if we had paid, I may have felt differently.  First, head concierge Daniel Firth is wonderful and helpful; I highly recommend you talk to him if you have questions.  All of the bell staff were very nice and helpful.  There were a few drawbacks which I will list. 1st: when we checked in the Front Desk Supervisor did not mention anything about breakfast (times, location) and did not clarify that as a Gold HH member, we had complimentary breakfast (in Waldorf NYC we did not get complimentary breakfast so I could not assume it).  We didn't know it was complimentary until we received an envelope the following morning…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not good enough,"This just missed the mark slightly.  Nothing dramatic - room was fine, but small.  Remote control didn't work properly.  Check out on Saturday morning should not have taken 15 minutes of queuing.  Paying for Wi-fi is a bit of a pain too.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for theatre,"Wife and I stayed at The Waldorf Hilton both pre- and post-cruise.  The location was within walking distance of a number of West-End Theaters and we enjoyed three shows.  The Concierge arranged tickets for our third show via e-mail as we were returning from our cruise and was very helpful.  The hotel is an historic older building, thus our rooms were smaller than usual, but adequate for our 5 days of sightseeing.  The bathrooms, however, were larger than most, and were well equipped.  The staff were uniformly helpful and accommodating, especially regarding recommendations for nearby ""neighborhood"" dining and pubs.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Weekend,We had a wonderful weekend in London & it started with our checking in at the Waldorf.  Our room was lovely & the service we got was excellent.  The Waldorf is so central to everywhere also.  Thorough recommend them.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"My expectations were sky high for my 2 night stay , sadly the truth is the Waldorf is trading of its name / history and not what this hotel delivers. The bedrooms are small and just boring I could have been in any average hotel room . The grandeur is confined to the dinning room , this room has the wow factor , I wanted this in ALL of the hotel .   My stay was fine but I expected more , I am just pleased I stayed using my reward points and didn't pay full price. Booked a NON smoking ,Was given a smoking room on arrival , be warned these rooms stink , I had to move rooms . Not a good start . But the location of the hotel is excellent .  Come on Hilton you need to do more to meet your guests expectations. (this is the WALDORF)",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,BE CAREFUL OF THE FEE!!!,Lovely hotel but beware as the staff do not warn you when booking they will withdraw £100 without your consent or knowledge in case of any incidentals and you have to wait five working days for the £100 to go back into your account! That cant be right!,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay,"What a great way to spend a weekend in the heart of London. We went to St Pauls Catheral excellent with the whispering gallery, the stairs up to it were quiet a feat. Followed by a river cruise to Greenwich and the Cutty Sark. The following day off to the Shard wow! the view was amazing followed by lunch in restaurant below. Back to the Wardolf  in Executive lounge to chill out with drinks and canapes foloowing by dinner. Had a great time.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,MY VISIT,"I Love the Waldorf and I will go back there anytime I can. Any excuse to dress up and feel good. I always feel great when I'm in the Waldorf.  love the deco and the old fashion service, the waldorf is my prefer place in London.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay.,"This is the fourth time we stayed at the Waldorf Hilton and the only complaint is that there still is no free wifi in the rooms or the lobby. For the rest I can only say that we really enjoyed our stay. I especially would like to thank the Guest Relations Manager, Eline Christiaanse, who made sure that we got rooms with connecting doors as we were traveling with our friends daughter. A big thank you from the three of us!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Losing its market position.....,"We booked a suite in this hotel as part of a birthday celebration and were utterly disappointed in so many ways. The suite itself was spacious and had marvellous views - but so very, very  tired. The seating could only be described as filthy, the shower operated at slow trickle level and the bath would have taken hours to fill. Towels - sad, thinning and old and complimentary toiletries are of the most basic. General décor is stale with peeling paint around the windows and drab, flimsy curtains. Breakfasts were not well catered for, both options that we ad access to were full to over-capacity, with long queues of people waiting to be seated - we decided to try our luck outside the hotel and found the marvellous Delaunays on the corner of Aldwych which we can thoroughly recommend…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hilton The Waldorf, London Great Weekend Break","I was really taken back how nice our stay was. It was a planned luxury night away, and we were not disappointed. The room and bathroom was very clean. Very impressed. Well done. The Executive Lounge was a great selling point. It was so popular that it did on occassions become over crowded. Need a bigger area ! Executive Lounge Staff, Reception Staff very polite and professional. .. Breakfast was good (fresh). . Someone gave me a tip from TripAdvisor, which was to choose a Suite (we choose a Junior Suite), that provides access to the Executive Lounge. Great tip. Food and drink included in Room Cost ! Room was a decent size and Executive Lounge relaxing. Also, location was spot on. As it was a weekend, we park outside the hotel on a single yellow line for free !",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea at The Waldorf Hilton,"Rather a dissapointing visit for afternoon tea. The service was almost nonexistent.  I waited approx 15 minutes to be seated as there were no staff available at the desk.  A pot of tea took 25 minutes to arrive after ordering and the sandwiches didn't arrive. After getting up from the table to ask a busy member of staff to please bring them they did eventually arrive.   The cake stand took frequent requests and arrived after approx half an hour. The cakes looked and tasted delicious but due to needing to leave for booked transport the whole experience was stressful and dissapointing.  I left with cakes in a box to enjoy on my journey home due to spending time waiting to be served. I felt there wasn't enough staff and seemingly no organisation. Sadly, I would not recommend…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, service, room size, in that order.","If you're looking for the perfect halfway house between the great shopping and eating in Covent Garden and the more business-oriented High Holborn, then you could do worse than this hotel. The service in the lobby was very good, my bags were well looked after as I arrived early and deposited in my room long before I arrived back in the evening. My office is in High Holborn which was perfect walking distance, and you are extremely spoiled by the array of restaurants and bars on your doorstep just footsteps form the main entrance of the hotel. The hotels bar and restarant may suffer in this regard, as they are surrounded by the likes of the Delaunay (amazing breakfasts), Opera Tavern (some of the best tapas in London with a great wine list), and the Radio Rooftop directly opposite…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Very nice food and plenty of it, the waitress even offered to bring more food.  The tea was lovely, as was the champagne.  My only gripe was that the champagne glasses weren't evenly filled, in fact one was short by about £3 worth and we had to ask for it to be filled.  All in all not the best afternoon tea we've had in London but not unpleasant.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor organisation and ignorant staff spoiled a special birthday surprise.,"My partner arranged a coach trip which included afternoon tea at the Waldorf. We were booked in for tea at 3 pm on Sunday 24th August. We arrived at 2:45 and went to our rooms to deposit luggage and then immediately went back down to the foyer, to await our courier who was going to take us to the Homage Grand Salon, It was obvious that there was a problem with the booking. Some of our party were ushered into the Homage private lounge - now this sounds quite posh and almost like we were being given an upgraded experience - wrong! It was a characterless room which was set up to seat about 20 people - and we were a party of 40 or more. So some of our party ended up in the bar area. Our courier attempted to resolve the problems and the meeter and greeter chose to walk away from her.…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great place to call home while in London,"My wife and I stayed at this property as part of our honeymoon trip.  Upon check in, my Hilton gold status was recognized and we were quickly assigned a king room which was very large compared to typical European hotel rooms.  The room was clean, well designed and very comfortable.  We were provided access to the club lounge which provided breakfast and snacks throughout the day along with cocktails the evening.  The food spread was significantly better then ones in the U.S. although the club was crowded at times.  The location of this hotel was the main selling point for me.  My wife and I were able to walk to many sites (Trafalgar square, parliament and Buckingham palace to name a few) with relative ease, but for those that would rather ride, the hop-on-hop-off bus had a stop…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
3764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Concierge Desk over-worked but incredibly helpful,"Our room was large and comfy with a dressing room and bathroom. Now I did feel like the floor of the tub/shower was a bit slippery, and since I broke my foot last year, I had to be extra cautious when using the facilities, but I managed without injury. The bed was quite comfortable, and I got in some good sleeping hours each night. The location of the hotel was near a few of the museums and the theatre district, which was great.   But in my opinion, the biggest plus was the concierge staff. Those gentlemen at the desk were wonderful. Over our 3-night stay, they helped with booking restaurant reservations, gaining tickets to Buckingham Palace, giving multiple directions to various events and attractions, and hailing taxi cabs for us. They were always kind and polite even during…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Night,"Stayed at the Waldorf for one night last week and this is a real quality Hotel. Arrived with a double booked but my Daughter wanted to stay with us after a London Theatre night rather than go back to a flat, they quickly put a fold up bed into our room for us. Many Thanks for this, its a small thing but one that when its done promptly and withou fuss it makes a difference. We wanted afternoon Tea but it finishes at 4pm however the waiter went into the kitchen and sorted one out for us, again Thanks very much to The Waldorf, very good. I stay in a lot of Hotels and these littl extra efforts define a Top Hotel. We used the Hotel to go see 'Dare' at the Phoenix, which was an excellent Show , well done to the Female Lead Jill Winternitz, what a Star :) Well Done Waldorf.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,slightly disappointed,"I booked this as part of a weekend birthday surprise for my partner.  We arrived at the hotel a few hours early and decided to try and check in. A delightful man took our bags at the door and showed us through to reception.  The lobby of the hotel was quite luxurious and I thought I had made a pretty good choice as I chose this hotel over a number of similarly priced alternatives.  Our room was not ready but I was told they had put a rush on it and I would be sent a text imminently.  A few hours later the text never came and we returned. Our room was ready.  We ascended the lift to the 4th Floor, I think it was room 407. I can't recall but i was very disappointed at what I saw. It was as if someone had taken a room from the local travel lodge and placed it within this beautiful…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great style,We have stayed at this hotel a number of times and have always received great service even when the hotel is very busy. The rooms have a style all of their own and and the staff are very helpful. Cyril the concierge is the most helpful and knows everything. The hotel is perfect locales for all he shows and Cyril appears to always be able to get the blest seats and prices. We are looking forward to returning at Christmas time. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel ,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"HORRIBLE, WE LEFT EARLY",After reading other reviews on TA we decided to take the chance and book The Waldorf Hilton London because we really wanted to stay in this area. Big Mistake!!!    Check in was horrible and slow. The room wasn't ready until after 4pm so we sat in the bar before a 2nd check in staff member noticed we could have sat in the lounge so we were direct there until we got our room keys. This is after I went and asked for the 3rd time if the room was ready.    We were directed to the 7th floor and on getting out of the lifts we were asked by other guests with their bags if they knew where the 8th floor was. I said it looks like the lifts only go to the 7th. They were confused and went back down to the Lobby. We later noticed a sign saying 'Take the stair to the 8th floor'  Our Executive…,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Efficient checkin. Immediate upgrade to a deluxe room with Hhonors gold. The recently refurbed room was lovely in art-deco style, luxury bath and amenities. Our room was at the back of the hotel so no view but also no noise. Superbly comfy bed and pillows. Noisy people in the corridor at times but can't blame the hotel for that!   All the staff were very efficient, pleasant and friendly. Great location with excellent tube, rail and bus links. ",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Week-end at the Waldorf, London","A comfortable and well-appointed hotel in an excellent position and the staff were friendly, attentive and efficient. My only complaint would be that we had to wait too long to be shown to a breakfast table and service was very slow. Nonetheless, we would certainly return here.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Having stayed in Hilton hotels all over the world (and London) I was rather disappointed at the price we paid to stay here.  We visited London for our wedding anniversary and thought we would treat ourselves to a luxury hotel. We paid extra to upgrade to one of the modern rooms, the room itself was absolutely tiny, barely any room around the bed and a tiny bathroom, for a 5 star luxury hotel at this price I would expect a much bigger room, it was also quite a walk from the lifts when the hotel seemed fairly empty.  Was woken at 5:30 am on Sunday morning by incredible amounts of noise in the corridors.  The breakfast was really nice and the location is excellent but unfortunately the rooms let this hotel down.  Ordered an old fashioned in the bar and what arrived was the worst…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,West End stay in Waldorf,"A really high standard of accommodation here with very friendly helpful staff and good facilties. It's a pity the rooms don't have more UK style power outlets but the cleanliness and facilities are very good. It's also a pity the restaurant which serves great food can't rid itself of the bad practice of charging a fee for service and leaving a place on the sales voucher for a gratuity...a really dishonest practice.Aside from these concerns, it is a good base for the West End and a perfect stopover in its location and quality if you want to take in a show.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"It's been over four years since I stayed here and I feel that things have gone a tad down hill! After waiting 20 mins for our booking we had a further wait of 30 minutes before a tea order. The rooms and hotel are quite nice and the ambience adequate. A harpist was present and that was pleasant too. The cakes and sandwiches were all good , although requests were completely ignored. The hotel is nice, tea selection and food was good but the service let this place down. Complete chaos as lack of staff obvious and staff rushing around to clearly set up a function next door. I would not return as there are much nicer places for Afternoon Tea.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,never again,"The was to be the ""luxury"" moment of our trip: three days in the Waldorf, right in the middle of London. It presents very well-- lovely man in coattails and top hat to open the door, a beautiful reception area and bar, friendly and professional staff. But the room, which was on the top floor and was classed as an upgrade, was tiny, and the AC was broken, so it was close to 100 F in there. They tried to fix it, but when we came back from our walk it was even hotter, and the room they moved us to had a bed that felt like a board with a blanket over it. The wifi was intermittent. The mirror fell off the wall. The staff, who were hardly to blame, did their best to make up for this with bottles of free wine-- but we ended up fleeing to a Doubletree in Westmister the next morning.  …",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 star hotel,"I'm a HH Gold member and was given a free upgrade to one of the ""modern"" rooms; I would have hated to have seen what the standard rooms are like! The room was far from modern, cramped and noisy - not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The luxury seemed to end as soon as you got out of the lobby, which is a shame as I would have expected more from a brand like Waldorf. The person on reception did wipe our room service off the bill as we said we were disappointed, which they didn't have to do. I wouldn't return though as there are far better options as far as Hiltons go. Other thing to note is that the exec lounge is only for diamond members, so doesn't offer great value for Gold members.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We attended Afternoon Tea on a Wowcher deal, and subsequently received the standard deal website treatment. The service was friendly, but not as attentive as I would expect from The Waldorf. Overall the teas sandwiches and cakes were delicious, although the cakes weren't as fresh as they could be, perhaps they'd been sitting around a bit as we were the last sitting. Overall it wasn't anything special, but great value and we would be happy to return in the future.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,nice hotel with a few drawbacks,"We stayed here when we went to London in August 2013. The lobby bar is excellent (although it seems like it didn't stay open very late). The Hilton Honors Lounge is very nice. Good breakfast and great afternoon snacks/tea. On our floor (not sure about the others) we had to go down a few steps from the elevator lobby to our room, so if you have mobility issues this may not be the best choice for you. My in-laws' room was a bit small (with a HUGE closet). Our room was large...but it only had one A/C vent (which didn't point at our bed), so it was hot in our room and we never slept well. (We're Americans--we like A/C.) We even had hotel maintenance check our A/C and it was working correctly. This hotel wasn't as convenient to the tube as another hotel we stayed at in London (The…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
3778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Central London Hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights combining g a weekend break with a business trip.  Had a nice quiet room on a high floor (as requested), which meant a very peaceful stay.  Booked an executive room, and the visited the lounge for pre theatre drinks. I think the cost of the upgrade is money well spent.  Great location for shows and sightseeing. I am familiar with London so managed to walk everywhere.  Have stayed here several time son business, and will do so again (either business or pleasure).",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Should have been a higher rating but...,"Excellent large quiet room. Pleasant staff. But ....  1. WiFi was £14.95 !!! Every other hotel I have ever stayed in has free WiFi. For the price at the Waldorf surely it should be free. 2. At 4pm we were told it was not possible to have dinner until after 9.30pm.  3. We were warned there would be long delays at breakfast (so we breakfasted out at Bills) 4. The tea/coffee tray had opened half empty packs of instant coffee 5. The concierge had no real grasp of the local buses 6. £50 was taken by credit card at reception and had to be refunded when we left ( at least I hope it was refunded - hasn't appeared on the credit card bill yet)  For what is supposed to be a top end hotel, none of this should have happened, which is a pity as we found the room excellent",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ugh. Not good.,"Where do I begin? I have been a Hilton HHonors Diamond member for 10 years, staying at numerous Hilton properties worldwide. This stay was supposed to be the highlight of our trip to London. Instead, it turned into a major disappointment and hassle. Upon arrival, it was at least 90 degrees (Fahrenheit) in our room, and the air conditioning wasn't working. An hour after we reported this, an engineer finally showed up (we were on our way out by then) and assured us it would be fixed by the time we got back. 4 hours later, we returned, to find the room hotter than before. Got moved to another room, where I sat at the desk and... had the wall mirror promptly fall on me (upon closer inspection, it turned out to be hanging on a single bolt). The staff were very apologetic and offered…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent.,"took a friend here for a birthday surprise.  The room was simple yet clean and tidy and stylish. All the staff where extremely friendly. Made to feel very very welcome. Would defenetly stay here again. Cant think of anything bad to say about this hotel at all. Runs so well. the beds where so comfortable, didn't want to get up out of bed.  The bar served wonderful cocktails. would stay again and again",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Children loved playmobil,We stayed in the playmobil suite which the kids loved. Lucky to be there - the suite is available for 40 nights. All the families turned up for breakfast at the same time and they were a bot short staffed but it was fine.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"It would seem they don't care,","You should never be able to check into a five star hotel and find the remains of someone else's dinner in your mini bar, here you can. You should never be able to check into a five star hotel and find the maids dirty cleaning cloth dumped over your tea tray, here you can. When you bring the above points to the attention of the staff you expect there to be an apology and a fuss to fix it. Not here. You should never have to queue in a five star hotel for twenty five minutes in the corridor outside the restaurant to get in and get a table for breakfast. Here you do.  When someone drops scrambled egg on the tiled floor at breakfast you expect the multitude of stuff to deal with it quickly an efficiently. Not here. Here they walk round it for ten minutes each telling the other about…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer service,"Stayed here for my birthday at the beginning of August and had a really lovely time. It’s a beautiful property but there were a few problems with the room. That said, manager Sarah Baldwin had them all resolved in no time at all. Absolutely excellent customer service!! Do treat yourself to a cocktail or two if you stay at the Waldorf, they are fabulous :-)",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Non-descript, basic hotel with great LA Fitness in the building","The Waldorf Hilton in London is right in Covent Garden on Aldwych St. (a few doors away from the One Aldwych Hotel).    An executive room was a good value, but also had scuffs, stains, chips and a general need for refurbishment. Internet was included, as was breakfast and drinks in the executive lounge.  The best part of the hotel was access to the LA Fitness in the basement. For a commercial gym, it isn't terribly big but certainly far better than typical hotel gyms.  If you get a good deal, this hotel is worth it for a basic stay.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed.  Shabby,"Although front of house staff and reception area appear to achieve a good standard the lifts are old and slow. The corridor to our room 704 was shabby and needed attention. The room is small , standard double, and furniture is old. There was a dribble mark on the side table which was not cleaned despite reporting that, a pubic hair in the bath, a dirty sink n taps (still not clean) and an Unvacuumed carpet. Very, very disappointing. Slightly concerned now re breakfast in the morning. So far - would not recommend.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
3787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.....,"Stayed here for one night, 13th august for a theatre trip and sight seeing with my daughter. We had a 'deluxe' twin and were allocated a room on the 7th floor. The room was large but very much in need of a face lift. The window had no curtain to pull over, it was either missing or had been removed, there was only a net covering the window, cue a 6am wake up due to the light. The bathroom was large but very tired and the shower poor. The beds were comfortable and overall we slept well. I just felt a bit..........cheated. There was nothing deluxe about the standard of the room. Breakfast was buffet style, at 8.30am there was no juice, no glasses, no cereal bowls. This is peak time so the staff should have been right up to speed. On the plus side the reception, concierge were…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little birthday treat,"A good offer via Last Minute, and we were booked into a Junior Suite at the Waldorf for my daughter's birthday. She'd asked if she could stay in an hotel in London, along with her best friend, instead of having a party. I let the hotel know, via the comments section on the booking form, that it was her birthday, but sadly no one had registered this, and the only person who wished her a happy birthday was the doorman, and that was because I told him! It's little things like this that remain with you after a stay - a card in the room would have been sufficient to make her feel special.  The Junior Suite was very comfortable and stylish, exactly how I would have wanted the Waldorf to look. We'd been given a Super-King sized bed, and the sofa bed (a small 4'6"" double) was made up,…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tea for two,"Although we had a nice time , we got there a little earlier than our booked time and although we were shown to our table twice , the first table had a wobbly leg , we were then left waiting for 35 minuets before anyone came to us , to bring our drinks , having been to the ritz which was a great experience , I just felt a little let down with the service",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"The best thing about the Waldorf London is its location.  You can walk to Covent Garden, along The Strand, quick and easy to Embankment, and theaters are all nearby.    The staff at the Waldorf were friendly enough and professional.  Nothing to push them over the top but nothing to complain about either.    The room was nice sized and the bed was comfortable.  The bathroom was very nice and after walking for miles each day it was nice to take a hot bath in a large tub.   The Executive Lounge is nowhere near the size it should be for a property as large as the Waldorf.  Two of the three nights I stayed at the hotel the lounge was so busy in the 6 pm - 8 pm service that there was not even standing room for me much less a seat.    Money spent at the Waldorf is for the location!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel is a bit below par,I was really looking forward to staying at the iconic Waldorf in London. However the reality did not match up to the expectations. The hotel is sadly in need of a refit. The quality of the rooms (although clean and well serviced) are by today's standards very dated. The lifts are very slow and cramped. The Executive lounge is small and thus overcrowded. A disappointment.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton service and a great location,"An excellent hotel with a perfect location for visiting London. The staff are particularly attentive and courteous, going that little bit extra to ensure we enjoyed our stay.  I have stayed at the Warldorf on business in the past and found it suited my needs admirably.  This was my first leisure trip to the Warldorf and, again, although my needs we're different, the hotel met my expectations and those of my companion.  We'll done Warldorf!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great central place to stay in comfort whilst in London.,"This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel.  It's close to everything inLondon, just around the corner from Covent Garden, close handy to the theatres and restaurants and transport.  The rooms are always neat and clean and the breakfast is first rate.  You would have to be hard to please not to enjoy your stay here.  The staff are friendless and welcoming and a great source of information on things to do etc,",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent stay, great location","We had a one night layover in London on our way to Paris. We stayed at the hotel and recieved an upgrade due to Diamond status and access to the Executive lounge, which allowed for an evening cocktail and morning breakfast. Both really nice additions for a short stay. The hotel is a few blocks from Rock and Sole, a fish and chips place we wanted to try (which was excellent) and with easy access to Bourogh Market and a short cab ride to Wesminster Abbey, a church we really wanted to see and explore. All the best to the hotel staff that assisted in the stay. We look forward to returning soon.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf hotel.... Simply wonderful 5* Wowzers!!,"On a recent  business trip to the Capital, (TV Screen test) after which I wanted a night at the theatre, and a overnight stay in a hotel that I have always wanted to stay in......  As a suprise, treat for my wife I decided to book....... The London Waldorf.  A Hilton hotel that is simply wonderful! To make it extra special for my wife I contacted the hotel, and asked for Some extra things in our room.   Flowers....... You can't beat flowers and Prosecco as a treat.    Elisa & Mette our hotel contacts made our stay the Waldorf memorable to say the least.  Our room 435 was simply stunning. But made very special by the attention to detail from these ladies.   A huge bed, TV, seating, air con, tea & coffee making stuff, safe, mini bar, hair dryer, iron & ironing board, music in the…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An amazing and memorable stay in the heart of London's buzzing West End.,"My husband and I strayed here over Easter having booked through a website that allowed us to pay an extra £50 to upgrade should a suite be available. Well as luck should have it, there was an amazing room available and we upgraded to executive meaning we had access to complimentary drink, food and breakfast the following morning. But even the standard room we had originally booked looked fantastic.  Staff were first class, food was delicious and the location was superb. We walked everywhere (and I hate walking) with ease and enjoyment taking in the London ambience.   An amazing few days. Much needed and very good hospitality!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 star Hilton luxury,"My fiancé and I have stayed here several times over the past few years. Each stay has been very enjoyable and the hotel has not disappointed.  Our first visit started off on the wrong foot as the suite I booked was suddenly not available, so after complaining I was offered an inferior room, a refund for the price difference, house champagne and a free stay next time! - VERY impressed with how they dealt with this and made up for it.  Subsequent stays have all been amazing. The best bit for me is the Executive lounge with drinks and nibbles in the evenings and breakfast in the morning.  We are returning to London soon and I will definitely look into the Waldorf once again. The best Hilton hotel I have stayed at by far.  You won't be disappointed staying here.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
3798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another business trip to London,"I like this hotel, its convenient location close to transport lines and not far away from buzzing Covent Garden - trip from Heathrow - a breeze. Clean rooms, comfortable bed and good breakfast. All I needed for my business trip to make me feel good and relaxed after the working hours.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Should take more pride...,"The location and image of the hotel is superb but unfortunately once you get behind this though your impression gets slowly reduced. Hotel room needed a better clean - hair grips on the floor and shower gel stains on tiles. Breakfast service was shoddy, disorganised and unresponsive. Asked for two teas got one, re asked nothing showed up gave up. Given the price you pay, Hilton need to try harder. Shame really as this should have been a great experience. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Five Star,This hotel offers the standard Hilton experience in a great London location. There are none of the features you would get with a five star hotel. There is nothing wrong with the hotel - I would normally give it a score of 4 - but expectations have been set.   A note of caution about the leisure facilities. On the weekend they are open 9.30-5-30 which is fairly limiting. ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Romantic weekend spoiled,"Stayed for a weekend on August. Nice location and convenient for theatres, and the hotel room was pleasant enough, except for the free wi fi which is hopeless. What really spoiled it though was the wedding from hell downstairs through to the early hours! Being on the first floor it was impossible to sleep or even read. I don't mind the inconvenience of noisy music to say midnight but well into the early hours is disrespectful to paying guests. Maybe it was a particularly noisy wedding and a one off, but it sure as hell spoiled our weekend and therefore will never stay at this hotel again. ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed here for the first time in a couple of years. Decided to treat ourselves and has a suite.  An excellent room, air conditioned, spacious and comfortable.  Nice and quiet room with access to the executive lounge. This was a welcome treat. Staff were very friendly and helpful, nothing appeared to be to much trouble.  A great stay. Thank you",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton in London,"We stayed at this hotel because it is very close to the Adelphi theatre and we went there to see The Bodyguard but, to be honest, it is just an average Hilton Hotel.  Perhaps because of it's name - The Waldorf - I expected more.  It is in a great location, good size rooms, facilities and breakfast but not sure that it's really worth the cost.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Somewhat a Disappointment,"My wife is a Hilton Gold member and this is the first Hotel on our trip that was not able to give us an upgrade. That's absolutely ok and understandable. However, we we're offered some in-Room drinks as ""compensation"" which never came. Also, while extra wishes were confirmed at check-in, they were not followed through. Rooms are good, although the toilet demands mandatory ""flush-stops"" as it refills very slowly and some bulbs were out. But that is minor. Breakfast was very good although staff seemed a little over whelmed with a full seating. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is excellent for West End Theatres,Stayed here for 2 nights for my birthday and attended couple of West End shows.  Booked standard room and opted for E-standby upgrade to executive room. Stayed in room 703. Held Gold Status at time of visit; not offered room upgrade but got free WiFi. This room appears to be older room.  Room was very nice with 2 issues. Toilet appeared to have leak at base on tiled area which I reported to reception this morning at 0915. As of 1800 there is still a leak and no communication from hotel as to if rectified or will be before I checkout. I get the impression it will not be and probably a long standing problem.   There are plenty of spare power sockets but only 1 is of standard UK plug. It's seems quite bizarre that you need to bring either a extension lead or travel socket when…,None,3.0
3806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not 5 star,"Just visited london with the wife and 4 month old and booked a couple of nights in a queen deluxe at the Waldorf. Prior to this we had a night at the radisson mercer st which is 4 star and Excellant . The Waldorf exterior is lovely but the rooms are very poor and not a 5 star... Small, poor colours and fittings and the tiles in the shower were orange in the grout... I don't have this at home and don't expect it in a 5 star.  Staff were nice and location great but won't return here as very disappointed.. All other hotels have free wifi and tv choices which are good when with a little one. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The location gives it four stars,"Came back as you can't beat the location. Checked in early and although I have gold status no rooms were available, luck of the draw. I was allocated a room on the 7th floor overlooking Aldwych. Awesome view of the Shard. The room was not a refurbished room that came with pros and cons, Pro - Huge ! and lots of storage. Con - Tired. I was offered the chance to change it later in the day but once you are settled whats the point, its just a bed for the night. Staff at the Hilton are amazing! Always smiling and the the doormen and so helpful. I will come back again.  If I had one criticism and this goes for many hotels, it's 2015! We all have devices we want to plug in next to us by the bed ! I had to borrow an extension lead to charge my phone.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A wonderful experience,"I usually stay at The Waldorf, but my last trip was a disappointment. Well, I guess I have to chalk that up to one bad experience!. This trip was perfect from beginning to end. The service was extraordinary. The Executive Plus room was large and immaculate. The Executive Lounge is a wonderful convenience. Even the a/c worked perfectly (and it was hot in London) The price was reasonable by London standards. And, the location is, of course, unbeatable.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent staff, excellent location for the west end,good value for money","We spent four nights at the Waldor Hilton in London. We had a junior suite, which is quite confortable and has a nice bathroom. Our son had a standard room, small, but with a spacious bathroom. The staff is great and everyone does his best to make you feel at home. All theatres and covent garden are walking distance. Breakfast is excellent. We had a junior suite on the first floor and this is to be avoided in case of events taking place in the hotel. The music made the all room shake until very late in the night. The second night we complained since there was another event and we were accomodated on the second floor and at a discount rate. The staff at the frontdesk was very understanding, still it is better to avoid the first floor because the hotel is often full on these…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central London,We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton.  Only complaint is that they charge for wifi and at the price of the room seems like it should be free.  Everyone was pleasant and the room was great. Perfect location for walking to many sites.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"Went here for a weekend away with a friend, when we got to the room the two beds had been made into a double when we had booked a twin room. It took them three hours to turn them back into twin beds and that was only after calling housekeeping twice! No tea,coffee or sugar in the room, breakfast was cold as we were seated right under the air-con, I slipped in the bath as it had not been cleaned properly, all in all a very bad experience and not one we will be repeating any time soon.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
3812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable rooms and good value for money","Fantastically located in The Aldwych this is a great base from which to explore London.  The rooms are a nicely furnished and very comfortable.  However, do not bother with a smoking room, as I had requested one (being a smoker of course), but the smell was hideous and I moved to a non-smoking room.  The staff are very pleasant and helpful",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good hotel great location,Myself and 16 year old daughter stayed here as part of a short break with GB tours. We arrived at the Waldorf at 4pm and headed straight to our room. A large spacious room on the 7th floor modern but in keeping with the hotels character. clean and comfortable and very quiet considering its central London location. We went out into Covent Garden for a bite to eat in the evening   returning around 8.30pm to be welcomed by a very polite doorman who asked about our evening and well being . A lovely touch. We went down for breakfast in the Homage restaurant at 8.15 am . we were greeted on the door and shown to our table the restaurant is stunning very grand. We had fantastic service and a good selection of both hot and cold buffet items. We left early as we were  booked on a…,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Strange stay at the Waldorf,"Stayed for one night at the Waldorf and although the hotel retains much of its elegance and charm in keeping with its history we were disappointed that our particular room had that tired feel. The public areas - grand lobby, palm court and bar retain some of the beautiful old architecture and the smart uniformed staff and doorman lend a certain air of opulence to the hotel. We felt though that our individual room, though, was in need of some TLC. Broken and worn furniture and a bathroom that needed grout and cleaning, Fancy the Waldorf providing cheap plastic loo seats !  We were unable to get the scruffy air conditioning to work efficiently and we were very warm. Breakfast provided some nice food but was spoilt by indifferent service although the restaurant was only half full.…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I've had better!,Stopped here for one night in order to see a show thinking it would be a nice treat. I have to say that I have stayed in nicer hotels for a lot less. Whilst I accept that I paid a premium for location I also expected a high standard of facilities. The room was small and dowdy and the bathroom was grubby. A double bed is unusual in a hotel these days (king size is the norm in my experience) and the pillows were very thin. On the plus side staff were very helpful and the breakfast buffet was pretty good.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights as a weekend break, including a west end show. The setting is perfect, just a close walking distance to covent garden and the theatres. It is also very easy to grab a bus or a taxi outside the hotel which was very handy. We received a very warm welcome from the reception staff who were knowledgable about everything we asked. On arriving, the room was immaculate, very modern yet classic and with everything we needed - great selection in the mini bar, great tv, iron, hair dryer and the bed was very very comfortable so we got a great nights sleep. The bathroom was also exceptional. We had cocktails in Godfreys bar which has a great atmosphere and very attentive staff, however the Waldorf-Tinis are £19 each were not good at all and difficult…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
3817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"A nice hotel, a nice dining room, but a pretty average champagne afternoon tea. There was a harpist playing when we arrived but she quickly packed up and the staff opened the doors into the next room where a tea dance was going on with a live band! That looked far more exciting than our experience.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location worth every penny,"Hotel is just above average, however for the price location is amazing. Don't book for the prestige but do so for the location. Rooms could've been larger and staff more traditional. ................................................",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for West End shows and Covent Garden,"We booked two rooms for ourselves and 2 of our children for a Friday night stay. It's not a cheap hotel by any means and what you are paying for is the location in the main, which is excellent. The hotel is a period building with 3 small lifts which are somewhat claustrophobic, extremely warm with more than 2 persons and you can wait a while to get in one when the hotel is busy. We took the stairs a few times instead. Our rooms were nicely decorated and very comfortable but we were disappointed as Hilton diamond members to find no slippers in the room, only 1 tiny shower gel, shampoo and conditioner for 2 of us (plus no cotton wool or buds) and we weren't offered the option of a newspaper or early morning call. Breakfast was enjoyable in the lovely restaurant, with plenty of the…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
3820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,Stayed for one night when visiting London to see a show. This was a Christmas present from my husband and I was very excited to think I was staying at The Waldorf. Maybe my expectations were a little too high but I felt that it was an average hotel experience. The staff could not have been friendlier even offering us a complementary bottle of wine as we could not get into our room until an hour later than stated. The room was clean and quiet. It was the leisure facilities that let the experience down. One of the main reason my husband chose here was the promise of a pool. However due to late check in and breakfast it was a tight squeeze to fit in a leisurely swim. We did however venture down to be told we needed a padlock for the lockers; something that I don't tend to carry…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Charming old hotel, updated rooms too.","My wife and I got to get away this summer without the kids, thanks to their grandparents taking them camping in upstate NY.  With my insane business travel schedule from 2013, I had a bucket of Hilton points to burn, so we opted for the Waldorf.  Miscommunication upon arrival - we had 2 back to back stays, one on points, the other on our dime.  Somehow, despite booking a queen suite for both, they managed to turn our points reservation into one for twin beds.  Wrong answer!  Happily, they sorted that out in a few moments, and gave us a room upgrade at no extra cost.  Maintenance had to address a couple of small issues, like a nonfunctional TV remote, and a bathroom sink that wouldn't drain (plug was stuck in the down position), but those got sorted out quickly while we were out.…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and service,"We had the superior plus room for family of three. The room was very clean and maintained. Probably refurbished recently. We also had the access to the Executive Lounge - free breakfast on the morning. We were told that we can eat breakfast in the hotel's dinning room and not only in the lounge - we did, the verity is much larger there. The service in the hotel is really good, all the stuff is very helpful and welcoming. Any question or problem was handled write away. WiFi in the room works great. The location is great: 5 minutes walk from Covent Garden, 3 minutes walk from theaters. Many bus lines around.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect Location, imperfect communications","No real problems with the hotel - staff very friendly and efficient, and over one area, apologetic  The room we had was large and fine, the decor here and there was a bit tired, but overall it was worth staying there for the excellent location, which was only two minutes away from Covent Garden and all the main theatres.   Lots of nice little side streets and pubs, with history and ambience.     However, having paid £300 per night to stay there I did expect to have a WiFi connection.  Coming from overseas, as many of the guests did, the only way to use our phones or connect to the internet was to pay a further £15 PER DAY, for the privilege - which is FREE in nearly every other hotel I have stayed in.  Surely a hotel chain, which charges such high prices, should realise that…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average experience,"Booked a table for two in the Homage Restaurant, with an Amazon Local voucher deal, which was for a 3 course meal and a glass of champagne for two at just £49.00 so good value. However the meal was decidedly average, just about the quality you could expect at your local restaurant. The best part was the fresh bread, the main course seemed like it had been left on the pass for a long time and the only excuse they can have for the Pavlova is that it must have been ""bought in"". Just like eating chalk. Very hard and powdery with no hint of a soft middle. Overall a very disappointing experience from a famous hotel",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"My husband and I stayed at this property for three nights in July.  After reading some less than stellar reviews, I was a little concerned about booking this Hotel. However, our experience could not have been better. The staff was both friendly and helpful. The room was clean and quiet.  The location was perfect for the theater district, restaurants and sight seeing attractions.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip to London,"My daughter and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton overnight for a theatre break away.  The room was sparkly clean,, quiet, and comfortable.  The staff could not have been more helpful and polite.  It was a great experience and the location perfect for sightseeing London on foot.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Heavenly Hilton.,"Myself and my 2 children aged 19 & 23 stayed here during a short break to London to watch Lion King amongst other pre planned activities. The hotel was a 2 minute walk to the Lyceum Theatre and was in a perfect location for many  other attractions too. The hotel, service and food were all   outstanding and we had a fabulous experience at the Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Poor start got Better once we had Checked in.,"I telephone the hotel prior to our arrival to ask what room we had been allocated as I am claustrophobic and am unable to take the lift - the first time I called I was told that the room had not been allocated but I would be put through to someone who could do that, the telephone went through to an answer phone saying that the person I needed to speak to was not available and to leave a message!   I called back and went through the same process - however on this occasion I spoke to an extremely obstructive and unhelpful female member of staff who told me it was impossible to allocate any room until we actually checked in - I explained again my situation and said that this was ridiculous and that they must be able to allocate a room (I didn't mind using the stairs but as we were…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but not really that special","Stayed at the London Waldorf for a Saturday night recently. Location, is pretty good, not that close to any underground station, the nearest probably being Coventry Garden .... which is a 5 to 10 minute walk away. Located very close to London Theatreland and Covent Garden so there is plenty to see and do right on the doorstep. Things that annoyed me: the gym/fitness facilities are only available between around 1000am and 530pm on weekends. This is ridiculous, given that most people using the hotel at weekends are their for leisure - so would normally be enjoying London during the day, and may only have an hour or two early morning or in the evening to use the fitness facilities (including a pool). I asked the hotel about this, but was given the excuse that the facilities wee…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Top choice for a stay in central London,"I stayed at the Waldorf for two days and found it to be an excellent hotel.   The executive suite that I stayed in was spacious and comfortable and a nice blend of modern convenience and traditional furnishings.  The bathroom was spacious and appeared like new with granite counters, spotless tile and sparkling fixtures.  My son occupied an executive King room that was equal to the suite in quality and furnishings.  The executive lounge for gold and diamond Honors members was on par with Hilton's Best.   Service from the front desk, bell staff, and room service was first rate and equal of a five star rating.  We ate in the homage restaurant which I would highly recommend if staying in the Hotel.   The food and service were great and the pre fix menu is a bargain for a hotel…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,I recently stayed in the Waldorf with my husband and 10 year old son I don't normally expect too much from city hotels as we use them as a base for sight seeing but I must say this hotel exceeded my expectations the room we stayed in was at the rear of the hotel very quiet extremely spacious for a London hotel and luxurious we had executive club room access and the choice of breakfast snacks and afternoon were excellent really enjoyed it . Not cheap but worth the extra for the comfort and staff that could not do enough for you . I will be definitely going back,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Useless.,"Stayed here for one night for a friend's birthday. Room was £400 including breakfast.  The room is tiny. Like, tiny. You can't move, and that isn't exaggerating.  The room is old, dull, and all very boring to put it simply.   The TV is OK, but the bed feels claustrophobic as you are touching 3 walls whilst in it.  Bathroom was very nice, almost as big as the room itself, which is saying something!  Breakfast is poor. As it was included, it was fine, but considering it is usually £20+ for the buffet, it is rubbish. The hash browns are frozen, with several staff admitting it. Pastries aren't fresh, and are bought in. Juice comes from a bottle, not 'freshly squeezed' as claimed.  Before anyone doubts this, be polite to the staff and simply ask what's fresh. You'll be surprised with…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
3833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive wifi,The hotel charges £14.99 for wifi. Wow.  Our room was expensive as it was on the 7th floor in the eves of the roof. Very hot and small to the point of being claustrophobic with only a very small porthole window.  Bathroom was very dated with a substandard shower.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in great location,"I stayed here for one night with my husband, mother and 1 year old. Wish we could have stayed longer. Hotel staff were incredibly helpful, and even provided a small cake and gift for my daughters birthday. The executive suites were good size for traveling with a little one, and the executive lounge was comfortable and convenient.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,thought the experience could have been more.,thought the name waldorf meant luxury and class.now its owned by the hilton its not that anymore.perfect position though for shows thames and covent garden etc.nicer hotels elsewhere in london for sure.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Walking paradise,"We stayed for 4 nights in an upgraded executive room. The suite was fantastic. It did face out to the front road and we thought the road noise would be excessive but in fact when we closed the curtains and the blind in the bathroom we did not hear a thing outside. The executive lounge was excellant and was our morning breakfast and before dinner sparkling wine starter. A step out the door takes you to the off/on bus tours, Several Theatres, a couple mins walk and you are in covent gardens a little further up (20 mins) you're in Picalli and all its craziness. We walked and walked till we couldn't feel our feet anymore :) Great location for sure.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay in the heart of London,"Stayed here for five nights this past week.  My family and i were there on a combination of work and pleasure. The location is perfect for tourists and business travelers.  Its a 5 minute walk to the Waterloo bridge and many major tourist sites. it sits among many of the major theaters, and Covent Garden. There are plenty of Tesco and Sainsbury markets to stock up on provisions as well. The staff at the hotel are wonderful.    We booked a room on the Executive level and took full advantage of the breakfast and drinks available in the Executive lounge.   Our room was large enough, at the end of a hallway.  But the shower stall was just impossible to get in and out of as it jammed up against the bathroom door. We also had a drainage issue with our shower and it overflowed into the…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing start to a honeymoon,"I booked a night at the Waldorf for my son for his honeymoon, newly wed they were spending part of their honeymoon in London. I booked through another company - so wishing everything to go smoothly I rang the hotel direct to ensure that everything with the booking was in order. Having done battle with the central reservations office I was transferred to the hotel - I spoke with a gentleman who confirmed the booking was in place I reiterated that as it was their honeymoon they would prefer a double bed - I was assured this was the case, the gentleman added we will do something special for them. That was the case the room allocated was a TWIN !!!!!  When they checked in they had to go through the whole process of getting a double and were met with Hilton complete indifference. I…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the most beautiful hotels I have stayed in,"This is just a gorgeous hotel.  Great location in Covent Garden.  5 minute walk to Tube stations. Many restaurants, shops,and theaters nearby.  The hotel staff was very friendly especially the doormen.  There is wifi, I am not sure if there  is a charge, because we get it free from the Hilton Honors reward membership.  There is a restaurant where we had breakfast every morning.  The room was larger than I had expected.  The bathroom was fabulous, really big.  Separate tub and shower areas, double bathroom sink.  The housekeeping was ok.  One day they only cleaned part of the room,  I figured they must have gotten interrupted and forgot to come back.  When we called they brought up more towels right away and took the trash that was left behind.  We would definitely stay here…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London,We're at London Hilton with our child. The hotel is excelent. The concierge was very pleasent and the breakfast was very good. The rooms are very confortable and big. The reception was very good and the check in and the check out was very fast.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, clean rooms, professional staff","I was very impressed with the polite attitude and responsiveness of staff. My queen room was fresh and spacious, with huge soft pillows! It certainly lived up to the Hilton brand, although the room could have had a little more character. Ultimately though, it delivered everything I needed for a comfortable and efficient business stay.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't Be Attracted to the name Waldorf in London.,"The arrival experience at this well-known London hotel was very smooth and efficient, due to the professionalism of its doorman and associates, however that was the last satisfying experience from the Hotel. With Diamond Status HHonors card in hand I assumed we would receive the usual upgrade, but no...""We are fully booked"", (this statement would be proven to be incorrect later). The room looked pleasant enough, and was exactly as pictured on the website, however what could not be experienced on the website was the uncomfortably hard bed, even though there was an array of soft to firm pillows, the uncomfortable mattress meant an uncomfortable three night's sleep. The emergency evacuation sign fell from the door in the middle night to wake us, and there was a set of bathroom…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London @ Christmas,"Centrally located next to Covent Garden this truly beautiful hotel was a stunning place to stay for my husband and i for our wedding anniversary weekend combined with Christmas shopping (the week before Christmas) Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite ( my husband is a Hilton Honours member) which was truly classic,clean and perfect. It was also a lovely surprise to find a bottle of wine and a cake waiting for us in our room. So kind of the hotel to make our stay even more memorable. Our upgrade also entitled us to use the private dining room which was wonderful for breakfast as there are only a handful of tables in this lounge. You are only yards away from the Theatres if you like going to shows as well as a short stroll up to Covent Garden which was so pretty with all the…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
3844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family time,"My daughter and I stayed one night.    Was a lovely room, quite a small bathroom and personally for me the pillows were a bit too soft.    We treated ourselves to afternoon tea which was fantastic - although for the pair of us tea for 1 would have been ample!  Staff were very helpful and the hotel was ideal for our night time trip to the Lyceum.   ",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, tired pool","The hotel was very nice, with friendly helpful staff. We were given a complimentary late check out. The room was nice and comfortable and everything you need. However the pool is very dismal and dingy, and the steam room out of action. One of the main reasons for choosing the hotel was the pool and it was a let down. If you are wanting a pool as an integral part of your stay then choose a different hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Looks good, but poorly run!","On arrival I was quite impressed by this hotel, the concierge, doorman and check in staff were all excellent and friendly. The hotel on the face of it looks good and ticks all the boxes and the location could not be better. Then you experience the service, the toilets were dirty on arrival and straight after cleaning they had missed half the room. Tea and Coffee were there but very sparse, not enough towels which is manageable but I was shocked to find out the turn down service ""was available only on request"". So we had no fresh towels in the morning. We asked for some technical help and got a grumpy reply and an angry looking manager turned up. The noise in the hall was incredible, you can hear everyone talking and every door shutting wakes you up. This hotel could be great but…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Curate's Egg?,"Stayed here at a day's notice, and managed to obtain a very competitive price through lastminute.com and their 'unnamed hotel' offer - tho' you can usually work out which hotel it is with a  little investigation.  Good points:  - Hotel Reception and Concierge staff - very competent, friendly and efficient.  However, I note that the precautionary authorisation taken from my credit card has not been reversed three days after I checked out, although, of course, the charged amount has been put through... - Location - Very convenient for WC addresses in London, Covent Garden, Theatreland, and WC and EC business addresses. - Good night's sleep - I had a small (but perfectly adequate) room on the seventh floor, looking North West.  Very quiet room with good air conditioning (a quiet…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"I stayed at the hotel with my father and brother for a weekend visit to London.   The hotel staff were great, from the moment we arrived. the room wasn't ready until 3pm, which was a bit of a pain as most hotels usaly are ready to use at 2pm. However as the hotel is in a great location (covent garden) we popped out for a late linch and by the time we came back all our bags had been placed in the room.   For the whole of the stay the taff could not have been more helpful.   The hotel is designed to a very High standard, with good quality fittings and decoration. It almost looked newly decorated. The beds were big and they used nice linen. The hotel had good windows so the noise was minimal, and also this is an old hotel, the walls were thick so we never herd any noise from the…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff,The Concierge and Valet at the Wardolf are the type of staff that the hotel should be proud of. Really old fashioned type service that you would expect from a 5 star hotel. They made our trip extremely enjoyable with their suggestions and all round helpfulness.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An Experience to savour?,"Staying at the Waldorf is certainly an experience to savour if you haven't stayed there before, particularly taking afternoon tea. However my wife an I have stayed at this hotel once a year for the last 7 years and now feel this hotel is falling behind the competition with many other better options available in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good stay but very disappointed in room and the decrease in diamond breakfast benefits,"This hotel is in a great location.   I stayed here last week for five nights using points and received a decent redemption even with the deval.   Great staff  They gave me an early checkin which is always appreciated in Europe.   Very disappointed in the room though and the decrease in breakfast benefits for diamonds.  The room I had couldn't have been any further away from the lifts (321) and had no view at all, I could only see the other side of other buildings.   The towel warmer in the bathroom didn't work and you had a few stairs to deal with in order to get to your room or the lift.  Was also disappointed that they eliminated the full breakfast benefit in the restaurant for Hilton diamonds.  The lounge breakfast was ok and had some hot items, but would prefer the…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Not the best but good value",The hotel was clean and the staff were very good. my room was very pleasant although a couple of the halogen lamps in the ceiling were out. I thought it was excellent value for money though. A good 20 minute walk from the hotel to Oxford street but the exercise probably did me good. In the heart of theater land and great if you want to catch a show. The bar was O.K but like many hotels like this lack any sort of atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again though.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, spacious rooms","Lovely spacious twin room with good views towards The Shard, Oxo Tower and Bankside (from 7th floor). Soundproofing good, as the street noise was high when windows opened. Good choices for breakfast, in a beautiful dining room. Relatively good value for such a well-located hotel, as we booked during the Hilton summer sale. There were some minor quibbles - the shower head was fixed, rather uncomfortably,  immediately above the bath taps,and we had to ask for extra tea and toiletries, as less than generous amounts were originally allocated.  Overall, thogh, a good experience, very handy for our nearby theatre visit.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but could be better....,"Stayed for 2 nights over the weekend with my daughter and friend.  Had a lovely time and as stated in other reviews the hotel is in an excellent location for the theatres, Covent Garden/Leicester Square/The Strand.  The hotel is part way through refurbishing the rooms and bathrooms, I presume we stayed in a refurbished room as I booked an Executive plus. Our outlook was over the internal part of the hotel, so no view whatsoever.  My main gripe with the room was it was a small camp bed for the 3rd adult not a sofa bed, I did complain at reception and they added a topper to the 2inch deep mattress, I tried to upgrade but was told the hotel was full.  I booked the room for 3 adults, so you would assume there would be amenities for 3 adults, there wasn't. I had to ring housekeeping…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"My husband and I booked a room for Saturday night via lastminute.com and the Waldorf was a Top Secret hotel.  When I realised this I was delighted as I've been there for afternoon tea and drinks and have always been impressed.  The location of the hotel could not be faulted and it was perfect in this respect for our visit. The door staff were very friendly and helpful. However we were shown to Room 608 initially which was very small, indeed the bed was up against the wall so you'd both have to get out of the same side. There was also a chandelier hanging very low about the bed, which would most certainly have been knocked by anyone over 6 ft.    We asked to be moved and the reception staff were very helpful, they acknowledged this wasn't an ideal room for two people and we left…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice but I am not sure it is quite worth the price,Staff is very friendly.  If you have never been to London and have the money this is a perfect place for you as it is close to everything and the staff will help you out whatever you may need.  I am not quite sure it is worth it for me personally but this type of full service hotel has its place.  Don't forget you HHonors points.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rooms and bathrooms are lovely,"We liked this neighborhood very much, the hotel is beautiful inside and out. However it annoys me that wifi isn't free at a hotel that is this expensive even if you are a hilton honors member. I don't like being nickle and dimed when I'm paying this much. The bathrooms are nice and the beds were comfy, and there are many good restaurants in the neighborhood and shopping is not to far.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel in a central location,"We enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf. Although it is an older property, upgrades have kept it current and comfortable. We enjoyed the central location as it ws within easy walking distance to places of interest. Also the tour busses had a stop just outside the door making it easy to use the Hop on Hop off routes. We also enjoyed the excellent fitness centre which had good, largely current equipment and was well maintained.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel in the theatre district,"We had a very pleasant experience at the London Waldorf. The location is excellent if you are coming to London for theatre, and the staff is very helpful. The executive lounge was family-friendly and the food was good. I recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best yet,"My wife and I have stayed here several times, and this recent one was the best.  The room was an Exec Plus in a quiet area on the Exec floor.  I think, from reading some of the reviews and my own experience, that location within the hotel is a key factor for a good night's sleep.  The main recommendation I can make is to definitely choose Exec access to the Executive lounge.  This comes with an 'Exec room', or you can pay extra for access.  It really is worth it.  We took breakfast there (or in the main dining), came back between 15:00-17:00 for 'afternoon tea', and enjoyed 'canapes and drinks after 18:30.  For us, we didn't need anything else all day - you can definitely get all your daily nutritional requirements in the Exec lounge!  The hotel is a great base for visiting…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect,"After reading other reviews, I must agree housekeeping is a persistent weak link.   After 5 hours of being gone all day,  returned to an untouched room at 430pm.   Had to make several phone calls.   Aside from that we enjoyed everything else.   A very nice renovated room.   Loved the double sink in the bathroom.  View of brick walls but it was very quiet.  It seems the beautiful front facing rooms you would be subject to street noise.   Very nice executive lounge, but be forewarned that summer brings many families with children.    The gym is operated by LA fitness so it is very busy generally but fully equipped.   Good Godfeys is a fabulous place to unwind.  Excellent addition to this hotel.   Overall we loved this hotel, location,staff, most aspects very good.   We will be…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed from the Hilton,"I booked this Hotel for my 50th Birthday. I communicated clearly with the Hotel that I need 2 rooms, one for my elderly parents (who needed a room with a ""disabled bathroom"") and one for me next to them or nearby so I could look after them.  When we checked in my parents room was fine - but my room was some distance away and was very noisy and dark (air conditioning units outside). I complained, and had to move rooms the next day - huge inconvenience and made my weekend (which should have been fun) more stressful. I also complained about the cleanliness of the corridor outside my room - nothing was done about this. Do not accept room 109!!  We had access to the Executive Lounge which was great, although it did get very busy in the evenings and my parents had difficulty in…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,Stayed here for two nights with my wife. The hotel is not living up to its name. As many writes it needs a thorough upgrade. Furnitures are old and dirty though hotel staff are friendly. Breakfast also not very interesting. ,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
3864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfection!,"I stayed here with an ex partner in May 2012 (late review, sorry!). We were upgraded to an executive room, which was MASSIVE!  The bed was amazing and comfortable, the staff were lovely, professional and helpful.   The hotel itself is a little worn, but it suits it. Classic and oldschool. I loved the bell boys with their top hats!   The only downfall for the room we had was that it was a bit old and worn, and the shower wasn't the best. But it is a Hilton, so the room was great none the less.   The executive lounge is great! Quite big, and the selection of food and drinks is great!  It's not really near the city centre - but it doesn't take that long to walk their either!  I highly recommend if you have the money to splurge!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Theatre break,We booked a theatre break staying at the famous  5 star Waldorf. Our large King room was at the front with a good view.The Waldorf is in a great London location with 2 theatres attached and Covert Garden around the corner. Our show War Horse was just behind the hotel. We had a pre theatre dinner which was good value with great service. The bar had a great atmosphere after the theatre but the drinks are expensive like the room rates,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
3866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, choose your room carefully","Classic hotel in a excellent location around the corner from the Strand, Fleet Street and Covent Garden. Room category and choice is everything at this hotel. Regular categories (Queen Bed Rooms) are often small, pokey and uninviting. You really need to be booking a 'Deluxe Plus' or 'Executive Plus' category to get a room style that you'd expect from a hotel of this nature. If you are booking a standard room you are better off in other hotels.    I often feel sorry for the people who book the hotel for a special ocassion, book a standard room expecting luxury and end up with a small room they'd have paid half the price for up the road.   However, if you book a Deluxe Plus, Exec Plus or above you will get a nice room in keeping with the standard of hotel you'd expect.   All rooms…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely wonderful,Everything was perfect from start to finish. The room was spacious and the toiletries were lovely. The staff were excellent and could not do enough for us-  and the  location perfect for us as we went to London for a show and the hotel is situated in 'Theatre land',Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best of the Best !!!,"After 180 reviews, including 60 for hotels in 60 different cities, we think that this is one of the best, if not the best of all. Elisa Bressanello and her team provided a really professional and at the same time friendly service which we couldn't fault - add to this the great facilities, location and food it made for an ideal place for our last few days in the UK and we'll certainly be returning. On the last day we were able to get a one day rental car from the hotel, delivered to the door, which we were then able to return to Heathrow airport at no extra cost. Nothing was too much for them or organize, including having a car deliver our passports to the airport when we forgot them at the hotel, and all in time for us to catch our flight out. We did have a superior/deluxe room…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"It's had its day - tired, mediocre but in a great location","We stayed here purely out of nostalgia as a friend and I spent NYE here 20 years ago.  The location is great and it can be a bargain if you get a deal and don't pay rack rate - I think we paid £244 per room which is good for a Saturday in Covent Garden.  But: they charge for wifi; they got the bill wrong by charging me for both rooms (despite our having 2 separate bookings and my friend handing over her card)  and although she later paid me, that's not the point.   It's a shame, it's in such a great location but this hotel is generally a bit tired looking and in need of some pizazz. It could be fabulous, if only someone would restore it to its former glory.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"My wife and I stayed for the weekend of our first wedding anniversary, after I remembered a business meeting here in 1986.  It is very well located in Aldwych, just off the Strand and only a stroll to Waterloo Bridge.  London is an expensive place to visit and our bill at the Waldorf, from Friday at 3.30pm to Monday at 11am, bed and breakfast was £710, so not cheap for a weekend.  The hotel is well kept but we had a room overlooking a central courtyard that you'd hardly describe as picturesque.  The room was small with a queensize bed with a very nice ensuite bathroom, safe, tea and coffee making facilities and air conditioning.  We paid for breakfast in the Grand Salon and it was very good indeed with attentive service and everything you could really wish for.  So all in all a…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Excellent hotel in an excellent location. Friendly staff on check in and nice, clean, airy room. Only downside was listening to the house keeping staff arguing outside our door early on a Sunday morning. ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
3872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We've stayed several times at this hotel - the first time was in a standard room (which was disappointing) and twice in a superior/deluxe room (fantastic). The standard room was very expensive for what was an extremely small basic room with no view and when my husband mentioned this on a room feedback card we were contacted by management and offered a special rate for one of the superior rooms with complimentary access to the executive lounge.  This was a fantastic room, very spacious, huge bathroom and with an outlook to the front. We liked it so much we returned for a third time.  It's also great having access to the executive lounge with drinks and nibbles before going out to a show.  We love this hotel and will definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor standard,"Great location but very disappointed with standard of accommodation, very tired and room required refurbishing also not very clean with a lot of dust in places bed valance stained and quilt had hole in it. Breakfast fine although staff not that attentive, It's really a 3 star Hotel with 5 star prices in the bar,",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The best experience in London,"My husband and I have stayed in this hotel many times, and look forward to being there again in August.  We're always impressed by the efficient, friendly staff; they maximize an already magnificent experience. Our rooms have always been immaculate and comfortable. The executive lounge is a welcome refuge from the bustle of the city. Perhaps best of all is its location - right in the middle of the theatre district - with easy, walkable access to London's history, museums, restaurants, and monuments.  What makes the hotel unique is not one thing - it's the combination of everything.  We wouldn't consider going elsewhere. For us, this hotel IS London.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel but staff let it down,"The Waldorf Hilton is a beautiful, well maintained hotel in a great location in London - just a short walk to many sites.  I paid a little extra for an executive room - we got a quiet room as requested which I appreciated - it was spacious and felt luxurious. The executive package entitled us to the executive lounge which should have been renamed the creche. When looking (and paying) for a nice romantic weekend away I don't expect to have children running around, screaming and crying when trying to have breakfast, however the staff didn't seem phased. The other disappointment was when we rang for food at 10:45pm and were refused food, as the kitchen had closed even though the menu and front of house staff said you could order anytime up to 11pm. Again, the man on the other end…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A new favorite Hilton,"Unbeatable location next to the Novello theatre..now playing Mama Mia.   This hotel is bright fresh and feels new, even though the actual outer building is old.   The executive lounge is excellent, serving a nice breakfast and evening reception",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
3877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Better than NYC Waldorf,"Stayed here using Hilton Honors points and was fully expecting the worse room there (as happened in the Waldorf Astoria in NYC) but very impressed with the room and service. It was our anniversary and a bottle of wine was sent up to the room with congratulations. The hotel is near Covent Garden, Leicester square and not far from the West End so convenient location although not that close to a tube station.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, friendly hotel","Absolutely delighted with everything during my overnight stay at this hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful from the minute I stepped  thought the door. The rooms were clean and the chamber maid was confident, helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","This was our second stay at the Waldorf and I cannot find any faults. Its a special historic hotel in a great location in London. Walking distance from the river Thames, theatre land, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square and so on. Basically, its a great location for anyone visiting the capital.   I don't understand people who give this hotel a low rating, moaning about every little thing. I'm sure they live in pristine perfect mansions but come on!! Maybe they should just stay at home!!  Anyway, back to the hotel. I must say that the staff were brilliant. Every time we needed anything, they were more than happy to help. We were initially given a twin room, but asked if we can change and it was done. We asked for a late check-out and it was done. Little things like that go a long…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton,"One of my favorite two Hilton's (the other is Antwerp).  Everything about it is top notch.  Rooms are well appointed and fresh; bathroom is huge; and the breakfast in the morning is first rate.  The best thing about this hotel is the location.  You can't beat it for theatre, shopping, eating, museums - basically everything.  It's about a 45 minute tube ride from Heathrow and a short walk from the Covent Garden stop.  This is the hotel I'll always try to stay in when I'm in London.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor,"I took my partner to London as it was out last weekend before I deployed on tour. We got put in a room which had dirty towels in on arrive which was sorted when I ask for them to be removed for fresh ones, however that was not the last of our worrys during the night the window started banging which caused us not to sleep when we reported it we got 50£ off our room but nothing else's was done. I left feeling very disappointed after the Waldorf in New York was amazing so this really let me down! I have written this as soon as I could as just returned home. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, great staff, hard to beat.","Hard to beat this hotel for a central London stay. I have had four or five stays in the past year and each time have been impressed. The rooms vary a great deal because this an older style property but the staff take care to try to meet preferences.  Variations in style mean that you can be lucky and get a very large room, the King Suite is a real treat. The Executive Lounge is small but very well run.  I travel a lot and sound-proofing and a comfortable bed are key, both guaranteed here, the double glazing is v effective. The staff are charming. A very we'll run hotel. I am a Diamond Hilton member, and this is a particularly well run property, and compares favourably to the New York and Rome Waldorf properties. Have used this hotel for business and vacation, it is equally well…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Do not expect too high.,"The hotel itself is antique, and nice although the rooms are small and not very fancy. It was actually my second time to stay here. The first time was okay, but this time, especially the last day was awful. There was an event held at the hotel and the music was REALLY loud. We complained but they kept saying that there is nothing they can do about it except for the discount for the night (do not know how much yet as I am typing this while the party is still on). The party is supposed to go on until 1am but what kind of 5 star, hilton hotel allow this night-club-like party to be held when the travelers are trying to have some rest? I am very disappointed at what they think is okay to do. They shouldn't have accepted this party to be taken place at first place. I probably expected…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
3884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"I recently stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for two nights in early June for business. The hotel is in a great location near the Thames, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden and Leicester Square. My room was nice, and I was thankful to have air conditioning since it was rather warm outside. My room was rather small, but it wasn't a problem for this trip since I was by myself. I also appreciated the breakfast buffet that was included with my room charge. There was a wide selection of cold and warm foods as well as drinks.  The only negative thing I can say about my stay was the slow to non-existent service during breakfast. The first morning, I wasn't asked or able to get coffee until I was half-way through my breakfast. The second morning, I was in a rush and wasn't offered coffee until…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,small but nice quiet room and helpful staff,"the room was a standard room; it was small but had a nice bathroom and good guest toiletries. the hotel/room was spotless and had lots of pillows to choose from and a large flat screen tv. i found the staff friendly and very helpful.  breakfast was what you might expect of a modern hotel but not 5*. the hotel is in a great position on the strand, minutes from the national gallery, trafalgar sq, westminster and china town and shopping. take a walk along the embankment to the tower. food was cheap away from the main areas .",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay - friendly staff,Stayed here for 1 night to celebrate our anniversary. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. They were friendly & welcoming.  Breakfast was also great - plenty of choice. Room was spacious and also very quiet. We didn't go to the pool but definitely will next time.  The hotel is ideally located for the shows & Covent Garden,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.,"Great location and wonderful service, however, I was extremely disappointed by our room.  We were on the 6th floor and the room was extremely 'tired'.  The bathroom was in need of modernising, the furnishings in the room were old.    The room did not smell fresh, it contained only one chair - not ideal when two guests are staying, and attention to detail was sadly lacking.    The lampshades were crooked, the toilet was leaking into the bowl, there were water stains left on the stainless steel bathroom fixtures.    I had expected more for my money.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
3888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,NICE HOTEL,"Nice hotel, great location and breakfast, also very nice service.  The only thing a bit uncomfortable was the A/C in the room that is in front to the bed, then the following day I woke up with sore throat and cold. It was very hot day ( Saturday the 21st of June) then I didn't have any option rather have the A/C on.  Also the waiting time in the breakfast room on Sunday the 22nd of June, a bit longer, even when they had some tables available. The receptionist in the breakfast room, a bit slow!!  But in general, very nice hotel!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, excellent property (as always)","I stay in about 30+ Hilton properties every year; this hotel ranks in the top five Hilton properties we have ever stayed at.  The location cannot be beaten.  If it a five minute walk to Covent Garden, maybe eight to Trafalgar Square, and a ten minute walk to the south bank over Waterloo Bridge.  We usually visit London about once a year, sometimes more, and have been staying here exclusively for the last five years. The Executive Lounge is excellent.  The staff are all very courteous.  The rooms are very quiet.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a great stay and well looked after.,"The check in was flawless and took a short time to have our room allocated, the room was spotless and large with everything you could wish for. beds were very comfortable and a great sleep after an exhausting day walking around London. Breakfast the next morning was excellent and afternoon tea was very good. Would certainly recommend to all,staff made our stay very good and really looked after us.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location/ awful hotel,Booked this hotel because of the Hilton Brand to treat myself. Booked a suite also..  The room had no air conditioning for more than half my stay.  The front desk did not answer the phone when i called many times.  So disappointed.,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
3892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Good location. Quiet rooms. Well decorated. The rooms were small but that is in keeping with London hotels generally. I am sure you could pay for a larger sized room, we chose not to as it was a short trip. The staff ( all that we met ) were very helpful and attentive. The breakfast was full English and you could order omelettes / eggs to order if you preferred. We like our coffee strong , they were able to make strong fresh coffee ( we drink Americanos) which were exceptionally good. We did not have to wait for breakfast, but we saw a bit of a line which would have been frustrating if you had to wait. Overall a very enjoyable stay and I would strongly recommend it to others and would stay again .",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Much better than expected,"I stayed here for two nights while in London on business. My room was large and comfortable and, above all, quiet. There was no traffic noise at all. The price was extremely reasonable (at about £250 per night) given the hotel's location and my room's size. The staff were friendly and efficient. The other guests seemed OK, thankfully no trendies.  Best of all, the hotel did not suffer the usual dreadful Hilton effect. I can't stand Hilton hotels. They are usually rubbish. But this one wasn't. I expect that henceforth I will always stay here when in London.  One down side: there was only a single plug socket in the room. I didn't realise electricity was so expensive. They must save about 50p a year by depriving their guests of its use. So maybe there was a bit of Hilton in there…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs a shake up.... living on location not service or style,"Hi everyone again,  I am a big fan of the Hilton Hotels, you get what it says on the tin on most occasions. The Waldorf is located on the edge of Covent Garden and Theatre Land. You can walk to great bars and restaurants - you don't need to to walk far.   Some realities of the Hotel - its expensive and over rated. The London attitude of take it or leave it is almost showing through the veneer. At £400+ for the room with breakfast, you could hardly say it was a cheap Hotel. I am not going to moan about waiting for the room for an hour, it was not ready, the room having an extra bed in it that we did not need or ask for, the bottle of champagne I ordered in the room on arrival - it was our wedding anniversary, that never came or just some of the attitudes of staff, that needed a…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf,"I was contacted by a gentleman called ”Harley” from your homage department, he convinced me I should visit your hotel “Waldorf”. and join the homage club. This was one of the best decisions I made.  My daughter’s wedding was coming up on the 14th June. I booked 6 rooms for two nights with Harley it was very easy and professional.  Upon arrival we were treated exceptionally well.   From the moment the doorman took our car and parked it somewhere. The receptionists welcomed us as if we were regular customers.  To the room which was very clean and spacious. (the “view” left a bit to be desired)  but this did not spoil the experience. The restaurant, the food, the staff, the club room, the bar, the gym and the swimming pool were enjoyed by all of the party.  Afternoon tea was a big…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Experience,"Whenever I stay here, it reminds me why I continue to use the Hilton Brand. The service, staff and general experience is of the highest standard. If there is a fault, it is due to the staff being too efficient!!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Waldorf Hilton. Excellent location for Theatres, Covent Garden and many of the other interesting places to see. Extremely pleased with the room we were allocated and the efficiency and friendiness of the staff. Madu the reception supervisor was extremely helpful, as we arrived early at the hotel and our room was not ready. She introduced us to the Executive Lounge, and kept us informed of developments.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good overall!,"Nice hotel, great location. Price slightly high for what it has to offer- nothing to complain about but don't expect to be wowed! On the night we had a meal in the restaurant and found one of chef's hairs in a meal - pointed this out to the waiter - got a free glass of wine - not good enough. Wouldn't go back to the restaurant - yes for hotel but only if there was a good deal to be had- I think London has better for less.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GB Tours,"My friends and I spent a great weekend at this lovely hotel, which is in a brilliant location and most of the places we wished to go to were,within walking distance The accommodation, breakfast and the afternoon tea was very good. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. So thank you to the coach company, GB tours for organizing this excellent trip.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, but pretty big standard Hilton experience","I like the location of this hotel - good for west end, city, and bits in between.  I like the rooms - a/c good on a warm night, quiet, good size, etc. bathrooms particularly nice.  Only breakfasted in the exec lounge - basic, but good & hot.  Will stay again.  PS it is slightly overpriced for what it is.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service!,Stayed here last week and the service was terrific. We arrived in London on the red-eye from the US and had requested an early check in - and our room was available when we arrived at the hotel at 10:00 am! It was great to get a couple hours sleep before our day and evening in London. And they really went out of their way when I left a sport coat in the closet and they mailed it back to our US home. Great location in the theater district and about 4 blocks from Charing Cross station where we caught our train the next day. Thanks to the whole staff for making our short stay so enjoyable.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"My 3 friends and I had a Sunday night short break in London with afternoon tea at the Waldorf.  We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  The rooms were large, clean with very comfortable beds.  We had everything in our room we needed.  My only complaint would be that the room was hot and in fact the whole hotel seemed rather warm.  We had a terrific breakfast and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.  We also stayed for afternoon tea which was delicious.  Sunday night is not a good night to stay in London if you wish to see a show - not many of the shows do a Sunday night performance .  The Waldorf is situated near Covent Garden and I would recommend a stay at this hotel - it was a very pleasant experience.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect service but hotel is a bit worn out,"Super service, very kind staff and breakfast was great. However the hotel is a bit worn out, paint is peeling in the swimmingpool area, floors are bomby on the 7th floor, and rooms are very small. But all in all it was a good stay, and my son 9years old loved the staff and breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"This is the third time that my wife and I stayed here and once again we were delighted with every aspect of our visit. The staff are incredibly efficient and helpful, the room we had (executive king) was terrific - very spacious and extremely comfortable. The executive lounge was worth the money, great space for relaxing plus the inclusive breakfasts, afternoon tea and drinks with canapes a very nice feature.  The hotel is situated right in the heart of theatreland and is surrounded by restaurants of all price brackets. The British Museum is less than 15 minutes walk, Covent Garden is only 5 minutes walk as are both the National Gallery/National Portrait Gallery. The number 9 bus (available around the corner) takes you to the Albert Hall in good time, plus on the return journey…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Too hot during the night,"Lovely hotel, nice deco, clean, friendly staff, good location, executive lounge was lovely as were the facilities.  We were in an executive room which was really small shuffling room only. The bathroom was lovely.  Only problem being it was far to hot during the night. Air conditioning was on flat out, engineer checked it was working got the all clear but still far to hot during the night unable to sleep.  Other than that overall a good hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not the best,This hotel is over-priced for what it offeres and takes an extra £50 deposit on arrival 7 not the usual impression of a credit card. This deposit takes around 5 days to be re-imbursed . We had a problem with faulty air -conditioning on a very hot day .A small attempt was made to correct it but this did not work 7 we had an uncomfortable night.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
3907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,comfort and convenience,"very old style elegance and comfort. rooms clean and cosy, bathroom lovely. Service excellent staff very helpful and friendly. Loved the breakfast the spread was amazing and the food full of flavour. The dining room was an absolute wonder .. especially when the doors were open to reveal the full expanse. close proximity to Covent Garden and the theatre district and the underground only a 5 or so minute walk. loved it",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best location 2 minutes from Covent Garden,"I stayed one night in mid-May.  After an overnight flight from the US, it was a relief that the room was ready when we arrived (this is rare for this hotel!"").  I was traveling with my niece and we booked a twin room.  The room 753 was a fair size, but was not one of the rooms recently remodeled.  The room overlooked the front of the hotel and was comfortable.  It had a portable air conditioner, which worked well once we figured out how to operate it.  Since we were only staying one night, it was sufficient, but I expected better for the rate (£361).  Full hot buffet breakfast was included and the food selections were plentiful.  The Peter Thomas Roth toiletries in the bathroom are excellent quality.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Weekend Treat,"Despite living in London, I stayed here with my wife as part of a nice weekend in Central London. The grand design of this hotel is stunning and its location is great. The rooms are a little small, however all the facilities are as expected in a Premium hotel such as this one.  ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Should have been better,"Stayed here for the purposes of work and the room was lovely. It was an upgraded room with a seating area and two bathrooms with dressing area in the middle. The bed was big and comfy. The temperature was good and easy to control. However, the room was slightly tired.   It was really nice looking round the room and thinking oh yes this is nice but then on closer inspection realising the place could have done with refurbishment, the bathroom looked grubby and it was just down to age.   When looking round the room and out the lovely big windows I was disappointed to look up and see cobwebs! Sitting down and taking breath you glance around and notice things aren't quite as good as they should be.   It's a shame because when you are paying a large sum for the room you expect a…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"We stay here regularly despite the fact that there are hundreds of central London hotels to choose from. Why:  1.Not all hotels have an executive lounge and for me with children, it's great to get out of the bedroom and relax somewhere safe and not overly crowded with people at the end of the day. Drinks, breakfast and snacks included throughout the day. Other hotels like the Corinthia do not have exec facilities. Also magazines, newspapers and pcs to access e-mail etc are available in the lounge.  2. Excellent gym facilities  3.Rooms recently refurbished, denoted by ""plus"" on the description when booking. Gorgeous decor and luxurious bathrooms.  4. Staff very friendly and do get to know you!!!  5.Great location near the Strand, theatres  and Covent Garden.  I have nothing to…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dirty Room,"My family surprised me with dinner a show and a five star hotel! (Dinner and the show went extremely well).  This hotel does not deserve even a 1 star grading - the room was filthy and when I complained and asked for the room to be cleaned I was told to pay more money and  upgrade.  I explained I didn't want to upgrade, I just wanted someone to come and clean my room and as I only had 15 minutes to get ready and leave for dinner so chose not to spoil the whole evening by arguing with reception.  Needless to say, when we arrived back after our evening out the room had not been cleaned - this is really appalling customer service.  lovely staff at breakfast turned an awful stay into an ok one.  It may have only been a quick overnight stay but my advice is never stay at this hotel…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great way to Burn Free Hilton Weekend nights,It is London and it does have a club and it is is free with certs and points but it is not the Hyatt Vendome in Paris that is for sure!  Management at this property have made the decision that they will not pay to staff this hotel at an appropriate level so the phone will ring at various areas of the hotel and no one will answer.  The pictures of the pool are a true bait and switch as this pool is moderately skankee.........But the rooms are nice for London standards and the staff that is actually there are extremely nice and competent.......it is the ownership that is the problem here and I don't think that issue will soon be fixed................,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic staff,Booked on booking.com - good deal - bed room was the old style.  We were offered upgrade but chose not to take it - newly refurbished would probably have been nicer but we were nt going to use it enough.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea - dont go,Went for afternoon tea today with 2 friends. I had booked so was really embarrassed by the very disappointing tea. Firstly I was led to believe it would be in the lovely room where they hold their tea dances. This was not the case. Then of all the tables in the room we were put by the harp player. The music was lovely but all the time he played I couldn't talk to my friends. To the food. The sandwiches had so little filling that you could not taste what it was and the flavored bread over powered what filling there was. The scones well the chef should be ashamed for even sending them out. They were not like any I had seen before or hope to again. Large bullets spring to mind. On to the cakes usually you get one of each per person. Not in this case. There was a mishmash of various…,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
3916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A decent hotel for a few days stay,"My wife and I decided to stay at this hotel for a relaxing few days in London. We were met by a helpful concierge called Mark who helped us with our luggage into the hotel. The interior of the hotel was lovely, I wouldn't say up to the 5 star standard but nice. The room was adequate (after an upgrade to king executive) however the furniture in the lounge area is looking a bit tatty and grubby after numerous dirty hands have been touching it ( maybe a steam clean is in order?) it was our 12 anniversary so the welcome cake was very appreciative  The location of the hotel is excellent, all the main attractions are within walking distance. Three things that disappointed me was breakfast, the concept of paying for breakfast on the initial booking then having to find out that if we…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not A Waldorf Quality Hotel,From the start when you walk in ...... There is no wow factor. Unlike the Waldorf in NYC or the Roosevelt in New Orleans there is no Awe factor. Yes it is close to the theaters but that's about all. It's tired and is in need of a full top to bottom remodel.  As Hilton Gold members you would except the Waldorf Wow. But instead it's just ok.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Value,"The Waldorf is great for location. Bang in the middle of theatre land, next to Covent Garden and good if you want to go East (Fleet St, St Pauls) or West (the Strand, Trafalgar Sq) Excellent value for money. Yes other well known hotels have more sparkle but you are paying 2 or 3 times as much. Staff are excellent.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Waldorf Hilton,We booked through BA and got a deal on an Executive room which was well worth it. It was our Wedding Anniversary and the hotel arrange flowers and décor for our room. Thanks to Eline for arranging this. The location is excellent for Theatreland and Covent Garden. Room was spotless and spacious. Access to the Exec Lounge was a bonus. Only slight negative was breakfast which was quite crowded and the food was average.  Overall a great place to stay.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly located for theatre goers,"My husband and I spent 2 nights here (Saturday - Monday) in a King Hilton Executive (Plus)... as we paid the 10GBP per night upgrade from the normal Exec room. (The added benefit of the Exec rooms is the access to the Lounges & free WIFI during your stay)  We had arrived at around 11am to drop off our bags before exploring the Covent Garden area and were told to check in (just in case our room was ready - which it wasn't it)... but we were told that the room should be available in a few hours. We returned at 2.30pm hoping our room was ready, which it wasn't - but we were granted access to the Exec Lounge while we waited. Staff were friendly & the lovely staff member handling the lounge brought us our key just after 3pm.  The room was nice - essentially two rooms, a walk-in area…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the best,We are diamond members so thought would use points for 2 rooms one for us and one for the kids.  It used a lot of points so we expecting top notch.  When we checked in the reception said was good to use points as they weren't too busy.  They then gave my 2 kids a room on the 7th and us on the 4th and said that's all they had available.  I think as they only wanted to upgrade one room.  The kids room had a tiny queen bed and small window.  As one child is 16 we asked for a twin room they said could have a smoking room and they would put ozone machine in which they did.  They put a sign outside saying danger do not enter.  When we came back from the theatre the machine was still in the room.  We wheeled it out ourselves the room still smelt but worse the machine said room should…,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location right off the Strand,"Great location in central London located on the Strand.  I was in town for business and decided to stay here for the central location.  Room was nice, and the workout facility was an LA Fitness located at the bottom of the hotel.  Bar was great too.  I would recommend this hotel if you want to get around central London easily.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Almost Old School Style,"Understated décor, perfect location and good customer service. This Hilton has charm and elegance. Room was light, open and chic and in  a quiet calm location. We asked for a quiet room and we got it, plus great bathroom, fresh décor in a thirties style. Two things : very warn towels did not add to the luxe feel  and whilst  the breakfast setting was elegant  the food was very average in quality with limited options compared to European and American hotels at this price. Sadly letting down the value of the overall experience.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, doesn´t seem 5 star","This hotel has one great thing... Location.  I would not rate it 5 star.  Not even close.  Way to expensive for what it is! I was able to get a good deal on priceline ($200/night), and once I got there I was really happy I wasn´t paying the 350/night rate I had seen it for on expedia.  Room was very small, not very clean.  Carpet and windows specially.  The bathroom was full of dust, with a tub that has a glass panel covering only half of it´s length, so the floor ended up soaking wet every time we showered.  No energy outlet in the bathroom to use a hairdryer. The lobby area is small.    Wifi service is not included in room, and you only get 60 minutes free to use in some areas of the lobby.  They don´t have good coverage.    The worst part is their front desk-administration. …",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"beautiful hotel, friendly staff, great location !","This hotel is close to perfect.  It is expensive.  But its in London, so getting this level of comfort and service in this location is going to cost. the room was good, not large, but for a single traveller working, it was just fine.  It faced a courtyard, so no view, but it was quiet - no noise. Breakfast is good served in a splendid dinning room.  On the first day of my visit they had opened up  the dining room into the glass roofed atrium - truly magnificent.  Now a couple of niggles: first the design of the walk in shower - I love walk in showers as opposed to over bath versions, however when you have to literally stand under the shower to turn it on, thereby getting doused in cold water, it is not pleasant - ok not fixable in the short term, but very annoying. Second, when…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Great Location, but Not 5 Star","First, the location is excellent. It is within easy walking distance of Trafalgar Square, Picadilly, and Leiceister Square. Buckingham Palace is walkable, but probably 20 - 25 minute walk. If you are into theater, it is smack in the middle of the West End. Underground stops are a few blocks away, but no more than 10 minute walk, if that. However, buses stop right outside hotel.  Hotel recently completed renovation so most rooms have been refreshed within the last few months. While this is rated as a 5-Star hotel, it more like a standard Hilton.  There is no turndown service or some of the other niceties that you might receive at other 5 star hotels, but the rooms are attractive and modern. The daily maid service was good, but not outstanding and somewhat inconsistent.  Depending…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great cocktail bar, attentive service","Visited the cocktail bar after a 'do' elsewhere, and had a wonderful time with our friends.  The service was second to none, swift, attentive and unobtrusive.  Good atmosphere and good location.  It was late when we arrived, and extremely late when we left (two of our party were hotel guests), but we were made to feel most welcome.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cleaners Cupboard on 6th Floor!,"We recently booked to stay in this hotel for my fiancée's mum's 50th Birthday. Once we got to the hotel to check-in, we were greeted by a lavish and expensive looking reception hall. Hilton have obviously spent some money on the first impressions of this hotel!  After a seamless and stress free check-in, we went up to our room..... this is where it all started to look a bit shabby! Everything looked very dated and a bit tatty, a complete change from the reception below!  We arrived at the room and opened the door. I was half expecting to see a mop and bucket the room was that small! I believe we stayed in a Queen Hilton Guest Room. The room itself wasn't even big enough to swing a cat in! The double bed (not even full size) was pushed up against the wall, so there was only…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
3929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,As one would expect,"I struggle to critique the hilton brand's top marque in Waldorf I enjoyed smooth check in, a super room and excellent service. What you need to know - upgrade to exec level for lounge access 6pm onwards free drinks, spirits included and a lovely selection of canapés. Breakfast in here in morning. If you are used to IHG lounge offerings then think again (Manchester deansgate hilton offers similar) this is a true lounge. For the pleasure you will also get one of the most spacious rooms in London (for the money) and you can walk out to theatre land. The piano bar deserves a nod as does the bowler hatted chap on the door - true class  and if you're from the other side of the pond true Brit (in a romantically old fashioned way) ",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"I stayed here with my wife for a weekend (Friday to Sunday) as a bit of a ""wow"" weekend using Hhonois points. We arrived in London around 11am Sunday, and the rooms weren't ready (but that was expected) but they gave me a pass key for the executive lounge so at least we could have a place to sit and take a few minutes to plan our day.  We went back to the hotel a little before 3pm and the room still wasn't ready, so took a seat in the lounge again, and having poured myself a tea, I asked the guy on the desk if he'd mind letting me know when my room was ready. A quick tap on the keyboard and it seemed it was ready, and so he gave us the key.  The room itself (336) was bog standard Hilton. Nothing wow, nothing special, my wife was very dissapointed. It was however reasonably clean…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great stay!,"Just had a great time at the Waldorf with a visit to their Palm Court Tea-Dance and overnight  stay. The dancing was great, the tea excellent and breakfast was excellent. Really impressed by  caring, efficient and friendly staff. We  will be back!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
3932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a good Hilton,"Have just spent one night at this hotel, when you stay at ""The Waldorf"" you expect something out of the ordinary but this was not so. The package that I was on included afternoon tea, I was there with my sister and her husband, the sandwiches and scones were very nice however had to wait a little while for a pot of tea which only had one tea bag which made the tea quite weak. My room was on the sixth floor, the room was not large which is normal when you are on your own even when paying a  large single supplement, Upon checking the bathroom I found that one of the strip lights within the mirror was not working, also the toilet was running all the time. Reported to the reception but nothing was done about these two matters, these two incidents would be obvious to the housekeeping…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
3933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location in London!,"What a place! In the middle of a tree lined street with a theater on each corner right in the heart of Aldwych.  We loved this place.  Around the corner is Covent Gardens, down a block is Temple Tube station and around another corner and up a couple of blocks is Holborn Tube station.  Restaurants and pubs abound and the gorgeous Savoy is one street over.  Perfect location!  The rooms were very large and roomy as was the bath.  All spacious and immaculate.  The morning meal in the Executive Suite would rival any hotel's offering of the typical full English breakfast.  Great people, service, and............perfect location!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fabulous,"went on a 2day break with g.b. tours and stayed one night at the waldorf hilton in london, cannot rate it enough as it was fabulous. Breakfast was everything you could dream of including chelsea buns and cream if you wanted it! smoked salmon and the usual cooked items, cereals fresh fruit etc. Also had cream tea before we left which was again to die for! All in all a brilliant weekend and to top it all we went star gazing as it was BAFTA night which was a bonus to see so many celebrities.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Had higher expectations,"Stayed here on two separate occasions in October 2013. I was expecting much more when I booked the Waldorf. It seems 5 stars only goes so far in the UK and they don't hold a candle to 5 star hotels I've been to elsewhere especially in Asia. The first stay I had a standard room which was barely large enough to turn around in without tripping over your bags the room was basically the bed. I will hand it to them their bathrooms were quite nice since it was almost as big as the room which isn't saying much, probably could have scaled down the bathroom a bit to give a little more area to move around in the room. Learned my lesson and upgraded to a suite for the next stay which was a lot better. The standard room is still overpriced for what it is though. I understand the car park is…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
3936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"incredible location, great rooms, superb service, busy reception desk.","Incredibly convenient location for the theater district. The rooms are very tastefully decorated, and our inside facing room was incredibly quiet, no outside noise at all. Very comfortable with extremely attentive service. The check out process took a bit longer than it should as there were to few staff for the load, but they coped very well all considered. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
3937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS HOTEL!,"The location was outstanding!  It was near all the theaters.  The personnel  were amazing.  The breakfast was unbelievable.  The rooms were clean.  Overall, it was a perfect experience in London...I would advise staying here!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I EXPECTED VERY LITTLE AND GOT QUITE A LOT.,"The reviews had me thinking that we were in for a not so pleasant stay. Not so. We loved our stay at The Waldorf Hilton. The location is excellent, being close to everything. The energy in the theatre district is electrifying and exciting. Just step outside and be swept away by this fantastic city. Buses stop just out the front, as do taxis and the underground is close by. Restaurants are everywhere, as are quality delis, takeaways and supermarkets. The hotel staff were excellent. Now, do not go expecting that they speak perfect english but that was quite ok for us and very interesting as well. The ambience of this hotel is most charming and the breakfast room and ballroom are magnificent. Our bedroom was small in comparison to most other hotels in our experience however, we…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"The hotel was very nice.  The executive floor is a nice feature for frequent travelers.  My room was nice but faced the main street so there was some noise, but not enough to be bothersome.  I walked to the pool area, it is down in a basement and quite a good walk.  A main attraction is that I found the location to be perfect for my stay, right in the middle of everything.  Also, the hotel bar was very nice.  A good place to stay.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location but Hotel Okay,"I stayed here in February with my Partner as we came with a group of ten and had the executive deal.  The room was okay but we got put in a disabled room.  The reception desk did not explain all the benefits of our executive package, actually just gave us our keys.  It would of been nice to be informed of what was available.  In the evening the executive room was busy and difficult to get a table.  The next morning we had breakfast in here and I had to clear my own table and got moved twice as people took our table when we left a card on it and went to get food.  The food was cold and not much choice and kept having to ask for certain items.  One couple in our party had gone downstairs to the main breakfast area and said it was excellent service and lovely food.  Although, we…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
3941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,enjoyment impacted by niggles,"We have stayed at the Waldorf many times and always had an enjoyable time. This occasion was marred by issues which could have been avoided. As gold members and as we had a suite we were invited to check in at the executive lounge. The welcome was certainly not one expected at a Hilton. We waited outside the lounge for several minutes trying to get someones attention to let us enter. When we finally did so the person on the desk was unfriendly and not at all welcoming. After checking my details she told us to return in 2 hours ( 1.30pm) and when I said we might come back a little earlier just in case, she said we should return at 3pm. I queried the difference but she shrugged and told me the room was still occupied and that 3pm was the time. She also was at pains to tell me in…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea......very ordinary,"We had afternoon tea at the waldorf which was OK but not a particularly special experience. We were offered a bad table right next to the door,which we requested to change (why do restuarants always offer their worst tables first?) When seated we were left alone for quite a while before taken any notice of. Not very welcoming.However the sandwiches were very good and fresh as were the delicious warm scones & clotted cream. We were offered more sandwiches and tea.....which we eagerly accepted. As it was a special occasion we were given a small piece of gateau between us....which was tasty and a nice touch. The room was quite grand with a harp player although as a couple we were tucked away in a corner. We were on a half price voucher which made it good value but I would not be…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for conference,"The Waldorf London is a perfect place for conference. Good location, in central London. The staff are very professional and ready to help if you have any query.  I would definitely recommend it for meetings or conference",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice experience,"As this was a Waldorf, I guess I expected so much more.  My experience was that of any other stay at an average Hilton proporerty.  Nothing specatacular.  But fair enough service. Location was the best part of my stay as I was able to easily get to the many other locations I needed to visit while in London. Having access to the Executive Lounge would have enhanced my experience at this particular hotel - but that was not possible.  That was a bit disappointing.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,london,hi had a weekend at the waldorf hilton  the staff are  lovely they will talk you thew anything you need to no we had a meal in the fab  restaurant price was good for london the bar is great  .and you can walk to anywear from them .,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"I have lived for several months in Hilton hotels in London and for some weeks in Waldorf too. The location is excellent, the hotel is very nice, the architecture and design are amazing, but the people that are working there are not as i was expecting. For the level that Waldorf is, the services should be more than excellent in all the areas, reception, restaurant..etc and i didn't feel this",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We stayed here when my husband and I went to visit his family. The hotel is lovely, but a bit dated. The rooms are quite small and need some upgrades.  The staff are helpful and willing to help whenever they can.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
3948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay!!,"Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Staff were so pleasant, polite & helpful. We are diamond members so benefitted from the free pre-dinner drinks and also the free afternoon tea. Bar prices quite steep but then it is Central London. Brilliant location for walking to all major tourist spots. Room was great (upgraded) although toiletries were not completely replenished daily. Overall would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Spot to stay in London,The Waldorf Hilton is a great spot to stay in London Staff are very helpful Service is excellent and location is first class. A excellent part of London to stay in   Good bar but a bit on the expensive side however there are so many pubs an restaurants close by that it doesn't really matter Parking is a bit expensive if u have a car ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dull room,"Supposed to be an executive king plus room ( 405)  which was supposed to have been newly upgraded. The room, although, large for London standards was very tired. Mismatched furniture, TV stand was a 1930 oval blue cabinet. Glass table was mirror topped with all the mirrored silver pealing off. I did mention to the staff that it did look like it had come out of skip. Desk and draws old black furniture. No bathrobes, empty bag which was supposed to have a hairdriier. The staff are trained to the high Hilton standard, so no problems there, however you would expect a better standard of room. Stayed there many years ago in a standard room which was far superior to room 405.  I do think the Hilton brand should like about getting rid of Waldorf London. Not a Hilton to stay in, and as…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,You must be lucky with the Waldorf Hilton,"This is our sixth time we stayed here.  We had indicated to arrive around 12.00 and requested an early check-in.  I don't know how they get, but again the room was not ready and it was said that check-in time 3 pm. This I know but as a diamond Vip, you can surely expect that once a room is ready earlier. We staying in hotels around the world and the Waldorf is the only hotel we never are sure to get a early checkin, maybe it has to do with housekeeping??  There we were told that the room would be ready in fifteen minutes, well that was one and a half hour.  Only the last day we went to happy hour at the lounge. Fortunately, it was a big circus.  The lounge was packed with people who I think don't often stay on an executive floor, lots of noise and screaming kids.  Tables full of…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Super Duper!,"Stayed here with my daughter on a girlie night out to the theatre, it is a lovely hotel. Very nice twin bedded room, comfy bed, beautiful bathroom. Breakfast was fantastic! Perfect for Covent Garden, and our theatre! Great hotel!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"located right by theatre land & fabulous restaurants, the welcome and bar are just superb.  As with many central London hotels, the rooms are compact but perfectly equipped and comfortable.  This would have got 5 stars were it not for the electrical fault in our room.  This was rectified, but sadly a little too late.  However, we were offered discount drinks in the bar as compensation which we really appreciated.  Great staff, courteous management and generally a hotel with plenty of charm.  We will certainly return.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Glitz all the way!,"My husband and I recently stayed at The Waldorf Hilton for the weekend to celebrate my 40th birthday. We stayed in a suite which was spacious and comfortable. The staff were nothing but helpful and accommodating, with extra little touches like leaving a birthday cake in the room on arrival and extra champagne at dinner at no extra charge. If you want to feel extra special in London then I would highly recommend staying at The Waldorf London and enjoy a sumptuous breakfast and relaxing dinner there too!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"If you are looking to stay in the Theatre district, this hotel is an excellent choice! Great position, very good service and friendly staff and rooms were very clean and and spacious. We were fortunate enough to have use of the Executive lounge which made our stay even more enjoyable.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
3956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea at the 'waldorf',"In a word don't bother. Had booked for 2.30, problems straight away, as they could find no record of booking although we had booking reference no. Finally taken through to a room with very little atmosphere, many tables still not been cleared from previous guests making the place look more like a badly run motor way cafe. The table offered cramped and squashed next to another this I declined and because so many tables had not been cleared and reset that was the best of the lot. By this time I was completely disenchanted,  felt disinclined to paying £ 80 plus for second rate service and  left. Having been to both the Savoy and the Ritz for Afternoon Tea I suggest the Waldorf looks at how they do it",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton - Perfect for theatre,"When In London I always prefer to stay at the Waldorf Hilton on Aldwych. When you come over for a weekend to London it is more then convinient to stay here, because it is so close to the Opera and all the other musical theatres are close at hand. I have read different reviews - good and bad - but mainly it is nice to stay here. The only thing I dislike is that they have those sell outs during weekends. When like me as a Diamond longtime of the chain you want to have breakfast and a drink in the evening it is really impossible.So, I go down to the Homage.  When I was here in May you find a different class of people and the lounge looks more like the first pub on the corner. Yelling children and tables full of glasses of empty drinks. And a mess on the floor.  I feel really sorry…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This isn't my Hilton,"Having accumulated 1 million Hilton points in the past, I'm obviously a loyal promoter of Hilton. But, boy was I disappointed in the Waldorf Hilton in London. If you check in and get room 630, run to another property. Room was very small, floors squeaked when walked upon, toilet barely worked, window had view of solid brick wall 6 feet away. Our friend was in room 633 with similar experience. I asked the front desk for directions to a discount theater ticket site but instead of telling me the location they insisted on me using their broker for tickets which I didn't want. I asked the same person the next day to call me a taxi for the next morning and he instead wanted me to use their car service for 75 pounds to the airport. I absolutely love the Hilton chain but this property…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf for four nights and couldn't have been happier with the room and the service at this hotel.  We were in London celebrating our anniversary and arrived at the hotel to find that we had been upgraded.  Our room was perfect and the deep soaking tub in our bathroom was fabulous after long days walking around London.  The staff was attentive without being obtrusive and every encounter with them was pleasant.  All in all, a lovely stay!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 star hotel....,"Just returned after spending a night at the Waldorf Hilton and am not impressed in the slightest....  After being assured on the phone by central reservations that we could book two room interconnecting (one for the children), we arrived firstly to be told that we would be charged full rate for both (on the phone the 2nd room was 50% reduction) and secondly that they were twin rooms that would be noisy due to a wedding that evening.  I enquired when there license ceased for entertainment on a Sunday... 1am.  Our alternative was a suite where the children are in the lounge area on a sofa bed.  Same cost which in my mind is a compromise as we technically now have one room not two....  We ended up accepting this after my youngest was by this point getting upset and the whole family…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Poor Standard,"I recently stayed in this hotel.  I travel regularly and I am well accustomed to 5 star hotels.  I have never felt strongly enough to leave a trip advisor review before.  However, this hotel is so poor that I feel obligated to do so for other travellers.  This hotel does not remotely correspond with a 5 star hotel.  It is legitimately more commensurate with a B&B or motel.  I was in London on business and needed to work in my room.  I was allocated room 612.  It was appalling.  It was tiny.  It had an odour.  It was noisy (due to some adjacent machine room?).  The bathroom was shocking.  Aside from being very dated cosmetically, there was mould and poor sealant etc.  The shower had no pressure and the shower head simply trickled.  The plumbing was the worst aspect.  The system…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really great,"We stayed for an overnight theatre break and whilst we were only there for one night the receptionist made us feel like we were staying for a month, incredibly helpful and just a basically relaxed stay. We had a drink at the bar, again, all staff really chilled. Would I recommend to others, absolutely. Location perfect.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,always the best in London,It is my preferred hotel in London where i m back every quarter.  Staff knows me and i really feel at home. Not a stranger but part of a family. E floor room are outstanding and the breakfast at grand saloon is simply THE experience. Go there to enjoy London,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,I booked a weekend in London with my wife and used my Hilton Honours points as a Diamond Customer. Upon check in we were upgraded to a fantastic room which was huge and with very high quality fixtures and fittings. The bathroom was lovely and the shower head was HUGE with fantastic pressure. Excellent double glazing (we looked over the inner courtyard) and we genuinely could not hear any noise whatsoever from London or traffic. The bed was a super King and both the mattress and pillows were extremely comfortable.  We made extensive use of the executive lounge and had complimentary drinks and nibbles both nights and breakfasts both days. The service was very good and the lounge is extremely comfortable and a great place to relax. Breakfast was excellent and a great choice of hot…,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't waste your money on afternoon tea if you're a Coeliac,"Just returned from celebrating my daughter's 18th birthday and I am so disappointed. I truly thought we'd be made to feel special but it was not to be. There were 6 in our party spanning 3 generations, with dietary requirements of 1 vegetarian and 1 gluten free which we had notified the restaurant of in advance. We've previously  had afternoon tea at various hotels and have been pleasantly surprised how well we've been catered for. The dining area was beautiful although rather warm. The lovely waitress brought out 2 cake stands and pointed out the gluten free and vegetarian choices, but the gluten free bread was the type you'd get 20 years ago, hard and unappetising so it was sent back to the kitchen. The manager explained that this was the bread they always have from their…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Pleasant Stay,"There are many good things about this hotel.  The location of this hotel couldn't be better.  It is in the heart of the theatre district, close to shopping, and within walking distance the major art museums. Buses stop right in front of the hotel.  The hop-on hop-off buses are a few steps from the front door.Staff was the most part were great.  The people at the front are efficient, friendly and caring.  The concierge staff on the first floor is outstanding.  They provided information and arranged for tickets to plays and concerts.  The bellman staff were also outstanding.  They gave very good directions upon request and they were always friendly and helpful.  Our junior suite was spacious and the bed was comfortable. We could control the temperature in the room without any…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel - Great Location!,I loved staying at the Waldorf. our room was excellent and. The location of the hotel was also very good.. The Homage (restaurant) serves some delightful cuisine. I will most definitely recommend this hotel to everyone...,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
3968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"For it's history and tradition we decided to book a room at The Waldorf Hilton. We had a pleasant stay there. It's location is perfect, close to great restaurants, attractions and theatres. The breakfast was superb, the staff is helpful and efficient. There are a lot of great hotels in London and The Waldorf Hilton is one of them.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
3969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed at the Waldorf for a weekend, room was very nice, comfortable bed with all the mod cons, you'de expect from a 5 star.  Breakfast was lovely, all you could want, bar nice, drinks a bit pricey, but you expect to pay that in London hotels, all in all a nice hotel, would stay there again",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
3970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fine for one night, nothing special","I stayed for one night on business as it was close for a breakfast meeting. Hotel is nothing spectacular and I thought the room and bathroom was a bit tired, but fine for one night. It's not somewhere I would choose for a special occasion as London has so many great hotels.  Staff were helpful and accommodated my request for a quieter room with less traffic noise - always an issue in Central London.  Food was ok. It does annoy me however that many hotels charge a ridiculous tray charge for room service - £5. It means you are less likely to give a tip as you feel you are paying twice for someone bringing the food to your room. Would always prefer to tip the person rather than the hotel but I guess that's the corporate part of Hilton.   Would stay here again as close for work…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I've always walked past this place and wondered what it would be like inside, so decided to treat a friend to afternoon tea.  As we walked in I was somewhat surprised at how unkempt it look.  We were shown to our table I was disappointed how gloomy the room was, it looked exactly like the outside of the Lyceum Theatre with the massive cream pillars that look as though they haven't been cleaned for years.  The chairs we sat in were so shabby.  We ordered a glass of champagne, when the waitress brought it over it was so obvious she did not know how to pour it,her hand was shaking so much and it could hardly hold the size of the bottle, because she was holding it incorrectly, but I said nothing and let her continue, it took her quite a while to pour as she seemed surprised that the…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hard to fault,"I stayed here with my husband for 3 nights over the May Bank Holiday weekend to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary.  My clever husband had found it at a bargain price on Telegraph Secret Escapes.  The breakfast was included in the price & that alone should have been £22 each per day for a full English breakfast.  On the first morning we were informed that they were expecting it to be very busy, so anyone who arrived for breakfast before 9am would get a free glass of Bucks Fizz.  We got there at 8.55am & received our free glasses; it was available on the breakfast menu at £9.50 per glass.  We only had a standard room but it was lovely, with a separate entrance lobby leading to the bathroom, with the bedroom off to the left.  The Hotel is ideally situated, just off The Strand,…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Stayed here regularly this year and this hotel gets better and better. Front desk staff are friendly, helpful and nothing is too much trouble. Prices are good, as long as you book in advance and facilities excellent. I will keep coming back.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just ok,Great location  but having booked a  a treat weekend break away was rather disappointed in the room giving the famous name! !!wasnt really a wow!!!!just an average room really.staff was friendly and the breakfast was lovely,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"I have stayed at this hotel on an almost weekly basis for the last 12 months.  Tonight, in return for my loyalty, I have been 'upgraded' to room 107 which is directly above the downstairs conference hall and is currently hosting a live music performance that I can hear above the sound of the TV in my room.  The friendly lady on the front desk has informed me that the performance is not due to finish until 12.30am and there is nothing else she can do as the hotel is fully booked tonight.    I choose to stay in this hotel above others because you hope to get a reasonable level of service and a good night's sleep; sadly, this is not the case and should no longer be considered a given before booking.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
3976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,dissapointing recent stay,"Recently stayed with my husband for a surprise 50th birthday treat. Cannot fault the location, room very comfortable, stayed for 2 nights, but would say this hotel  is one for  tourists, over priced and not 5*. We had a terrific stay in London over the 2 days unfortunately  my stay was spoilt by the sight of a mouse running around the bar on the second night. I captured the mouse running around on my phone and showed it to the bar manager, he apologised profusely and gave us a complementary cocktail, assure us he would get pest control in that same night, however he did not seem overly worried and I got the impression that this was not the first time this has happened. Despite giving our room number, when we checked out no other apology, compensation, or reassurance that the…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,"My family and I stayed at the Hilton Waldorf at the end of April 2014.  The position of the hotel is really excellent for Covent Garden and the West End Theatres - all within easy walking distance.    I have to admit to being a little disappointed with the hotel itself given its famous ""name"" - frankly, I don't think it lives up to that.  However, the rooms are comfortable and fairly clean and we all slept well.  Service particularly at reception was a bit patchy but it did work, I suppose.  Clearly there is a very high turnover of guests at this place and that may make it difficult for the staff to make guests feel that they are receiving individual attention.  I would not recommend this hotel as a ""special"" place to stay but it is very functional and in an excellent location…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay As Always Executive Lounge A Must,"Do miss the soft comfortable mattresses, stay good upgraded to complimentary executive room on 2nd night. Radek on the door as helpful as ever. Robert concierge a great asset to the Waldorf, no one knows London better than a Londoner. Staff friendly & helpful as always. Was sad that we met friends Nigel & Liz (Elizabeth) there twice now and both times on returning home we have lost their contact details, they stayed for 2 nights like us in executive room and dined in Hommage on the 4th May. Love the friendly atmosphere in the executive lounge had a most pleasant evening there on the 4th May. Enjoyed the visit to Bethnal Green to the Blind Beggar thanks Robert for your information concerning that. Thanks to the hotel for the anniversary cake kindly left in our room",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the Best Hilton Hotel.,"We stayed at this hotel on 16 & 17 April prior to holidaying in Greece. On the first night we had dinner in the restaurant, which we found very disappointing, the noise from the Boxing Tournament in the adjacent function room was extremely loud and off putting even when we were moved to the other side of the restaurant, the starters were mediocre and the Sirloin Steak was easily the worst I have ever been served. There were sinuses through the middle of the flesh which could not be cut, even with the steak knife, I drew this to the attention of the   very charming Latvian waiter who promised to bring this to the notice of the chef and we were given an extra glass of Sparkling Wine. Later we were introduced to the Hotel Manager Mr Goodby, who apologised, and offered us a…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed...VERY underwhelmed,"Visited this hotel recently on a business trip. It's a hge step up in terms of price and hotel type that I usually prefer when travelling for business. My expectations were sky high since viewing the website and reading some reviews. The service upon checking is was really good. The gentlemen at the door is one of the friendliest people I've met in London. The lady at the front desk (Fadima) was so helpful and made me feel as if I was one of the most regular guests. And that's where the love affair with this hotel ended. I stayed here for five days and four nights and I was able to watch television for about ...oh wait after pleading everyday to have someone fix my non-working TV,  nothing happened. No trainsmash there. What does tick me off is that when I spend this amount of…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,WSL..Glasgow,this is a very good situation for business or pleasure. the hotel has the best executive lounge I have come across so try and get access to it. Staff are very pleasant but room service needs to be improved in quality of food and length of time bringing to room. I had a room on the exec.floor and it was excellent. I will continue to stay here although it can be a little on the pricey side.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
3982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed - expected a lot more,"My colleagues had previously stayed here and had mentioned that they preferred the Bloomsbury 4 star over this 5 star. I thought let's give it a fair chance, I'm looking forward to experience this hotel. However after spending only 1 night I can now understand why they said there. Quite simply put the 2 properties do not even compare. Check-in was smooth enough, I had to ask about breakfast times which is fine & luckily I did as I was told I didn't have breakfast included (Turns out the wrong rate was on system so reception amended it). I understand this is a reservations and not a front office issue. My colleague who didn't realise it ended up paying the next day, even after she had said to the staff that she thought she was booked in on a breakfast basis. Rooms are very small…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
3983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Gold Standard for Service and Comfort,"After avoiding London for 30 years - having chosen on all other visits to head directly from the airport for the English country side rather than braving London crowds and prices - I was somewhat nervous about a planned three-night stay at the start of a recent vacation in England.   I was certain that it was a good location (which it proved to be) but worried that I would feel let down and overcharged for the experience.  I need not have worried because this hotel is lovely in every way - not a bland chain but a beautiful and tastefully refurbished old building that has both charm and comfort. High Hilton standards for bed, bedding and bath, as usual. Being a Hilton Honours member, and having opted for an executive King room we had the added benefit of free wifi and the…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff is Very Helpful and Considerate,"The hotel is is great location.  Breakfast is included (but be sure you specify that you want a ""full"" and not a ""continental"" breakfast when you book.  Most rooms are very nice.  However, the hotel could use an upgrade in the rooms.  The lower the floor the better the rooms.  The E rooms are on floor one.  Be sure you get a room no higher than the 6th floor, as those on the 7th and 8th are not nearly as nice as the other rooms in the hotel.  The bar is great and lively, even late at night.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location in London,"Very nice hotel located off the Strand and close to theaters and Covent Gardens.  Great hotel amenities, friendly hotel staff.  Nice breakfast buffet, fitness center with swimming pool, and great executive lounge.  A very nice place to stay while in London.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed!,"Stayed in this hotel for a business trip. The room was ok, basic facilities with a wee mini bar in place and plenty of places to explore around. The bar and the concierge were helpful but I was really surprised that the internet was £15 over the room tariff! Apart from that the room was out of toiletries and I had to call up the housekeeping twice to ensure they were on it. All in all, won't be selecting this hotel again as there are plenty of other options in the same vicinity in the same budget.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
3987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Pricey but good, and top location","We stayed a night at the Waldorf Hilton recently, we were given a very nice room on the 7th floor which was on a corner of the building so a bit different. The hotel is very well located and the staff are friendly and attentive. The only issues with the stay were the lack of promised bath robes and the call at 07.30 to the room, which could have been another guest. Whoever it was learned some interesting Anglo Saxon words.  We used their valet parking service as it was cheaper to drive up to London and use that than take the train and tube, etc. The concierge/commissionaire/bloke-at-the-door-in-a-hat was great and remembered our name, which is quite a feat.  Recommended but watch out for the expensive breakfasts (we nipped round the corner to a cafe..cheapskates)",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place,Stayed here to watch friends run the London marathon. The hotel was as good as expected and the staff even better. The room was large so was the bathroom. We also had a great afternoon tea there which I would go back for any day.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for the theatre and Covent Garden,"I booked this hotel as we were visiting the theatre and restaurants in the area and  the location was very good.  The reception was ok but we didn't really get much information about the hotel.  Our room was of a decent size with all the usual facilities, we also had access to the Executive Lounge which was good but was always extremely busy and sometimes it was difficult to find a seat.  The concierge and doorman - Mark was very good and he was always happy and made sure he had a chat with you about your day.   We had a couple of concerns with the hotel service etc but these were resolved in a professional manner by the Guest Relations  Manager.  We normally stay on Park Lane, however if we visit the theatre again we would use the Waldorf. ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in London on Sunday 27th April 2014.  I had a very enjoyable stay.  The food was first class, the service was very good and my hotel room was very comfortable.  I had access to the Executive Lounge, which was also comfortable and relaxing.  The location of the hotel is very central for many of the main tourist locations within the city.  The Consierge and Doorman were both very helpful with giving guidance of how to travel around London and about what to see.  I would certainly stay at the Warldorf again.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,May Bank Holiday stay,"Well what can I say but congratulations to the hard working staff at the Waldorf - you are all amazing. The service is excellent and the staff are friendly such a refreshing change.  Room was very nice, breakfast good - the only disappointment was the health club which is in need of MAJOR TLC tiles stuck to my back in steam room and attached themselves onto my back. The place needs a major revamp. Come on Hilton LA a fitness are doing you a disservice by letter your team in the hotel down big time",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for visiting London,"We had two nights in this Hotel, the reception and check in  was simple, and the room very spacious. The Breakfast was vast and was relaxed and the service also good. Overall a good enjoyable stay in London",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Executive room MUCH nicer than standard (Lounge issues though),"Stayed here for a late wedding anniversary weekend.  Just the one night using HHonors points.  I emailed the hotel in advance to ask about paid upgrade to exec to be pleasantly surprised that they gave me an upgrade FOC. (I am HH silver having recently missed requal).  Room was spacious and clean, surprisingly so for London.    The executive room comes with Lounge access.  I have been in HH lounges all over the world, and this one, frankly, was VERY disappointing.    Afternoon tea is served, a selection of small sandwiches and cream teas (very nice scones!), but it was SOO busy due to the lounge being small relative to the number of guests.  Also, only soft drinks were offered (most lounges have beer/wine available all the time)  To add to this, they serve ""canapés"" from…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxury!,We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton following a trip on the Orient Express from Venice.  We wanted to carry on the luxury experience before returning to normal life and were not disappointed.  We had booked a King Junior Suite but were upgraded to an Executive Suite.   (Both have the benefit of access to the Executive Lounge which was a really good feature). Check-in was friendly and efficient. The room was incredibly spacious and had luxurious touches like a TV at the foot of the bath.  We were only there for one night but could have tolerated a few more!  All in all a great stay.  The hotel is in a good location for whatever you want to do in London. Having a discount code made it affordable for future stays in the capital for theatre trips etc.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
3995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Great place, good service, well located in the Theatre district. I will come back for more enjoyable stays in this fine hotel. The room was clean and the bathroom refurbished. We obviously paid full price for one night so that might have helped.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
3996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Experience,"Just got back from a short break at Waldorf and what a marvellous time we had.  Firstly the tour of the hotel was good it gave you a brief insight into the history of the place.  The check in was quick and efficient,  however the gentleman was a little bit abrupt but it did not put us off.  The room was spacious and exceptionally clean as were all the public areas.    We had drinks in the bar area where someone played the piano, it was so relaxing.  Some may say drinks were expensive but that's what you expect at this type of venue.  Breakfast well where do I start it was amazing, there was plenty of choice and the staff were so professional yet still extremely friendly.   All in all it was a great experience! ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
3997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, excellent experience","The Waldorf is in the ideal location for visiting central London for either business or pleasure. It is right in the midst of the West End theatres, just around the corner from Covent Garden and only a few minutes walk from the Strand. Most major tourist attractions are within walking distance and others are easily accessible due to the hotel's close proximity to both Holborn and Covent Garden tube stations. I stayed for two nights midweek in an executive room. Access to the executive lounge made my stay even better - unlimited free drinks and aperitifs in the evening were definitely worth the extra cost! All staff were friendly and helpful, especially the doorman. The room itself was lovely - very clean, comfortable and spacious. The bed was heavenly, I could stay there…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
3998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Evening Meal Waldorf Hotel,"Great central location- staff member working the door was very helpful in our dispute with a cabbie who insisted the fare from Euston Road to the Waldorf was £20 when we have travelled this route many times paying between £8 and £10.  Impressive interior and bar staff very friendly and attentive. Disappointed that the toilets had paper towels but that's just me.  We thought it was a shame that on a Saturday evening that the piano was covered over and not in use as this would have enhanced the atmosphere.  We were disappointed that the dress code on the restaurant was rather lapse with people sitting in jeans and t-shirts- but again this is only personal preference.  The food was good but not outstanding- while the waiting staff were lovely and friendly, they also were very well…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
3999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or3995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Hilton Waldorf Astoria,"Pleasant staff and very helpful.  Bedroom tired looking, bedding (valance) stained, bathroom not clean - room required updating.  Hotel is in a good position for the Opera House within walking distance for Coventry Garden.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Buyer Beware!,"Typically I write only positive reviews as I'm willing to give most vendors the benefit of the doubt. Not in this case. The good? The location is very good, several tube stations in walking distance, most major attractions are in walking distance and the hotel is clean. My advice is to avoid this hotel and it is based on recurring billing issues with the hotel. There is no simple way to say this, they will charge your credit card for services or rooms upgrades you do not receive so you must watch closely. I have been dealing with this for some time with the property. Additionally be cautious if you book through a third party. We pre-paid to get a good and low rate and the hotel did not honor that (not upon checkout but three weeks later and additional $2K appeared on my card -…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Major improvement; great stay,"I have been at this hotel on several occasions but have not returned in a few years because I thought the hotel needed some renovation and that the service needed some improvement. Things have changed dramatically for the better. The rooms are updated and done very nicely. The hallways seems to have gotten a facelift as well and it all works together very nicely, as does the Executive Lounge. The staff are now very accommodating and helpful from the front desk to the attendants at the door. The beds are comfy and the bathrooms very nice and updated as well (my only complaint here is that my room did not have a separate walk-in shower.  The location near Covent Garden is quite nice and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for London Theater,"I stayed at the Waldorf London on a business trip to London.  The hotel is historic and has a great character.  The rooms are nicely updated in a way that maintains the character; the entire property is well kept.  Staff were very friendly and helpful.  The restaurant, though, was just okay; but there are plenty of great places to eat near the Hotel.  The location couldn't be better if you are seeing plays, shopping in Convent Garden, or visiting the British Museum or London School of Economics. Only complaint:  Like a lot of European Hiltons, the Waldorf doesn't seem enthusiastic about  the Hilton loyalty program--you won't necessarily be acknowledged, offered upgrades, or even given the guaranteed perks associated with your Hilton status.  Despite this, I would happily return…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, elegant, perfectly located in London","We stayed here for 3 nights at end April, and were very relieved we decided to spend a little more and stay in central London, as there was an Underground tube service strike for 3 of the 4 days we were there, which we didn't even notice. London hotels are expensive, and the centre of London even more so. However if you have to spend the money anyway, you could do a lot worse than the Waldorf Hilton. We had a good sized Executive Plus room which gave us all-day access to the Executive lounge, a complimentary breakfast in the lounge every morning, daily newspaper, Wifi, and we were able to organise an early check in on the morning we arrived. The staff were unfailingly polite, helpful and pleasant, and very unobtrusive.  Regarding the room: on the plus side, I think this was the…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They don't answer the phones!!,"I can't even get them to answer the main switchboard to make a booking or reservation or talk about my up and coming event.  Absolutely appalling that they can't answer their main switchboard on a Saturday afternoon and when they do, they transfer you to either a voicemail or a system that asks for the number in your party.  If they don't have anyone to answer the phones what would it be like if you are a guest?  On the basis that they don't have the basic's right I would avoid.  Eventually after 12 calls and 20 minutes I spoke with someone alluded to being a manager who also struggled to deal.  Then 30 minutes later they said I had no booking, but they were looking at the wrong time!!!  Neither professional or good for a worldwide 5* brand.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
4005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Old & worn, not what you'd expect","This Hilton was very busy when I was there, however I was surprised by the poor quality of the room (small/noisy) and the superbusy breakfast. As breakfast ends at 10:00 there was a huge line at 9:45, I had to wait 20 mins to get a seat!  The hotel staff was not to bothered when I told them that I was not to pleased with this. Next time I will not return to this hotel. Would recommend the Park Plaza westminster.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location near Covent Garden,"Stayed here to do London Marathon, and it's in an excellent location for getting to the start - Charing Cross Station is less than a 10 minute walk, and close by for the end. It's also very close to Covent Garden and Leicester Square.As the concierge said, fastest way to either is on foot. Literally next door is Mama Mia. Checking the prices of the hotel though, it is pretty pricey.  Had a Deluxe Room, overlooking the main road on second floor. Not too noisy with the glazing, but could tell there was a road nearby. The Executive Lounge (Diamond HHonours member) got a little busy at around 7, and also at breakfast time. They did offer to take people down to the restaurant for Breakfast, and the Lounge Manager also updated me for Complimentary Full Breakfast in the restaurant in…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights; chosen because great location - came for two opera performances - max 10 min to ROH. On arrival we were met by butler who helped us with our bag; at reception we were told that our room is ready as we requested early check-in;  also - which is very strange - we were asked about debit/credit card deposit £50 for each night - this thing we never had anywhere else (we payed for our stay on time of booking); we were asked if we would be happy with the room for disabled we agreed and were offered room 225;  on the way to the room we did not see any access for wheelchairs; it is large and quite room; shower was also large but unsafe to be used for disabled - no rubber mats the floor is like a glass when wet with the soap, no folding chair to sit…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shame is the name ,Unfortunately this hotel did not live up to standards of either Waldorf nor hilton. I was booked by my company through an online booking site and given the shoe box sized room.    An awful experience through and through. Too bad management could not better it ,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
4009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre weekend......excellent!,"Stayed for one night I an executive king with a third bed, as 3 staying. Facilities were great, service exceptional and location was fantastic. Quite pricey, but then you are staying in a great area, with so many theatres, restaurants & London attractions literally in your doorstep!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel  but very expensive.,"I stayed at the Waldorf hotel for two nights in April, the hotel is lovely and in an excellent location which   was taken into account when booking, I requested an extra bed in the double room we had booked, I was given a z bed for the two nights at an extra cost of £330.00, plus £42.00. for my breakfasts, just so not worth that price, It was actually marathon weekend so maybe they put the price up for that weekend if so they shouldn't, it's a shame as everything else was lovely.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good corporate spot in excellent location,"It's a very competent Hilton in a fantastic location for central London. Easy walking to many sites, particularly Covent Garden and environs, easy access to public transport.  Room is very large for London hotel and was very quiet. Good fitness room in the basement, including decent sized lap pool.  Did not use room service..",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just short of greatness.,"I stayed here for three nights over my birthday this year and while there were many things to like about this hotel it didn't quite live up to my expectations.  The good news - the room was large and the bathroom was very nice.  It had great water pressure, a rain shower, towel heater, and it was spacious. The room was also spacious and the bed was comfortable and it had some clever decorative touches, although the hotel overall is sort of a mish-mash of decorative styles.  Rather than embracing its age and grandeur it seems to be striving to be hip and modern in a way that it just isn't.  But there are other good things - the old school bar fully embraces the hotels elegance with comfortable, retro style and good lighting plus a menu of classic cocktails.  It's a great place to…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"No where near its former glory, what have they done","I will start by saying all the staff are friendly and courteous, plus the Hotel is spotless, but so are the bulk of travelodges. We have been lucky to stay in many top hotels. The Waldorf used to be superb, although our last vist was indeed a good few years ago. Since we have used Claridges and the Ritz, but thought we would try an old favourite. What a change for the worse. Totally ruined by upgrade. The Homage Restaraunt is nothing special, although the food was nice, it was really just not at the level you expect, although very expensive.Rooms are very very expenisve for what you actually get. We booked a Junior Suite, if this was a suite I would not want to stay in a base room. Door staff only interested in the tip. Executive check in was a farce.  IF YOU ARE VISITING LONDON…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Close to The Royal Opera House, Covent Garden","We travelled to London from Edinburgh to attend a performance of La Traviata at the ROH.  The Waldorf is just a few minutes walk away.  We enjoyed our one night stay in a comfortable and pleasantly laid out room, and breakfast was the usual good international hotel self-service standard. We initially were told our room was to be on the seventh floor but when we demurred we were quickly given a first floor room.  We particularly enjoyed our cocktails in the Good Godfrey bar with a live pianist playing Gershwin, Cole Porter etc.  The staff were all very attentive, helpful and pleasant.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab Excecutive Lounge,"First time at this Hotel in London, it was great. Location - just round the corner from Covent Garden Friendly staff Good food Clean room Free swimming pool and Gym, with no restrictions for children at weekends in the pool - Fab. BUT, as we booked a Junior Suite we were entittled to use the excecutive lounge. Very surprised to find hot and soft drinks, afternoon Tea and in the evening a free bar - all included in the price for the room.   It was our Daughters birthday and in the room was a lovely cake and in the evening again a surprise. We intend to return in the very near future..",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Consistent service in a great location,"I have stayed here a few times and the service is always excellent.  The executive lounge is top notch and is a great place to relax or hold a meetings (as well as the lobby).  I normally take a red eye and I have a 2/3 hit rate on whether a room is available in the early morning.  You can use the gym downstairs in a pinch though it may remind you of a Y.  The rooms range from good to very good.  However, you can't beat the location if you need to be in this end of town.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not very special,"Really disappointed in this Hilton, just being called Waldorf doesn't make you one. This is the poorest I have been in. Rooms ok, not great even though mine was supposed to be superior. Break fast standard Hilton so Ok only. Evening meal just average bistro quality but wine good and good value. If your firm are paying its a safe bet, touches of old luxury but not really in same league as New York or Edinburgh. Staff attentive in reception and bar, but not so good in dinning room.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great if you are charging someone else,"So this a lovely hotel for business people. Folk who can charge out simple things like basic internet access at 15 pound a day, 65 pound for three short local calls and printing. Petty things that thoroughly irritated me from a five star hotel that should be either accessible for free or without the great hassle.   Admittedly they did come to the party in issuing access to the WiFi network when I pushed them and agreed to charge the correct listed prices for the in house phone calls, but everything was just an uphill battle against money grabbing simplicities.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room a bit tired,"Stayed for one night, including dinner.  The room was a fabulous size but just a bit tired looking.  Not plush, nor luxurious nor special in any way sadly.  Aside from that slight disappointment we had a wonderful stay overall.  Staff all very polite and friendly.  Afternoon tea and breakfast are laid out in the executive lounge of which we took advantage as the dining room was heaving.  Very nice, perfectly content to serve myself as opposed to being served.  Dinner in the restaurant was absolutely amazing.  Very possibly, probably in fact, the best meal I have ever had.  If I were to go to London for a night including dinner I would most definitely stay here again but  really feel the rooms could do with a little tlc.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Did not feel 5 star,"We stayed here for the weekend last year. It is in a good location and generally was okay but not what I would rate 5 star. The room was clean but on the small side.  We ordered morning newspapers Telegraph on Saturday and Times Sunday, no newspaper arrived on Saturday even though we rang reception four times throughout the morning, but both newspapers arrived on Sunday instead of just the Times.  We had afternoon tea at the hotel, there was a high number of foreign staff, I asked for a pot of hot water to accompany the tea, I was brought a glass of cold water. These might seem minor niggles but when totted up with other things, eg, no one advised on where to sit or what to do at breakfast, no bowls available for cereal, I ordered poached eggs on toast which was taking ages to…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Goes the extra mile,"We all experience problems in hotels, it's a fact of life. What matters, however, is how fast and how well the staff at a hotel deal with issues that arise and how ""special"" this makes a guest feel. In this case a room wasn't ready at time of check-in (7.30pm) and not only did the reception staff deal with this well (free drinks voucher) they dealt with it personally (delivering keycard to me in the bar). Well done!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth its rate!,Stayed here for 3 days. I am a Hilton Honors member so I chose this because of its location and swimming pool and sauna availability. Our room was very basic and small considering price charged for this room. My wife was not happy that using the hotel WiFi is charged extra. The shower has no water pressure at all. The pool and sauna which is part of the hotel offer is not well maintained and could use some freshening up. The only positive I can see for this hotel is its location. Overall you'll probably get a much better experience for the same price in other London Hotels within the area.,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Take off Waldorf Brand,Stayed for 5 nights for business.   Room was very small.   Was traveling with others who said they basically were staying in the maids chambers.   Rooms seem to vary significantly.  I knew when I checked in and they told me (without asking) an upgrade would be available in 2 days I knew the room was a problem.   Internet was about $30/day - and spotty.   No maid service one day.  They had some type of party on a Sunday night and my room rocked until 2:00 a.m.  - and I was on the 3rd floor!   Breakfast service is terrible.   I went twice and they have 2 servers for the entire resturant.   I walked out the second day when no one waited on me and went down the street.   This hotel may have been the premier Waldorf at one point - but it is now a pig with lipstick.   BTW - Until this…,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
4024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,If only I could have fitted that bed into my suitcase,"We loved our stay. Fantastic room. Fantastic service. Our room was massive and the bed too. Best night sleep I have had in ages. Pillows were double the size of mine at home. Brilliant location not far from covent garden, theatre district and the Thames.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf experience,I was able to enjoy a three night stay here while in London on business. This hotel is conveniently located right in the middle of everything. The facility is very well maintained and the staff is superb. They were always smiling and quick to help with anything. The only shortcoming is the lift only goes to the 7th floor so if you have an upper floor room the stairs are the only way to your room. Breakfast was really nice. I would certainly return here anytime visiting London!,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gluten-free afternoon tea,"Visited for midweek afternoon tea using an Amazon Local voucher. Tea was served in a lovely, grand old room with a harpist playing, which made it feel nice and elegant. Staff were extremely welcoming, friendly and attentive throughout our visit. There was a good selection of tea and we were offered multiple refills. The sandwich selection was great and all made with different types of bread, which my family were also offered refills of! I'm coeliac so had sandwiches on gluten free bread; the fillings were lovely but the texture of the bread was quite strange, and I think would definitely be improved by slicing it a little thinner, or perhaps warming the bread up beforehand to make it feel fresher.  However, I was delighted to have gluten free scones (2 of them!), which were…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed for one night. The hotel was in a great location. Reception staff were very helpful and friendly. Had access to executive lounge which was lovely, we didn't have afternoon tea which was on offer but snacks and drinks at happy hour. Breakfast was also served in there which was lovely. The room was spacious and comfortable, even the occasional bed was very comfortable. My son enjoyed the use of the computers in the lounge. The pool would have been beautiful in its day but a bit dated, enjoyable all the same with floats and allocated times to go in with children. Would definitely stay there again and can't wait for my next trip to London.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, historical treasure","I stayed for 11 nights, so I got to know the staff, which was always helpful, friendly, and very cordial. I have Hilton Diamond status, so I enjoyed the Executive Lounge for a full breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening snacks. The offerings were so extensive and enticing, I didn't spend much on restaurants, although they are plentiful in the neighborhood.  I was visiting mainly to see the Royal Ballet at the nearby Royal Opera House; the location was ideal for that, just a short walk. Lots of bus lines run by the hotel, so it was easy to do other sightseeing during the day. The hotel is just a short walk to the Thames, where I could watch the London Marathon.  Within a couple of blocks are all sorts of conveniences, including a 24-hour Tesco for snacks, Starbucks, Pret a Manger,…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,convenient for theatres but poor value,Our room was very basic and considering price charged we were surprised that wifi extra charge. Excellent breakfast was a redeeming feature but overall can get a much better experience for the same price in other London Hotels.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location and service,"Celebrated an important birthday for my wife at this hotel.The staff, rooms and food service made the stay a memorable occasion for us all to remember.The Waldorf Hilton is a very good location for theatres etc.and sightseeing.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Covent Garden Marathon Weekend 2014,"Excellent hotel. Always stay here when in London. Very convenient location for food, tube and theatre. Looking forward to our next trip later in the year. There are other hotels in the area but for us this one hits the spot every time and you get Hilton points which all go towards the free stays for which we have had several now.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but overpriced,"We chose the hotel for its location which we cannot fault. However the rooms were average and not particularly large and room facilities were ok, not to a standard we expected for the price.  The staff were very helpful and we enjoyed the breakfast which was served in a beautiful room. We have stayed in far nicer hotels and although we appreciate a premium for London would be charged, we do not consider it value for money.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great position,"the hotel has a great position , the room are ok not large , the service was very friendly . the breakfast was very  disappointing . the art deco  hotel has nice set up. if you feel like theater or show this is the best hotel to be in .",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loved the location!,"We thought this was in the perfect location for wandering the city. Having been to London several times, we didn't have a ""check list"" of tourist spots, but prefer to wander and pop into places as we come across them. It's walking distance to two underground stops, the river, Trifalgar Square, several museums, soho and the theater district. We also walked down to Big Ben and then across the river to the London Eye from here.   The hotel itself is every bit a ""London"" spot! The room was very spacious, with a very comfortable bed. The only complaint we had was the configuration of the shower right next to the bathroom door. It was very difficult to get in/out of the shower and dry off as the space was very narrow.   The wifi was strong although you have to sign in when you're in…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Have stayed here several times & will sometimes  continue to do so as its very convenient for all London has to offer.Having said that I do think it is generally over priced. The standard rooms are very small so upgrading to a deluxe is more comfortable but of course the price goes up. The food is good but very expensive as so the drinks £14 * vat for a small glass of champagne. If you upgrade to Executive you can get free drinks & food in their Executive Lounge., so thats worth considering. For a special occasion its fine although expensive. I have stayed in many more hotels in London that offer better rooms & restaurant  for a lot less. staff  polite & friendly.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","If you fancy spoiling yourselves in an iconic hotel right in the heart of theatreland, the Waldorf ticks all the boxes.  Steeped in history the hotel provides the usual comforts in a sophisticated but not stuffy setting.  Public areas are v pleasant, especially Good Godfreys bar for post performance drinks.  V good sports facilities - the swimming pool  has echoes of a Roman bath (note 5pm last admission at weekends).  Staff v helpful and courteous.  All in all a really nice place to stay.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,I stayed for 2 nights in an Executive Room. Would recommend you to upgrade if possible as the Executive lounge is really nice. The breakfast in the lounge is really good and it's a relaxing place to get away from the busy city. Free drinks are available every night between 6.00-8.30 The room was spacious and really quiet. My bed was turned down on the first night but not the second? Good location and very helpful staff. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing birthday meal,"We dined at the Waldorf on my birthday in March. We had not dined there for many years, but in the past we had always been happy with the experience and were looking forward to dining in the magnificent dinning room. We went on a special deal from Bookatable and were willing to accept that the food choice would be limited. What a disappointment! The splendid dining room is only used for special occasions and the room we sat in lacked character and warmth and felt like an anteroom. The staff were pleasant but obviously not very experienced. The deal included 2 glasses of wine per person but wine was not offered and I had to ask for it. When I asked what the wine was I was told ""red or white"" with no further details. The waiter poured a glass for my husband and half a glass for me…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Very nice hotel! Clean, quiet room with comfortable bed. Friendly staff. Concierge was very helpful with restaurant and tour recommendations. Short walk to theaters, restaurants, pubs and Covent Garden. We will stay here again on our next London trip.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely fabulous,"Staff friendly and helpful. Room was out of this world. A thoroughly enjoyable stay, the only very minor criticism was our table felt a little close to the one next to us at breakfast. I can't wait to return.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place,"Both the location of this hotel as well as the accommodation we had was tops! When we arrived the receptionist set us up in a junior suite. We had very comfortable rooms, bed, and amazingly quiet. This hotel is located right next to the theatre district in a high traffic volume area of London. I don't think we ever heard a motor vehicle. The executive lounge with it's free food, drink, wine, and alcohol really made our upgrade all the more worth the cost. The staff were always very friendly and helpful. An amazing place!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"ok hotel, great location","Chose hotel for business & location to office. Great location, alot of things in walking distance. The lobby was small, the towel warming bar didn't work & housekeeping didn't clean room on some days. One of the door locks didn't work either but relied on the second lock. Didn't feel unsafe in that location.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for Westend theaters!,This is a beautiful hotel - we had a huge upgraded rooms.  All of the staff was friendly and accommodating but not pushy.  The rooms were clean and very comfortable.  This was our first time staying but the location is ideal for walking to Westend theaters - many are within 4 blocks or less from the hotel.  We would definitely stay here on our next London theater trip.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant break,To get away for a special weekend was great. the Waldorf offered every thing we wanted. Easy to get to and right next to Covent Garden. Pity the tube station was under repair but that will soon be fixed.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,perfect location,"This hotel is highly recommended. The staff is great and very helpful. Room is small but very clean and comfortable beds/pillows. Location is perfect.  Walking distance to Royal Opera House, Queens Theater, other theaters, museum, and bus/train stations. Numerous choices of restaurants and shopping nearby. Our family had a wonderful stay and will come back again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treat,"Hotel near ""Lion King"" for a  trip with granddaughter and we wanted luxury  stay for ourselves. Lived up to expatiations The interior was magnificent and beautifully maintained in it's historic splendour. Rooms etc. just what we expected.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,"Shabby rooms and shabby overall service.  Old rooms with were filthy.  Was able to move a newer room - better, but still not clean.  Quality of room service food was horrible.  Had to pay for internet service which is insane given the price.  Bed terribly uncomfortable in both new and old room.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely stunning hotel,"My daughter surprised me with a stay at The Waldorf Hilton for Mothers Day and I have to say the stay was simply delightful. The staff were so friendly and charming and attentive and the service was exceptional. We really were both made to feel very special indeed. The property is absolutely stunning in every way. Breakfast was wonderful with plenty of choice and again the staff were wonderful. I was also treated by my daughter to afternoon tea, which was amazing. Served in the hotels Homage restaurant with a live harpist. Just fantastic. I would highly recommend a stay at The Waldorf and look forward to my next visit. ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room on the small size,"The hotel reception, bar and restaurant are all nice areas and with exceptional service. The piano bar is a great place to relax from the hustle of London. My only negative was the room size. We stayed in 222 which I understand was a Queen deluxe we upgraded to. Although it was well kitted out and had all the things you would expect, we found it on the small size compared to other hotel rooms of this ilk we have stayed in over the years. This was our only criticism of the hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Treating my son to an 18th birthday trip, seeing the sites of London, being so close to the Thames and Covent Garden was perfect. The hotel is very grand so we dined out. The room was beautifully comfortable and had everything we needed but was at the back so unfortunately no view. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not an Afternoon Tea Hotel,"Having visited all the top london hotels for afternoon tea I have to say that this would be bottom of my list . 20 minutes wait to be asked for our requirements and then a further 20 minutes to be served our order , not offered any re-fills or additional rounds of sandwiches. The quality of the food and tea were fine however the service and atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired ! For the same cost you would be better booking another one of the top hotels where you would have a better experience , Definitely not recommended as an afternoon tea venue ,trust me. please see my other reviews  to see fair and unbiased comments.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & Ideally Situated Hotel,"My wife and I had a 'London Break' based here, a few days to take in some theatre, galleries and fine dining. The Waldorf Hilton is ideally situated for this, on the south-eastern edge of London's theatre district and close to the River Thames and the South Bank. The hotel was comfortable, although our room was a little tired and could do with a refresh. Breakfast was ok, although the service was slow.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"Friendly welcome upon arrival, large clean and quiet room, and very helpful concierge.  Hotel is a bit of a maze but that adds character. Lovely and very pleasant.  Located in the theatre district and very close to the Thames if you like to walk along by the river.  Would definitely go back for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely and elegant,"My wonderful husband treated me to a trip London as a mini vacation to tag onto his European business trip. It was delightful to be greeted by the doorman fully decked out in British finery. The room was spacious, modern and very comfortable. We encountered a frustrating problem with the door lock, which the staff apologized profusely for and attended to while we were out seeing the sights. We had a wonderful giggle when we returned after seeing Book of Mormon (really close by - go see it!), and found an apology note, a bottle of wine, and a luscious piece of chocolate cake that said ""Happy Birthday!"" I loved it. The location is great, right in the theatre district. Covent Square is a quick walk away for shopping, dining (all the rumors about British food proved to be true) and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"My lovely boyfriend treated me to a fabulous weekend away in London last weekend and thankfully, as he has good taste, chose for us to stay at the Waldor Hilton. Our room wasn't quite ready when we arrived, so the reception staff gave us a complimentary drink in the bar as an apology, which was a really nice gesture, and one that we appreciated.  Our room was beautifully decortated, clean and had all the necessary amenities. However, saying that, I'm surprised that a hotel of this quality and standard uses those horrid little UHT plastic milk pots, rather than little cartons of fresh milk that have been provided at other hotels I've stayed at. Also only being allocated two English Breakfast teabags was a little stingy too.  On the whole, we had a fabulous time at this beautiful…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay for my wife's 50th,Staff were very attentive and room was lovely. And what a nice surprise to find a cake in honour of my wife's 50th birthday. Very thoughtful.  I would thoroughly recommend this brilliantly located west end hotel. ,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Place with a character,"I have stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks on business. No new news - as every hotel in London, aldwych is overpriced. Nevertheless, as it is located in several old buildings combined all together, it has it charm and definitely worth staying. Extremely well trained staff, nice breakfast with classical music playing  (free for Gold HH members), cosy beds and bathroom with the window ;) beware that as these are several buildings you have unexpected stairs everywhere (for example in the hallways) so ask for help with the luggage. The location is just perfect as it is walking distance from south bank with all the galleries and Covent garden with the theaters and very nice shopping area.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful service and comfortable rooms,This was the first time we stayed at this hotel in the Covenant Garden area.  We were able to check in early and the room was quiet.  The restaurant is good and staff is very helpful.  We were able to walk to the theater.  We would stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very average,"We stayed for one night as part of a weekend celebration. Our room was quite small but had all the necessary amenities, toiletries etc, however, the shower was poor with very little pressure. We had afternoon tea which was good, if somewhat expensive, but did not compare in quality or service to The Savoy which charges a similar price. Having recently returned from a 5 star hotel in Mauritius where nothing was too much trouble and staff were unfailingly attentive and polite, the Waldorf has some way to go to get 5 stars from us. We booked our stay through a third party booking agent and got it at a much reduced price, I would have been very unhappy had I paid the hotels normal price. Overall, for what should be a prestigious hotel, very average.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great but...,"We stayed at the Waldorf for 3 nights. Staff were good, executive lounge was excellent and hotel was well located. I only have one small complaint. We had booked an Executive Room which is described as 45m² and the pictures show great room with a sofa. The room we got was not 45m² and had no sofa. I even asked hotel reception to confirm that the we had the right room and they were 100% certain. Maybe I got it wrong but I would ask Hilton to ensure that their advertising matched the reality.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A very enjoyable stay.,"Attentive staff, comfortable room with a very comfortable bed! Noting was too much effort, even when our room was only 5 mins late being made ready on a v busy weekend, it was complimentary drinks in the bar without question. Breakfast was great value and very tasty. As a special treat for a top central London hotel to take in a show, it was well worth the money and experience. ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just another poor hilton,"I was really looking forward to staying at the Waldorf, I had heard it was a very prestigious hotel and for the price it should have been. On arrival the reception staff were very helpful and pleasant however this is where the niceties stop. I got to my room on the first floor to find i'd been allocated a shoebox not a room. No place to put my suitcase and could barely use the ironing board without leaning on the wall. The bathroom was small with just a shower in it which would have been more use to a hamster to get washed (the hotter i turned the water, the slower the pressure got). The breakfast and bar are reasonably good. The Gym and Spa are terrible too, mould growing on the bottom of the shower between the steam room and sauna. On leaving the hotel (Today) I stood waiting…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bit disappointed - not special enough for a 5 star,"This was the second hotel we stayed in during a special weekend for my husbands birthday and to be honest I wished we had stayed another night in our first hotel, the Metropolitan. It was ok - clean, comfortable beds, nice decor, pleasant door man. But it didn't blow me away and I think for a 5 star hotel the little things need to be taken care of.  The previous occupant of our room also felt the same way as the cleaning staff hadn't removed their comment card! There were also some unmentionables under the bed, which the lady at check out was apologetic for.  So little touches here and there let it down for us - the above, dirty windows, etc A nice hotel but not the standard I was expecting. Location couldn't be better though",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class service,"My mother and I had a fantastic one night stay at the Waldorf Hilton. The service was first class, and nothing was too much trouble for anyone. We were provided with a very comfortable and accessible room (one of us uses a wheelchair), and access to the executive lounge. This made our stay very simple and stress free. I cannot recommend the facilities and the staff highly enough. We will return.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel Full of Character,Enjoyable stay in characterful hotel with authentic creaky floorboards so hope I didn't disturb too many people below. Good quality food and very attentive staff. Why they charge a fortune for wifi access I have no idea and if they hold your credit card details note that it takes up to three days to unblock,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel a little room for improvement,This is a fantastic hotel with wonderful service from all staff.  The rooms are nicely furnished and have good facilities.  The conference facilities are very good and the service provided throughout the conference I attended was excellent.    I have two issues - the first is having to pay an additional £15 to access the internet in the room on top of a £300+ room rate to start with - internet should be included especially as it is a hotel used by many business travellers.   Secondly the quality of the food on room service was not great considering the price paid - more should be done to ensure the food reaches customers hot and better presented.   Overall tho a very good stay.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great base for London visits,"I do like the Waldorf service and attention. Luckily its retaining some character without falling into the Hilton chain clone. I'm often upgraded to a small suite which is pleasure to stay in. Would recommend asking if upgrade is available as you also get free access to executive lounge which has free breakfast, snacks & drinks throughout the day.   Location wise - its around the corner from Covent Garden and great base for visiting London.   Still charge for Wifi £15, however with room upgrade or Hilton gold card this is free.   Also access to spa, gym and swimming pool is included within the rate.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,We had a fabulous stay at the Waldorf Hilton!  Love that area of London.  We walked to Matilda (great show by the way - a definite must see for all ages) as well as many of the London sites.  Staff were wonderful - just an overall fabulous stay.  Thank you to the Waldorf Hilton for making our visit to London top notch!,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic family visit,"My wife, son and I visited London to spend time with our other son who is studying abroad this year.  I requested connecting rooms for my family and the staff at the hotel were able to accommodate our request.  This is our second visit to the Waldorf Hilton and both visits were perfect.  The rooms were fantastic - recently renovated and very clean.  The Executive Lounge is very nice offering a good selection for breakfast - such a cost and time saver for my family!  My wife greatly enjoyed afternoon tea in the lounge.  I was especially pleased by the personal service provided by Eline.  She even took time to greet us upon our arrival.  The location of the Waldorf Hilton is perfect for sightseeing and nightlife.  I look forward to returning to the Waldorf Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,We recently stayed at the Waldorf London and it was a wonderful experience.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Our room was excellent and better than expected (after reading comments from the travel websites prior to our trip).  The location is excellent and is hard to beat.  The hotel is upscale and very well kept.  I would definitely stay here again.  There were no problems or issues during our trip.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in Westminster - great service,"What a grand old hotel, first class styling and service, staff were all most gracious and friendly, nothing was too much trouble - free wifi worked well, breakfast buffet selection was good. Room very clean and tidy, housekeeping friendly.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,think before you book,"we went to this for an experience, top hotel etc. we saved up for this weekend ,took in a show and were expecting great things.Checked in, room was nice , in the afternoon the mini bar guy just walked into our room we could have been doing anything very bad!!!!!  Dinner we booked a pre show meal had the starter then we were forgotten about waiting an hour for our main ,made us late for our show Extra bad !!!!!!! very small portions too .Breakfast was good but wern't asked if we wanted a drink had to chase the waiter . Overall not good the manager said sorry and took the 12% service charge off thanks but by then our much looked forward to break was ruined so to all you reading this think hard before you part with a lot of money for your break .",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,DISAPPOINTING TRADITIONAL TEA DANCE,"I went to the March Traditional Tea Dance with friends to celebrate my 65th birthday.  The ambience was wonderful as were the very kind and attentive staff. We danced to a traditional Hotel Lounge Band whose repertoire was average and timing a little suspect at times. The biggest disappointment of the afternoon was the actual tea. There was a good selection of teas available but when it was served it was, in my opinion, on the weak side. The scones tasted as though they came out of a packet mix and felt a little 'pappy'.We were given one small ramekin of cream and one of  jam so had to carefully ration it amongst the four of us. But, I feel the biggest let down of the Tea were the sandwiches. The fillings were a little on the thin side and the outer sides of the bread was…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Weekend,"Stayed for a weeekend theatre break, executive room was spacious and well decorated and  the executive lounge was well equiped and ideal for breakfast/refreshments. Staff very helpfull and service generally excellent. Only observation is it can get busy at check in/out.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,vacation,"The hotel was very nice and so was the room. Staff was very helpful. Our only negative was you had to pay extra for internet use in blocks of 24 hours. That seemed a waste as we were out sightseeing most of the time. Free internet was available in lobby but was hit or miss. At the high cost of staying here, internet should have been free in room. We would have only used it for 15-30 each day.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old world charm,"Stayed here during a business trip.  Room was lovely and comfortable, service was great -- efficient and high quality.  Very pricey, so I was surprised to see that they were charging an additional, and relatively high (30 pounds), additional fee for internet access.  Only other surprise was no American-style outlets.  Nightly price include a great breakfast buffet.  Associated with the LA fitness, equipment was good but the piped in music was loud and the air conditioning minimal/nonexistent.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for theatreland,"Hotel is just off the Strand, right in the centre of the theatre district with many restaurants and cate's nearby.  Our room was a reasonable size, clean,light and airy with a decent sized bathroom.  We did not use many of the hotel's facilities as we were out and about.  We did mention at time of booking that we would be celebrating my wife's birthday and we were greeted by a birthday cake in our room, very nice! Breakfast in the elegant Homage dining room was OK - service was very good, but I felt the variety of items available was not as good as some of the other Hilton's we have stayed in. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were made to feel very welcome.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything was Great,Great location. Great service. Great room. Great breakfast.  Only slight complaint is there are too many people in the Executive Lounge taking advantage of the freebies that it is difficult finding a seat or table.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,BG62,As always The Waldorf offers excellent value for money. The staff are very polite and helpful. \rooms are very clean and amenities are excellent. I would highly recommend it.The staff always make you feel special.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff in Waldorf Hilton London,"Hotel is situated in a good location. Close to Covent Garden and The Royal Opera House only two minutes away. The quality of the staff is outstanding, they really make the difference. They make you feel very welcome from the beginning. Room was quiet, no noise from the neighbours. Room was clean. We will come again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Privacy issues, dated, over priced","My stay here involved several problems.  A hotel employee walked in on me - without knocking - while I was undressed, my phone didn't work and my keycard died.  The bed was hard and uncomfortable, the room was dark (only a couple of lights and one VERY TINY window) and the bathroom needs a refurb and a good scrub.  The location is great, the rooms are big for a London hotel, and the free access to an LA Fitness gym is great, but there must be better options at this price point.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sophisticated and Elegant,"Afternoon tea at The Waldorf Hilton, London, was everything expected and more. Our family were celebrating a 60th birthday and we were made to feel so special by all the staff . Even the Harpist engaged our party by asking the birthday girl for her favourite tunes and then playing them wonderfully on his harp. The sandwiches and cakes were delicious as was the service, all in all The Waldorf oozes class from the moment the very friendly doorman opens the door for you to enter this enchanting building.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hotel near Covent Garden London,"Short family get together for sister's birthday, three couples.  One from Ireland one from Wales, and four from Worcester. Really enjoyed our stay at The Waldorf Hotel London, near Covent Garden.  Great location.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fab location, great staff, lovely stay","We only stayed a night but was not disappointed. The hotel looks stunning from outside and the lobby, bar, restaurants etc. all beautiful. Our room was an executive one and had plenty of room, everything you could need. The London skyline headboard was very nice! The room was amazing or anything but was certainly good enough. Breakfast was great and included in our room price. We were in room 705 and we heard no noise at all, despite there being a wedding downstairs. If you want a hotel that is right in the thick of it this is the one for you. Would love to stay again. It's not cheap though.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a great location,"The hotel is in a perfect location for visiting the Royal Opera House, which we were. The staff were very welcoming and attentive through out our stay. The room was comfortable but an odd shape as it was on the top floor, the bedroom part was a little restrictive, however the bathroom and dressing area was ample. Breakfast the next day was amazing! After travelling so much in Europe and having to face a continental breakfast most times. It was rather nice to sit down to a full English breakfast!",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special,"We have done this trip twice, Waldorf is an Exceptional Hotel, from start to finish they are very professional, room was very spacious, they also do a tour of the Hotel, portraying their history. Booked an Evening meal silver service, good deal 3 courses and glass of Prosecco £28.00, quality and service was great. Breakfast was a buffet, all food was nicely presented and service was again very good. We had also in Our deal Afternoon Tea, once again this did not disappoint, excellent presentation and service. The Hotel is set right in the Middle of most attractions, always taxi's waiting to whisk you away. I know you pay a price but It's Worth It. Go On Spoil Yourself.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, but little things brought it down.","Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of fabulous features of the Waldorf Hilton  - the rooms are big, the location is fantastic for the West End and not too far a walk from the shopping side of things and the breakfast (and the room in which we ate it) was flawless. We wanted two rooms on the same floor and when checking-in, we found out they were 3 floors apart. The staff were extremely polite and helpful and changed this with no hassle whatsoever.   However, little things brought it down. We arrived at around half past 5 in the evening and some party members were told that there rooms were not ready. On the website, I believe that check in is from 3 to half past 3. Additionally, whilst the room was otherwise spotless, I found a few hairs in my bed which I assume were from the…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,As Expected,"We have stayed at the Waldorf many times and again was not disappointed , The suite was immaculate as normal ,the staff very attentive in all departments. For service and accommodation like this and the convenience of the area its in you expect to pay a little more but worth every penny",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf,"Expected so much due to the history & heritage so I suppose it was never going to live up to expectations. The Suite was a good size and the service was fine. Unfortunatley the bar was a great dissapontment, as was the entrance, reception area where it was certainly not grand. The bar menu and service was poor with limited seating and space. The breakfast was excellent and of course the location is fabulous !!!!",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service,"The Staff is diligent and ready to assist. Hotel is in a Good location. However , in my opinion, i felt the room was just normal for this category hotel.  nothing special and average room  size. Business services namely conference room is great. Lovely area for guests to have tea breaks as well. Recommended for meetings and conferences ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality stay and service,"I have stayed at this hotel frequently over the last 6 months and I consider this as a home from home for two reasons; the staff are wonderful with a high degree of professionalism yet always friendly without being overbearing; secondly, the rooms, beds and service are excellent and I always sleep well here. ",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel and fantastic location,"Great personal greeting by the reception staff, followed by a lovely spacious room. I really enjoyed my short stay. It is really close to central tube stations.  We had breakfast here the next day and the setting was extravagant with a lovely choice of english/continental breakfast choice. I had a very luxurious stay here.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GB Tours Waldorf experience,"A brilliant 2day break to the Capital to experience the Waldorf Hotel with a trip to Harrods too. We had a beautiful room, excellent breakfast and lovely afternoon Tea and all for a brilliant price. Cannot recommend this small company highly enough as we were so well looked after by Julie and our driver Andy!  Will be trying another trip very soon.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf was great,We found the Woldorf was excellent the staff couldn't be more helpful. Good size room very clean and quiet. I never go by reviews as most people just like to moan but there was not a thing wrong with this hotel.  Go and enjoy,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel but no wow factor! ,"Stayed here march 2nd for 1 night as our daughter was performing on the west end, everything was fine and the room was nice with a bath but after staying at The Hilton London Islington the previous night where we received impeccable  service, this hotel really didn't match up! We was expecting a better atmosphere and more friendly staff but that wasn't the case! We also used the pool but that was freezing so didn't stay in it long and the towels they give you were only big enough for a five year old so take your own down with you unless you wish to freeze! Steam room was nice but didn't get chance to use the sauna as there was an inconsiderate guest sprawled out everywhere so there was no room for anyone else but not the hotels fault! There was nothing wrong as such but they…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"The hotel is in a fantastic location – everything that we want is within walking distance. It is about a £12-15 taxi ride from St. Pancras depending on the time of day I suppose. The staff are welcoming and attentive, from the doorman, to the reception and restaurant staff. The food and drinks weren’t too overpriced for London at all – with a good selection on offer for late-lunch snacks and breakfast.  We decided to have room service for breakfast, which, I could not fault, if a little on the pricey side - it was still a very good breakfast. We got in rather late and had missed the late-night room service but called reception who had a pizza delivered to us which I thought was really good – going that extra mile.  The rooms were comfortable with all the amenities you would…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"My wife and I spent a Saturday night at the Waldorf in a very nice room on the 3rd floor, 326.  The room was a good size, very well decorated, with a very comfortable bed and was extremely quiet - no television noise from other rooms, no creaking floorboards and no noise from people walking about.  We were lucky enough to have access to the Executive Lounge, which meant free tea and cakes when we arrived, free drinks before the theatre and a very good breakfast in the morning (which again was free).  Also, there were some very nice canapes at 6.30, which meant you didn't really need an evening meal.  The staff were all very pleasant as well; checking in and out was particularly easy.  All in all an excellent stay.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but that's it,"A little disappointed to say the least. Can't knock the location, was mere steps away from the Lyceum theatre where we wanted to be. But other than very friendly and helpful front desk staff I couldn't find much else to be wowed by...and this is a hotel that promises to wow? I was ""sold"" an upgrade for £20 to a room with the same sized bed. The bath leaked when you had a shower making a rather attractive pool of water in the middle of the bathroom (quite a hazard). We ordered room service that never arrived. Couldn't get any real food at 1am (ok so that's quite late but many hotels who go the extra mile would provide choice at that time). Our drinks order was wrong. Then didn't arrive. Then got dropped and broke the glass all over the bar. Had to queue for 15mins to check out.…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel & excellent service ,"Stayed with a few friends over a weekend.  The hotel is very nice & I thought the hotel staff were excellent considering how very busy it was ( I believe it was fully booked). The cocktail bar is lovely & the staff very attentive with a good selection of great cocktails new & old.   The bedroom which was an executive room was a decent size & very clean, the bed sheets were so crisp, they almost cracked when I got into bed!!   Lovely stay & I would go back ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay,"We have stayed at the Waldorf on numerous occasions and rate it very highly by international standards. Location,around from Covent Garden,very convenient. Room always spotlessly clean and elegantly furnished. The ambience of this Edwardian iconic hotel dates from an era of luxury and it shows, particularly in the restaurant where breakfast is very good. Very pleasant and helpful staff throughout the hotel. Excellent executive lounge- afternoon tea very good and evening drinks and canapés good selection and always promptly filled up. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location is great, overall nice","Super great location for West End theaters and sightseeing. Pool and spa are nice, gym was spacious. Nice service. My room had almost zero light as the view was an alley backed up against a brick wall of another building, but overall, a fine experience. I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awful ,"By far the worst hotel I have ever had the displeasure of staying at .  We booked and paid for a ""executive luxury double room"" - this was far from how I would describe it!!  We were given a room (705) on the 7th floor , obviously the forgotten floor , even carpets leading to our room were filthy !  On entering the room (we were expecting something nice for £370 a night!) we were greeted with the stench of cigarette smoke ??? The bedding was filthy , thick black dirt all around the valence , the bathroom looked like it had never been cleaned ( we have photos of all of this) , windows wouldn't close , air con didn't work , the list is endless !  Called room service this morning for 2 coffees , a further 2 calls and 45 mins later they arrive - no apology - nothing!!  So then we…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, very helpful staff.","The hotel is perfectly located for the theatres and Covent Gardens. The staff are friendly and helpful. I left my chequebook and they were brilliant and helpful in getting it back to me. Rooms are good size, clean and nicely decorated. ",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good  hotel and great location,"I have to be honest and admit I am basing this on the executive rooms but you get what you pay for. Room was good, service was good and the general demeanor of the hotel was good. Location is perfect for so many places, Theatres, Covent Garden, the Strand et al. Lots of good restaurants just up the road near Covent Garden. Will definitely use this hotel again when in London in 2 weeks time.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,poor room,"stayed in king hilton suite. furnitureand room very tired and not as per website.pool doesn't open early at weekends. bar service very slow .1/2 hour for 1 drink. location good, but staff could do with more training.weren't greeted as hilton honours guest and requested upgrade was not given",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely - good service and location,thoroughly enjoyed the hotel - great room (traded up with hilton gold card) - nice staff. lounge pleasant (loads of american tourists). everything as expected - worth staying here as loaction is good for theatreland and good value.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Theatre Break,This was our second stay at the Waldorf and again it cannot be faulted. The hotel is in an excellent location for exploring the sights and also for the theatres and night life. We had dinner at the hotel restaurant on two occasions during our stay and the food was delicious and very well presented. The rooms are very luxurious and nothing is too much trouble for the staff. Would highly recommend.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stayed there but couldn`t sleep !!!,"Lovely hotel ,fantastic staff,great location but little sleep due to noise all night possibly from a lift??High levels of customer service but food & drink prices reflect the description of iconic London hotel -£24.80 for 1 x Bacardi & Coke ,& 1 x Vodka & Tonic !!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Again a Great Stay,"This was my second time at the Waldorf Hilton and again it was a great stay. Thanks to the staff for being welcoming and making my stay comfortable. The only thing that gives the hotel a 4/5 rather than 5/5 is the fact that the concierge booked me a car for the airport but we ended up going to Paddington as the driver claimed traffic was bad to Heathrow. He refused to take me to Heathrow. So it meant that I paid £75 for the taxi for nothing as I had to pay additionally for the Heathrow Express to get me  to the airport.  Other than that, the stay was perfect. Room was great, staff was great and the location of the hotel was excellent! ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Just back from a 3 night stay at this hotel and the overall impression I have to say is that we would stay again the next time we visit London . The hotel itself is rated 5 star which is only let down by it's not so grand entrance and lobby . We stayed in an exec plus room which was comfortable and very quiet given the hotels location . We didn't use the executive lounge as much as we would normally due to the fact it was overcrowded nearly every time we went in and the staff were not as friendly as one would expect apart from a very nice young man from Spain . The food was generally of a good standard and the service in the bar was excellent .,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected,"This was a Christmas present treat for me and I was thrilled to receive it-imagining that the Waldorf would be a luxury stay. It wasn't! On the positive side-location was great, bed was v comfortable, staff we dealt with were friendly. On the negative side, we were asked if we wanted smoking or none, requested smoking and were put in a none. Phoned down and got a smoking room eventually. Both rooms were on the 7th floor and were just dull, dark, brown boxes, with no pictures or anything on the walls! Nothing in them was luxurious or even 5*. In our 2nd room the safe locked our stuff in-it was dealt with (the safe had broken) in a friendly manner but still hassle. Next our mini bar locked itself as the receptionist hadn't asked for our credit card on check in. It made us feel…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fabulous staff,"have stayed at this hotel 3 times now and each time it has not been without faults but what makes us keep returning is the willingness of the staff to make sure that your problems are sorted,a special mention must be given to leyla the guest reservations manager who on our last visit gave us an upgrade to an exec suite ,lovely lady and in our opinion fab at her job, as were the reception staff and the exec lounge staff too thanks for making our stays enjoyable,am looking forward to a return visit in may for my partners birthday !",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Luxurious Birthday Treat,"Have stayed here many times  but this was extra special as was with my family for my birthday. The service was excellent from the time I made the initial enquiries with the most helpful and obliging  Eline Christiannse , the Manager to the time we checked out , all the staff were attentive and nothing was too much trouble...we were even given the use of the sleek black umbrella's as it was raining when we ventured out . We had  an  amazing suite , very light airy and luxurious with a lovely bathroom with a huge deep bath , walk- in shower and much to my daughters delight , a flat screen TV!!!!  We used the executive lounge and enjoyed the afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapés before walking down the road to take our seats at the theatre only 5 minutes before the…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location can't be beat,"Stayed 4 nights here in February. The location is prime, right in the bustle of Theatreland. Constant chaos outside the front entrance until about 10PM every night, but the hotel itself was fairly quiet. As Gold members, we were upgraded slightly to a nice refurbished room, everything was fresh and new and functioned properly with none of the ""old musty worn hotel"" that it so pervasive in downtown older buildings. Quite sizable I thought for central London.  However, check-in was quick to tell us that Gold members did NOT receive lounge privileges. I couldn't care less, but if that matters to you, you are forewarned. As we checked in, all porters mysteriously vanished and rather than stand about in the tiny front hall while they found someone to help us, we brought our own…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to the standard of the Ritz,I booked for afternoon tea here for 1530 and was shown to our table by a female at the desk and we were left waiting at the table for 15 minutes before a waiter came along and asked us if we were being attended to. Considering you only get 90 minutes for £38.50 on a Saturday for the Waldorf tea experience (Tea sandwichews and cakes) I didnt think this was very good service. However the waiter who did attend to us was impeccably polite and attentive. First you are served with a plate of finger buffet style sandwiches which are made from different types of bread with various fillings. However the fillings are very sparse and not a lot of content. The tastes of the different breads was a pleasing experience. The tea was very tasty and our pots were replenished when they had been…,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Treat for my family ,"I almost rated this a 10 until I got to checkout! Last night I booked 2 rooms at this hotel, totaling to over £600+. On arrival all seemed well even though one of the rooms smelt like damp carpet, ( The King room). I had The Queen, a little disappointed that neither room had a bath which is what I was looking forward to most of all.  As we arrived late we had to make do with room service which was fairly quick and piping hot. Didn't really enjoy my shower as it's not the same as a good soak and I'm not a fan of the raindrop shower especially if you don't to get your hair wet and the shower caps didn't fit properly,but I made do.  Breakfast was wonderful just like last time I stayed. I was not impressed with the service I received at check out! I mentioned to the rude South…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel,good location,would go back","Well where do i start, the hotel was out of this world,service was great, meal was also great, we had a super 1 night stay but please remember you do pay for what you get, this hotel is great if you want to stay in 5 *",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A disappointing New Year's Eve,"We have stayed at the Hilton Waldorf many times and really like the hotel for its location and quality accommodation. We reserved our accommodation online requesting a King Hilton Executive non-smoking room in November. On arrival we were told that there were no non-smoking rooms available but a smoking room that had been thoroughly cleaned was being allocated as non-smoking over the busy period. We were not very happy but we were willing to look at the room. On entering the room,  both my husband and I could immediately detect that is was a smoking room and there was even an ash tray on the coffee table. We poned reception and told them we were not willing to accept this room and after waiting an age for a return phone call decided to return to reception. We were then allocated…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Memories,"I stayed at The Waldorf Hilton a long time ago when I was 18. The decor had changed obviously since my last visit, but the service was still impeccable. It was my husband's first visit and he commented that it was not at ""grand"" as he thought it would be. The staff are great, they seem as though they are happy in their work, and they want you to have a good time, nothing is too much trouble.The location is just perfect, just steps from Waterloo Bridge and amazing views of the ever changing London Skyline. It is only round the corner from Covent Garden, and Trafalgar Square is a short walk. The room we had was large, the bathroom was nice and big, the shower did not have great water pressure however. The decor of the room seemed a little old too, but this did not detract from our…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Average Executive Lounge","The Waldorf Hilton boasts a fantastic location close to the Waterloo Bridge and a short walk from Covent Garden. Both the exterior façade and interior décor are impressive and the staff are pleasantly accommodating. We stayed for two nights in a King Hilton Executive Plus room, which was a good size, well decorated and had a particularly lovely bathroom. Oddly, our room was not on the Executive floor, but this turned out to be in our favour as our room was on the fourth rather than first floor, which we definitely preferred.   I had noted on our booking that it was my husband's birthday and he was really pleased with the complimentary chocolate cake that greeted us upon arrival. It was a lovely touch and a welcome explanation for our room not being immediately ready when we…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"This was our second stay at the Waldorf and I would thoroughly recommend. Our first visit lead to a complaint about the noise emanating from the ballroom below and we were offered a return stay at a discounted rate. True to their word we were given an executive room plus and given access to the executive lounge. Our room was well appointed with huge bathroom, complimentary bottle of wine and delicious macaroons. The bed was enormous and extremely comfortable. The staff were polite and courteous and the check in quick and efficient. We also had a personal welcome from Leyla (guest relations manager). Nice touch. The executive lounge is real bonus and the hot scones delicious. The breakfast on Sunday morning was plentiful and with a good variety of options.  We had a great stay in…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel experience I have ever had,I decided to treat my wife to a valentines treat and stay at the Hilton Waldorf hotel in Aldwych London. Big Mistake. Never go to this hotel.  Despite paying over £300.00 for one nights stay the service was terrible. After our valentines dinner we headed back to our room only to find that both our electronic keys did not work. I headed back down to reception to complain only to find the night manager Mr Suflain Baig to complain too. He said the reason both my cards were blocked is that I hadn't signed a form and they didn't have my credit card details. Now anyone knows that you simply can not book a hotel room or get keys for a room without given them a credit card number. He angrily said that its the hotels policy and that i should go away as this wasn't a complaint. I replied…,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed here last minute on Friday night very surprised by the entrance lobby nothing special as the outside looks good checked in with no wait but wouldn't want to check in on a busy time no structure for queuing and small reception area elevators are also very small also I did ask at reception if they had toothbrushes in the room and was told they didn't but would get some sent to room,  the room it's self was very clean and quite spacious bed was comfy tea and coffee making bathroom very clean and nice shower, I then went out and when I was out I found a shop and purchased a toothbrush and toothpaste just as well I did because no toothbrush ever arrived  as I said I stayed at short notice and needed to charge my phone  I rang guest services and reception and nobody answered I…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton London: Mr. Hilton would be rolling in his grave,"Oh. My. God. I am part-way through a one week stay at The Waldorf Hilton London and completely shocked at how extraordinarily bad this property is. I'm here on points with my family - points that I earned by being a very loyal Hilton customer. As a member of the Diamond VIP level within Hilton Honors, I have probably stayed at at least 50 Hilton properties around the world; perhaps more. This takes the cake for 'worst Hilton EVER'. It started upon check-in, late last Friday night after a trans-Atlantic crossing. The receptionist (whose name is spelled something like Azul) was exceptionally rude. He gave me the registration papers to sign and said ""sign"". Quote. Unquote. Upon walking into my room I literally gagged - the room smelled like it had been previously accommodating a…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Valentines night,"Got to hotel by 3 pm great reception area very helpful staff we had a junior suite reserved but got a upgrade to executive suite ! ,room was awesome very nice layout my wife was impressed . Used the hotel as a base as we went to see the bodyguard which was only up the road ,we ate out so can't comment on restaurant but overall service was great there was a nice touch when we got back to the room in the evening we had some chocolates and drinks . The room was quiet even though we were on the front of the hotel ,we went for breakfast very good range very nice great service overall a great hotel would definitely stay again",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central Location,"Lobby:  small for a hotel of this caliber - can easily get crowded.   Our check-in was quick and efficient.  Elevators:  Small and a wait at times - the bell staff is trying to bring up luggage in the same elevators - maybe should consider a different elevator used by housekeeping, perhaps?  Room:  Upgraded to a slightly larger room at check-in.  Okay sized room - very quiet considering it faced the street.  Didn't hear much from the street and didn't hear anything in the rooms next to me.  In-room safe and free daily bottles of water (for being a Diamond Hilton member).  Bathroom:  No walk-in shower - instead a VERY big step into the tub - to the point where it is dangerous.  Not sure how anyone with slight mobility issues could safely get in an out.  Water pressure in shower…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointing,"I booked a room here last minute (via lastminute.com). On arrival, the wait for check in was quite lengthy. There was no queueing system in place and the reception area was a bit shambolic - no one really knew where the line started or ended.  Once I got to the desk, there was no record of my booking. Apparently they don't get lastminute.com bookings into their system at the weekend. Anyway, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful and it was all sorted.  I went to my room which was lovely, very comfortable bed and clean. Obviously done to a high standard. Oddly there are lots of plug sockets around the bed area, but none of them were British plug sockets! Meaning I had to use one which was right by the door outsdie the bathroom.  After being in the room for 30 mins…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,dont go for breakfast,"Breakfast service shamefully bad,stayed here previously and had wonderful service but this time probably the worse service i have had in 50+ years of staying in hotels!The supervisor and staff did not seem to have any idea of basic table service .All other aspects of the hotel were good",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Affordable Luxury,"My previous experience of the Waldorf had been limited to afternoon tea, when the opportunity arose, i was keen to find out what it would be like to stay there.  I was not disappointed - from first to last I felt like a highly valued guest, whose business was important to the hotel and to the staff who were both friendly and helpful. My room[free upgrade without my having to ask] was lovely, both warm and quiet, with an excellent desk area and very good lighting - essential for work.  Dinner was most enjoyable and the food [not the drinks which were a tad expensive] was reasonably priced.  Overall, I could not have been happier.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, questionable value for money",Excellent location. this is a nice enough hotel but offers questionable value for money. My expectations were very high knowing the iconic status of the Waldorf... but it was just a hotel at the end of the day.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"From the moment we arrived outside the Hotel to moment we had our car returned from the car park, we were made to feel special by all the staff we encountered. We will be staying at the Hilton again and have already recommended the Hotel to people.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad sorprise,I was waked up at 7:00 by a employee when a label of do not disturb was hundle. Bad quality-price relationship. Old bathroom. I would not go again. The only good think was the receptionist of the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and decent lounge,"I booked the stay earlier in the year at the pre-deval rates for a four night axon.   Was a great deal at the old redemption rates.   My flight into London got delayed over 12 hours, so I decided to stay a fifth night and the rate was very high but I didn't want to switch hotels for my final night.  Hotel location is great.  Just down the street from the Covent gardens underground which is on the Picadally line from LHR so it is less than an hour via the underground to the hotel without changing trains.  Area is very safe and near a few theaters and many restaurants and stores.  Lounge was nice.  They had tea and finger sandwiches in the afternoon and a two hour happy hour every night with a nice self service open bar with plenty of decent selections.    Breakfast was a…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,OK but expected more,"I have stayed here a couple of times when the rate was reasonable and my view is that there are nicer hotels in London for the money. There is little wrong with it but you are paying for the history of the hotel (for example I think the Westminster Hilton is fantastic and generally much cheaper).   The reception is a little small and the bar is tiny (although lots of interesting conversations going on there if you sit quietly with a drink!).   However, the rooms were pretty big for a London hotel with enough grandeur to ensure it wasn't just another Hilton.   Breakfasts were fine but again not particularly unusual for a hotel of this class. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed here for a birthday treat after a theatre visit in February. The location is fantastic! Easy walking distance to Covent Garden and theatre land, so a great atmosphere everywhere around.  The room was a good size for London hotels and it was clean and good quality as you would expect for a 5 star. The only thing which let it down for us was the very long wait we experienced for a drink in the cocktail bar, but I think this was just a blip as people around us did not have the same delay. I would definitely come again.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Does service actually exist here?,"2 executive plus rooms with all the quality of a 1 star. Hot breakfast was stone cold, environmental services would have closed the restaurant if they had seen it. Dont expect help getting in especially in the rain, the doorman will be inside and be careful with your luggage ours was dumped in the lobby. Don't try to shower before 4pm in the afternoon the hot water will be turned off it was in both of ours. If you charge anything in Good Godfreys bar be ready to be part of the entertainment, I was shouted after by name and told at full volume (mistakenly of course) that my credit was denied. Wifi didn't always work and general bad attitude just made the whole visit the worst since the sixties. Please don't pre request anything as you wont get it we didn't.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
4137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A touch disappointed,"Fabulous from the outside, lovely in reception, but distinctly average room on 8th floor.   As an expensive 'treat' option for the weekend, the Waldorf could benefit from an update to the rooms and some love and TLC injected into the beige. Despite being an adequate size, the decor felt cold, but also was lacking some attention to detail with finishing (grout etc), the tea cups were dusty, air conditioning unit old (the front fell off when we switched it on). Comfortable bed, but the noise from the wind outside sounded like constant thunder. Guessing the courtyard facing rooms are cursed with that one.  Good service, but let down by decor. Very pleasant meal in the restaurant.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"Fabulous hotel, great staff, wonderful atmosphere and great location. As a hilton Diamond Member we had a room upgrade and access to the executive lounge which was stunning. The location was so handy for everything. We had a great stay and will be back.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stop in London,The Waldorf is an outstanding hotel in London. The staff are very attentive and nothing is to much trouble. Whilst a stay is expensive for that special weekend its a must. I can recommend using the Executive Lounge during your staff which has an extra cost but worth the money and afternoon tea is really special,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Very Average Afternoon Tea Experience...........,"At £46.50 pp It's not the cheapest and certainly not the best. The service could have been better as could the sandwiches. Pre-made and chilled for some time, certainly not ""freshly made"" as the menu suggests. Poor and boring fillings and never enough for the 6 guests we had. The tea was okay but you get one pot and that's your lot, of course it goes cold before you can drink it and in all other hotels they've offered fresh tea top ups.............not at the Hilton ! The scones were nice and warm albeit pretty small and the selection of cakes very nice.  We ordered 2 bottles of champagne at £125 a bottle and despite having over half a bottle left in the ice bucket the waitress whipped all our glasses away and when we protested she actually though it was okay to try and suss from…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Conference Venue,"I spent two days here end of Jan 14 for a conference I had organised.  There were 11 of us altogether.    My room was okay, although the telly wasn’t working – I reported it to Reception but nobody turned up.  My only real (petty) bug-bear: was the huge pool of water on the bathroom floor after my shower.  I can never understand why this remains such a problem with most hotels.  It is a lovely hotel in a very convenient location, but in my opinion, probably not as posh as the name “Waldorf” suggests.  Friendly staff in the bar – I was sitting on my own – waiting for the rest of our group to join me, and feeling a little lost and vulnerable, but the staff were quite chatty and prevented me from getting bored.  Drinks were very expensive but to be expected.  Great (free) bar…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"We stayed two nights over a weekend in an executive room. The hotel is in a large period building so has long corridors with steps and would be a huge project to modernise. Our room was large and clean, also quiet and away from elevators. The reception area is dark and need refurbishment. We used the main restaurant and only waited a couple of minutes on both mornings to be seated. Good choice of breakfast food and tables cleared immediately. Very good although the room looks dated and needs refurbishment. The executive lounge is entered using your room key. The person on the lounge reception never acknowledged us and this is disappointing. The afternoon tea is excellent (sandwiches, cakes, scones with jam and cream, tea and coffee) and well worth the extra. The evening canapes…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break in Covent Garden,"Theatre Break in Covent Garden, seen Mama Mia next door 50M away, Guest Rooms on small side, very small for guests from across the pond ( yanks constantly complain ), Executive rooms not  much bigger. Very hot in hotel with english February winter outside, window open all night, bathroom window painted closed ( Waldorf ?) bathroom also compact, small bath, i have 1.9M baths at home. Power shower brilliant. Mattress & Pillows medium to hard, not my usual marsh-mellow bed, bed small, smaller quantities of tea/coffee in room, Breakfast brilliant, dinner better still, excellent -  300g steaks yanky size, brilliant. Next day we had afternoon tea which set us up for the evening, so missed dinner,  Overall a great stay, will return. Valet parking £50 day, plus the congestion charges,…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
4144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable visit,I stayed at the hotel on Saturday. I checked in & was allocated an executive room as booked. No details regarding the executive lounge or breakfast was divulged. The room was nice & comfortable...I did expect it to be a little larger. The executive lounge (which we found ourselves was busy & crowded).  On Sunday we went to the restaurant & had breakfast (I had to check that this was on the room cost?). This was pleasant. I felt that staff should have been more attentive given the hotels very well known reputation....it was enjoyable but could & should have been so much more....,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous on a Friday Night,"My daughter bought me a night at the Waldorf following We Will Rock You (see separate review) for Christmas and it was just what I needed after a long Christmas period.  On arrival at the hotel I felt a little intimidated but I needn't have worried - following a mix up with the booking (Deluxe non-smoking - only smoking available) the lovely receptionist, Amilton De Sousa, re-located us to a newly refurbished room on the first floor, threw in a free breakfast and drinks at the bar.  The room was just perfect, on the 5th floor so high up enough not to be troubled by the noise (we are in the West End so it's not going to be peaceful) it was large, spotlessly clean and very glamorous.  After a night at the theatre we took a leisurely stroll back through the West End to the hotel,…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expecting more,"With the price tag and the fancy facade, wre thought we were due to step into disney land or fairy land or somewhere really special, but were rather disappointed. There were some grotty tile grouts in our bathroom, which didn't go down well with the mrs either",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,My Niece and I visited for afternoon tea on a Friday afternoon.  The ambiance and surroundings of the Homage was really nice. We found that the staff could have been a little more attentive.  Service was fine once we could get their attention.  The sandwiches were nice but could maybe have been a little more adventurous.  It was nice that there was no issue in asking for the cheese and tomato sandwich to be replaced with something different as my dining companion and I both dislike tomato.  We started with a glass of prosecco and then had to ask for our tea to be brought out.  When the scones and cakes arrived it was a little disappointing that although there was a good selection there was only one of each type.  I would prefer two of each type so that it was easier to share the…,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No Surprises,"Tastefully updated hotel in a very good location. The rooms are slightly larger than usual for this class of hotel in London. Fixtures and fittings are good quality and bathrooms above average. The staff were generally very helpful, and housekeeping worked to a high standard but appeared to be over-stretched (our room was not cleaned until very late in the afternoon one day). Breakfasts were adequate, but waiter service was a little on the slow side. Overall, a great choice if you're visiting the UK's capital.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay in a Great Location,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for an overnight for a weekend in the Big City. Have to admit that choice was driven by me being able to use some of my HHonors points, but that doesn't influence my comments here.  The hotel has a great location - close to Theatreland, Trafalgar Square, National Gallery etc so can't really be faulted for that.  Check in was very good - no wait, with a very pleasant and efficient member of staff. We had been upgraded to a Standard Plus room (thanks to my HHonors membership level) and had to wait a little while for it to be ready, but were able to use the Executive Lounge. This was a bit small and busy, with cear-up of dirty cups etc a little slow, yet a reasonably comfortable place to chill out for a while. We spent a bit of time here while we…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"OK, but not really a five star","I've stayed at the Waldorf before, and knew what I was getting this time.  It's a good location in London's West End, but it's really still just a tourist hotel.   You pay extra for wi-fi, the service is pretty minimal,  the rooms are small, and the wall are pretty thin.  So while nothing is affirmatively bad, nothing is affirmatively good either.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"very nice hotel, good location would recommend",I stayed here for a few nights on a business trip. This was the first time I stayed in one of the new renovated rooms and it was very nice. The only negative was that I could not turn off the heated towel rail so the room was a bit warm.  The hotel is better suited for tourism rather than business although there is a London bus to city from outside.  The hotel is a few minutes walk to Covent Garden and the various theater and i managed to get tickets for a last minute show.  Overall would recommend.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,a traditional hotel,"this hotel was much better value than where we stayed in St Pancras. For the same price we had a traditional hotel with a large room and plenty of space for cases and hanging clothes . We had a queen hilton  room plus and chose an overlooking the courtyard room rather than the one overlooking the street which was offered as we did not want noise. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The bathroom was large, clean and fine but it had a bathtub - not a walk in shower which we would have preferred. The location was excellent for the theatre where we had booked and not too difficult to get to the major shopping areas.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superbe,"Right in the city centre, I tried this hotel for one of many business trips to London and will for sure return.  Perfect service, booked a junior suite which had a tiny stain somewhere on the carpet which I would never have noticed if the manager wouldnt have apologised for it in advance with a bottle of wine!  Friendly professional reception, business lounge a bit ""cold"", fit for purpose but could use some decoration. Ideal location in the city centre near different theaters.  Stayed at different Hiltons in London and this is definitely one of my favorite.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel and Staff,"This lovely hotel is in an ideal location for exploring London.   The staff couldn't be more helpful.  We arrived at the hotel before check-in time and were able to fill out the documentation and leave our bags, with the reception asking if we needed any help or directions on where to go.   We we arrived back after 3pm, our luggage had already been taken to the room, and we were able to go straight to the room, which was lovely, big, airy and clean. The beds were comfortable with additional pillows in the wardrobe. The bathroom had plentiful hot water and a powerful shower.   Breakfast was lovely, hot and a fantastic choice.   All in all would definately stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible service for a preventable accident...,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf for a friends birthday and this was going to be our first night off from the children for 6 months. The building is lovely and entrance acceptable. We checked in and the receptionist said we had a choice of rooms,one on the 7th and one on the 8th. I asked his opinion and he advised the 8th floor as it was quieter if we didn't mind the walk up stairs as lifts do not service this floor. We are both fit and able so not a problem.   We got to the room and was surprised the lobby area was tiled through to the bathroom as it seemed unusual. The decor of the bedroom was nice, if not small for the cost. However the bathroom blind had mould/blood/something on it. (Please see the pics). And again the reception common sense was not applied, as the shower…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
4156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,best bed ever ?,"The only problem with staying here is that I now want to buy the same type of bed! They're so comfortable. The staff were very friendly, helpful without being 'in your face'. Breakfast was delicious, the smoked salmon and scrambled egg particularly good. The pool was very good and virtually empty - the only down side is there's no lockable lockers unless you bring your own padlock. I'd intended to go out in the evening but I got delayed watching TV in the bath! I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,Have stayed here twice in the last 12 months. Basically everything works. You have a pretty good idea of what you are going to get at a Hilton. The standards are very good.The concierge staff are very helpful and I cant praise them enough. There's a good gym and pool in the basement. The location is terrific being close to the West End and only short walk to the City or shopping districts. Having  stayed at many hotels in London over the years there are not many I return to. This one remains on my short list for visits to London.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,one night in London,"Location great for shows and theatres. Service from the minute we arrived to check out was very good. Food in their exclusive restaurant was very high quality. Bar service good albeit expensive which is what you would expect in a hotel in London. Some great bars around the hotel and in covent garden.  If you want valet parking you will need to park on the double yellows outside the hotel, run in and get the doorman to come out where your details are taken.  It can be confusing and we drove around the building to make sure before speaking with an employee at the back of the building who was helpful in explaining.  We had an exec plus room on the 7th floor with small portholes as windows? It was a large room but dark. The bathroom desperately needs modernising and the floor boards…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Long day....,"After a long day of travel delays we were relieved to finally arrive at our destination.  We checked in and went to our room only to find a twin room rather than a double which had been booked. On contacting reception we were offered a smoking double room as no non smoking rooms available.  Bearing in mind the reservation was made 3 months in advance and a double non smoking was booked we felt this was unacceptable. Our room was finally changed to what had been booked however room was extremely dusty and below the standard we would expect to see, especially for a Hilton....",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Decant choice for the theatre district,This hotel is situated minutes away from theaters and restaurants - very courteous staff and clean accommodation. The room was small and the shower could have been better  - the slope of the step in/out space (right below the shower door) was poorly designed so there was water in the bathroom floor after I took a shower.,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but hotel past it's prime,"Going to the theatre this hotel is very well placed, 1 minute walk, sadly the rooms in the hotel let it down. No ironing board in the room and trouser press broken, toilet roll holder broken, bathroom window either locked or broken. Staff are polite and friendly but I expect more from a 5 star hotel with a 5 star price.  I will be be attending London again with my family in the near future and won't be going back to The Waldorf.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,amazing,all I can say is amazing what a fantasic trip and got treated like royals! thank u we shall be back in the summer. the staff were amazing from the moment we walked in the doors we were greeted by a young friendly gent who took our bags to our room!  reception and the food was fantastic.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in central London great for theatres,If you are looking for a hotel central to the theatres ( we were watching Lion King at the Lyceum ) then its a great choice .. Coming to London from the South West we drove to Hounslow West station where you can park from Friday until Sunday for £5.00 !!! just be carfeul to park away from the area that they hold the car boot sales on Sat & Sun .. took the 45 min tube to Covent Garden at £11.00 for the two of us ..and 5 min walk  from the station to the Hotel  It is certainly not a cheap hotel  but I booked on line using Hilton Honours and managed to get a discount and breakfast included.. Check in was quick and efficient .. the rooms were spotless and and a reasonable size for London .. I was happy that there was free internet  this is something that is too often an unecessary…,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,always a perfect stay,"I have stayed several times in the Waldorf Hilton hotel in London, which has become one of my favorite hotels in London.  I'm a business traveler, and I often travel to London. To me the Waldorf Hilton represents one of the best choices (if not the best) for the following reasons:  - Perfect location in the heart of Covent Garden, surrounded by multiple restaurants and theaters, and in a walk-in distance of many of the city touristic attractions.  - Even though it seems to be an old historic building, rooms are fully renovated and silent, you won't hear any noise so you can always have a perfect sleep. - Excellent gym and swimming pool facilities - Hotel staff is  friendly and service is excellent in all the areas, specially in reception, concierge and breakfast.  To sum up, I…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay during the new year,"My husband and I stayed for a single night early in January. It was the first time I had stayed in Central London and on entering the hotel it seemed very grand. At reception it was not so good. We were told we were not entitled to breakfast and luckily I had the paperwork to prove we were so that was ok. Our room was lovely as was the ensuite bathroom. The bed was good, quite comfy. We were in London to meet up with some American friends who were also staying. Unfortunately they over charged us for the room which, after the mix up with the breakfast, was a shame they did not get that right either. Breakfast by the way,  was gorgeous and well worth paying the extra money for, even at their prices!!",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing stay,"Stayed here for a night recently and as an expensive and five star hotel we would have expected much better service. Location is very good and you can access many of the shows as they are on your door step. Room was not the biggest in the world but as your in London they are probably small unless you wanted to upgrade! Had a meal in the restaurant but we had to send the main meals back as they were not done correctly! Service not up to scratch.  Went to the bar and were told at 1.30 that the bar was closing and that there was no residents bar! We witnessed many people coming in over the next half hour expecting to be served but were shocked when told it was closed. Breakfast was poor, while we waited in the queue for a table the person taking the room numbers and informed us…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegantly british,"With covent garden around the corner and the many theatres dotted nearby this hotels location is second to none. Concierge at this hotel is one of the best I have ever experienced.  Upon arrival our room was not ready so we headed to the bar for lunch which was delightful, club sandwiches and drinks. The room was worth the wait. We were in a deluxe twin plus room which was very tastefully decorated and incredibly spacious.  There were people in rooms near to us and we did not hear anyone in the corridor whilst in our room and neither did we hear any traffic noise.  The beds were extremely comfortable and we had a double bed each.  Breakfast was served in the most elegant room with a good selection to choose from.  The English breakfast tea was a perfect start to our day of…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel Ever,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in November 2013. I can only say that the service was second to none, from front desk to concierge assistance. Nadir arranged our booking which proved to be an outstanding stay and if there were more stars available I would select every one. Please do not hesitate to visit this Hotel in order to experience a wonderful & most enjoyable stay in our capital city. ",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First stop of our honeymoon! ,"Terrible that I'm getting around to this review a few years later, but this is a beautiful hotel! We used the last of our hilton points before we went to marriott points and it was lovely. They upgraded us to a huge suite (extra huge by London standards). We had heated towel racks in the bathroom (loved that), access to the concierge lounge and afternoon tea and snacks. Bed was extra comfy, we had a sitting area. Highly recommend!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,recent stay,Always stay at the Waldorf as service and location are perfect. Great for exploring theatre land and Covent garden. Also surrounded by great bars and restaurants. The staff are always friendly and the service is excellent.,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable beds, relatively quiet for Central London","Warm friendly reception, porter, and concierge, comfortable beds, clean rooms, central location for Theatre district and Soho, what more can you ask? We upgraded to executive which included access to the executive lounge; this is a real haven, calm, peaceful, with friendly attentive but not in your face staff. We were out so did not enjoy the complimentary afternoon tea, but if the standard is similar to the canapés and drinks served later as well as the breakfast in the morning, then it will be a lovely treat.  This is our third stay here and recommend highly.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"First of all, I am a Hilton fan but this hotel exceeded my expectations. The location is perfect and walking distance to Covent Garden, theater and many other tourist destinations. Our room was a tad small but the norm for London. The hotel has several lounge areas so we spent zero time in our room. Staff were polite, professional but very friendly. Food was excellent and I would recommend upgrading to the concierge level.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Such a good location for the theatre district,"Walking distance to Covent Garden and the Savoy, short walk or taxi ride to all theatres. Staff were fantastic and they do have a lovely bar and impressive dining area. My only criticism is the mundane, all too common repetitive music that is played in the bar, sadly like many hotel bars nowadays. It's London! We can do better than that with nice background music. Blues or jazz would be better.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ronnie Scotts weekend away,"Popped down to London to listen to some Jaaaazzz. Stayed at the Waldorf for a treat. Drove into town and gave the chap our keys, checked in and got a free  upgrade as it was my wife's birthday for free, I think this meant we got a street view, but hey its a bonus ! We have excellent service throughout. Nice room, helpful staff, excellent breakfast in be.  Next time im in London its the Waldorf for me, great location by the way.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lucky me,"I stayed here on business in August 2013.  From check in onwards it was a great experience.  I had a basic room I guess, but it was quite big for Central London.  Extremely comfortable bed and big TV.  Nice little bathroom.  Very clean and quite a luxurious feel.  I only ate breakfast and I'm glad it was included in my rate as it was about £20 if not.  Lots of delicious choice.  Thus is a great location, very close to Covent Garden.  If I was going to London with my wife I would book in here. Incidentally, close to the Thames - nice running on the embankment, both sides.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotel where I've ever been,"Really one of the best hotel where I've ever been! Nice interior, friendly, efficient and professional staff, clean and nice rooms and excellent breakfast. What else we need from a hotel! Liked thisplace so  much!Next t ime at London we will try to take a room at the same hotel.  And a special thanks to the reception staff for all their help! We will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful iconic hotel,"Beautiful hotel, very helpful staff. made to feel special. room was large, had everything we needed. very close to all theatres and covent garden. Only think that was not good was the pool facilities.. Not owned by the hotel but still advertised as their facilities. pool was cold and walkway from changing area cold, cracked tikes. Despite this it did not spoil our stay at this beautiful hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel !!,"We recently enjoyed an overnight stay at the Waldorf Hilton and absolutely loved it. The service was impeccable from the doorman who greeted us and took our bags, the receptionist and all the staff we came in contact with.  It is definately worth upgrading to an Executive room, no only are the rooms lovely and spacious but the executive lounge alone is worth the extra money. We arrived in the afternoon so we received a complimentary  afternoon tea of sandwiches, cakes and scones with jam and clotted cream. Before going out for dinner we received complimentary drinks and hors d'oeuvres and the following morning a breakfast. It was supposed to just be a continental breakfast but there were scrambled eggs, bacon and sausages too. All in all very good value for money. A thoroughly…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in the heart of London,Satisfactory hotel with good staff. If you are Hilton Gold member you will not receive an upgrade to the Executive Lounge unlike most other Hilton properties.  Location is ideal since it is close to all tourist attractions in the city of London.  At least 2 tube stations are within walking distance of the hotel.   Staff is quite friendly and helpful.   Overall stay was comfortable.,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable rooms in excellent location,The bed was extremely comfortable and the windows opened to let in fresh air. The bathroom was a bit dated but had everything that was needed. Breakfast was in the lovely original room and although the orange juice did not taste as if it had ever been near an orange it was otherwise fine. But this is expensive and should be perfect.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"The hotel location is great, very near to some of the theatres. Room is comfortable and clean and the staff are friendly and very pleasant. The area is within walking distances to train stations and to Covent Garden and the river thames.   The breakfast spread is good and very nice restaurant setting.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel smack in the middle of Theatreland,"This hotel is very conveniently located for all of the west-end theatres. The hotel is sumptious, from the first welcome of the doorman in his finest, complete with hat, throughout all of the public areas and dining rooms and bars of the hotel. The decor is beautiful and very tasteful. The food was excellent. The breakfast was a hot and cold buffet and there was plenty of choice. The room was small but you're not there to spend time in your room. The room and bathroom however were maticulously clean and well maintained. I couldn't fault this hotel at all and I would highly recommend it to anyone, especially if you are going to one of the nearby theatres. The nightlife around here is also excellent.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Quality Hotel in Great Location,"Had a very pleasant 3 nights in the Hilton Waldorf whilst in transit. We made use of the executive floor which I would recommend to anyone as the quality of the food and drink was excellent and our breakfast was included. The room was spacious and well appointed, as you would expect from this brand. The staff were helpful and friendly without being overbearing. The hotel is very well situated as it is only a few minutes walk from Shaftsbury Avenue Theatres and Covent Garden. The whole area is full of great bars and restaurants. We never made use of the pool, but it looked great.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Will be back soon!!,"Myself and my sister stayed only for one night, and were running in and out all day. Even so, everytime we arrived back the door man and concierge were firendly, funny and polite. Definitely worth the visit just for the friendliness of the staff! ",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, quality hotel, not really distinctive","Location I thought it was a great location. My friends who go to London a lot prefer to be in the Hyde Park or Mayfair areas. If you're going to the main tourist attractions -- Big Ben, Westminster, Tower of London, Buckingham Palace, etc. Then this is a perfect location right in the middle of the action.  Getting Around There is a hop on hop off bus stop adjacent to the hotel. So you walk out the door, turn right and walk 20 steps. Taxis are plentiful. I took the tube to get around, but not directly from the hotel. If you take the Gatwick express to Victoria Station, it's a short, cheap cab ride to the hotel.  Entrance When you alight from the cab you will be faced with about 10 stairs. Did not immediately see a doorman, bellman or ramp, but someone ran out to help once we…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,review of afternoon tea,"Never again is all I can say, staff on entering the hotel, disinterested in fact were texting on their mobile phones. Restaurant staff very courteous though. The afternoon tea, where do I start, just dreadful, cold cakes, some inedible, we left the majority of it,the sandwiches were very average and the price, £30 ahead I could have had a better afternoon tea in Starbucks!",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"I visited on the 14th December as a Christmas treat with my Mum and Daughter . As it was Christmas we were charged an extra £5 ahead ,  for what I'm not sure ?? Certainly not for  the Christmas decorations ( odd wreath on the doors ) or maybe the Christmas cracker ! The staff were not very attentive and there wasn't any Christmasy atmosphere .  It was a very disappointing visit and we would not return or recommend !!!  ",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Excellent room, number 640. View of the Royal Opera House from the bedroom window. Room ticked all the boxes for comfort and style. Walk in wardrobe which held iron and board, trouser press, facilities and supplies for tea or coffee. Stocked fridge which could be emptied if you needed to use as it stood.   Covent Garden round the corner and close to theater's, two were on the corners of the hotel. If you didn't want to use taxi's a bus stop is outside the main entrance.  Breakfast is great value for money and the afternoon tea (or coffee) is a great treat. The staff were very friendly, they always had a smile for everyone.  Hope to return soon.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This Hotel is Not What You Would Expect....and I Don't Mean in a Good Way,"I am writing this review to hopefully save other travelers from spending a great deal of money for what they think is going to be a luxury hotel. I have honestly stayed in Best Westerns that were nicer, cleaner and better run. The rooms were old, moldy and I would even say dirty. If I were paying for a 2 star hotel I would keep my mouth shut as I knew what I was paying for and getting for the price. I think it is terrible for unsuspecting visitors who think because of the name and amount of money that they are spending that they are getting an actual 4 star hotel. This would not even be on par with what I would consider a regular Hilton hotel in the United States. The location and the bar staff were the only plus. Stayed 6 days and wished I had picked another hotel. Hopefully…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
4190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location , Great stay","Stayed for 1 night on Dec 30th We arrived ealry - 10.30am as we had an ealry lunch booked South of the river. I was not expecting to get in the room - the staff were great & said we could wait & get into the room by 11.30. We declined & left our bags safely to check in later on. The offer of getting in early was a nice one considering they were very busy. We got back to the hotel around 15.30 & were told we had been upgraded to a suite. It really made our stay special & the room was fantastic. Breakfast was a bit dissapointing for a 5 star - but ok We had a cocktail around Midnight - service was a bit slow - but we were in no rush. The staff were all great , very helpful & friendly & the room was fantastic Great central location & perfect for the Theatres",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for Covent Garden area,Very comfortable hotel -friendly staff-well trained-in perfect location for visiting Royal Opera House/Savoy Hotel for afternoon tea/Covent Garden itself -spacious rooms/relaxing atmosphere-breakfast -lots choice -spacious dining room with old world charm,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Subpar,"We were in Europe for 2 weeks and began our trip here at the Waldorf Hilton.  This hotel was twice the price of the other four hotels we stayed at while in Europe and was by far the worst of them too. Our room was on the 8th floor, but the elevator (which is very slow) only goes to the 7th floor.  The hallways are unbelievably old and in need of an update.  The room itself was fine, quiet and comfortable, but not worth the price of the room. The person at check-in was very nice, although our room was not ready when we arrived. The concierges, on the other hand, were not very friendly or helpful. We did have breakfast at the hotel and that was very nice.  The hotel location was good (pretty close to a couple of tube lines).  We loved London and want to return, but when we do we…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"If you want to feel special and receive excellent service, this is the hotel for you. Not only is it perfectly situated in the heart of theatre land and within walking distance of central London, but the rooms are clean, comfortable and beautifully styled with controllable heating and air conditioning (we visited once on a hot summer's day and once in January, so both were most welcomed). The breakfast is the best we've had at any hotel and the restaurant food delicious, but be aware that you will be paying quite highly for drinks - even teas and coffees - as befits a place of this quality. However, the staff are, without exception, efficient, helpful and friendly. The room we had on our first visit was very quiet, but on the second visit our room was situated outside the lift…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"same old, same old","It is in a good location, pretty hotel.  Totally lacked any charm.  Of ally the cute hotels in London, it was the same old thing.  Very nice and updated, but so large wasn't my favorite.  If you like that large corporate thing, then it wold be a great choice.  Room aaas largest of the three we stayed in on this trip.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,STAY AT THE SAVOY INSTEAD,"This was one of the WORST Hotel values we have seen in a long time.  Utilizing the Waldorf Brand, we were suckered into paying over $400 day each for two rooms that were the size of a double bed. Think small, think VERY small. From beds, to closets to bathtubs to complete lack of space to even unpack the suitcases( We didn't even have room to put the suitcases IN the room.). Spotty maid service, A/C that didn't work  AND the food was terrible, the restaurant service poor and the pricing verged on outright thievery. And the pricing in the bar was worse. $20+ cocktails. We are not usually that picky or complainers, but this place is a disgrace.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
4196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our London home...,"This was our second time staying at the hotel on the run up to Christmas as each year we fly into the UK and choose to visit London for a few days and the Waldorf is perfect for so many reasons! Not only is the location exceptional, you can walk round the corner to covent garden as I did each morning to a yoga class taking me just 5mins. All the local shops and cafes are just right there, you are set in the heart of theatre land to enjoy a show, walk down to the Thames, Trafalgar Square, buckingham palace but the hotel is also great value for money with cosy rooms, helpful and attentive staff and always a great breakfast.   We simply love it and wouldnt choose to stay anywhere else in London, we'll return again this year on our way home!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, comfortable hotel, not cheap though","We stayed at this hotel for one night in London while attending a work dinner.  The location is great, with easy walking distance to Covent Garden, theatres, restaurants etc.  Although the streets around the hotel are noisy our room was very quiet and we slept very well.  The included breakfast was up to the standard you would expect from this price point and the building is beautiful, although our room wasn't very roomy.  The staff were courteous and helpful too.  All in a great experience.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for the theatre,"We stayed in a basic room and paid a reduced price as corporate members. The room was well appointed, good sized bathroom and the usual toiletries. The only let down was the metal tea cups - very bizarre! Great service from reception and we were able to leave luggage for the day.   I would visit again, thank you. ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and great hotel,"Only stayed one night but this hotel is in the heart of the theatre district in the center of everything.  A short 10 minute or so trek to the tube.  I may be a bit critical but the doorman seemed to only be out front when he wanted to be.    Although not needed I thought that a bit odd.  The check in is EXACTLY at 1500 I found out.  For I checked my bags early in the day and came back at approx. 1430 and was told politely I needed to wait til 3.  When I checked in it was efficient.  I was thanked for being a Hilton Diamond and sent off to my room.  The room was very large.  One problem.  It was a first floor room and my view was the heating and HVAC units.  The room was very clean, the concierge delivered my bags with expediency and I slept well. Overall an enjoyable night stay…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great theatre break in London,"We had a great break in London and stayed at the Waldorf. I'd used the bar there a couple of times and liked it. Overall the hotel was in very good condition, very well appointed throughout. Perfectly quiet for a good night's sleep and all the staff we met were very good from check in to check out, bar staff, bell man and doorman. An excellent hotel and well positioned for Covent Garden and a short walk from the west end shopping.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
4201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Yet another fantastic stay,We are regular visitors to the Waldorf Hilton & it's our favourite place to stay in the capital. We have tried other properties but none come near to this.  Check-in was seamless & we were soon on our way to our room. We booked 2 nights in a basic room on HHonors points & were allocated a Queen Deluxe Plus on the 4th floor which was very spacious with a fantastic bathroom - a big thank you to Mette Olsen & her team! We overlooked the Aldwych (front of Hotel) but there was no noise from the road. There was a lovely chocolate cake in the room as we were celebrating my wife's birthday.   We visited the exec lounge on both nights & it was pretty full (it can get too busy at peak times) but the drinks & canapés from 6pm to 8pm were just fine. I do think that they should not allow…,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant afternoon tea,"We had champagne afternoon tea here & we thoroughly enjoyed it all! It all tasted delicious,  the staff were very friendly & attentive, beautiful surroundings & the harp finished it off nicely. We were a little bit disappointed having to cut the cakes in half as there was only 1 of each (but we had equal sandwiches & scones) but the extra chocolate that came with happy birthday on the plate with a chorus of happy birthday from our waitress was a welcome surprise & treat! ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst value for money,I stayed in a number of hotels during this trip to the UK. By far this was the worst value for money experience I had. I am very disappointed. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone. I have not stayed a Hilton hotels before but if this is the standard of the group then I do not plan too.,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
4204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,New Year's Eve Treat,"Enjoyed a very comfortable stay on New Year's Eve at The Waldorf.  Reception staff was very efficient and friendly, as were all the staff.  Our room had all the facilities you would expect of a hotel of this calibre.  The breakfast choice was extensive and buffet style or cooked to order for specialities, very enjoyable and relaxing.  We fully intend to revisit for an afternoon tea as the ballroom looked stunning. We were made to feel that anything we requested would be provided without any fuss. All the above coupled with an excellent location make this an ideal London venue.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fantastic five nights at the Waldorf Hilton.,My husband and I have just spent five fantastic nights at the Waldorf Hilton where we were upgraded to a king executive room upon arrival. The room itself was very large and well appointed with a large bathroom complete with rain shower  and a separate large bath.  After long days exploring London it was lovely and relaxing to be able to use the Executive club room where you could meet up with fellow travellers and discuss the days outings etc. Plenty of food and complimentary drinks etc. We found the location of the Waldorf perfect for our needs as we went to several shows . We certainly hope to return to the Waldorf Hilton in the near future. I,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good for afternoon tea,"Booked a deal for afternoon tea through another website as a New Year's Day treat. Wasn't impressed with the communal areas for a 5 star hotel but the tea lounge was lovely. The harpist was a nice surprise and the staff were all very attentive. The tea itself was very good. They went to the trouble of giving me vegetarian sandwiches and changed my husband's tea as he didn't like his initial choice. The cakes were particularly delicious, although they gave us an odd number of them, which is irritating when there are 2 people sharing. Oh and the fine china was beautiful! ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel,Had a great night on the 28th of dec...room was great(room 809)..great views and a good size.staff were pleasant and breakfast was nice in the lovely ballroom.the location was faultless..can't wait to come back again..,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location!","A great hotel name, an historical buildign but above all an excellent location! Is it worthy the price? Not 100% sure : rooms could be larger,the lobby is really small compared to the size of the hotel, but the staff is really helpfull and the Concierge service excellent! The gym and pool are rather disappointing and the hours really restricted during week-end (from 9 am to 6 pm), but the location is unbeatable in the heart of Theatre District (Covent Garden), next to Trafalgar Square and many attractions & museums, with excellent 24 hrs bus services to most parts of London... All this makes it a good choice for visiting London in a very comfortable hotel...",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Second New Year firework stay,This was a repeat of last year and went so smoothly! Given an Executive Room with lounge access - a little busy on NY eve but what do you expect? Soon became quieter and great service. Room clean and bright with large bath and rain shower. Breakfast extensive and probably one of best we've had at a Hilton.  Location great for London and fireworks.  Overall cannot fault this hotel!,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Have stayed here many times,"I have stayed at the Waldorf London, many times.  I have seen it progress through a very lengthy and at times problematic renovation (fire alarms, non working elevators, etc).  Those times have now passed, and the most recent visits have been good.  You can't beat the location and the service is usually very good.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The service is just terrible!,"I have stayed here for 2 nights, one night each time, one week apart (23/12 and tonight 30/12). The service is so disorganised it is incredible: as a HHonors Gold member I requested a late check out and was told I could have one. When I returned to the hotel 1/2 hour before the end of my extended stay, I received a call in my room. I was told: ""don't touch the wine, it is for the guest who has been waiting for their room for the last 3 hours!""  Tonight, I called for some bottled water which HHonors Gold member normally receive. 20 minutes later, a housekeeper bashed on the door, handed me a door stop and slammed the door shut! There are lots of inexperienced staff here who clearly need a General Manager who is willing to be more hands on. The location is brilliant but I will not…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient comfortable hotel in Central London,"My daughter & I stayed here for one night at the beginning of December. We were in town for a Xmas shopping weekend and to see the Isabella Blow exhibition at Somerset House. This hotel is perfectly positioned for Somerset House, theatres around Shaftesbury Avenue and Covent Garden.  There is a comfortable lounge area just inside the main entrance which serves a wonderful range of cocktails, so perfect for two girls on the town. Our twin room was very spacious with a large bathroom - quite a premium in Central London hotels. Despite being opposite the lift(!) the room was quiet and we had a restful night's sleep. We chose not to include breakfast as we like Tom's Deli in Somerset House. This worked well for us as we went straight on to the exhibition from there. Would recommend…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classic Old World,This is a beautiful hotel in the middle of everything in London.  You can walk to most of the main attractions.  The room was large and newly renovated.  The lobby and bar area were very comfortable.  The breakfast was very tasty and always served with a smile.  I love the Peter Thomas Roth products for the bath that Hilton uses.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London shopping and dinner,"Everything is right about this hotel! History, grandeur, lovely staff, renovated rooms, great air con, fab gym, beautiful exec club ... I could go on and on. I was a bit nervous when booking as London hotels can be hit and miss (we missed last year at The Trafalgar) - but we loved the Waldorf Hilton. Above all you really notice the terrific team - from the doorman, to reception to the exec club staff. Wonderful! ",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Opulence, Elegance and Theatres","The central location of this iconic hotel is reason enough to choose it, but add to this the service, the well appointed rooms and the attentive nature of the staff. Abracadabra let the fun begin! Sure the hotel shows its age in some places, but what would you say ""those Pyramids are looking dated"" All the sights of London, most in walking distance and the comfort of a great hotel with attentive staff and great cuisine! Plus theatres galore all around you Well done Hilton. ",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, way too small lounge","The location is great, in walking distance of covent garden, with plenty of theaters, Bars , Restaurant in the vicinity.  We arrived early and the room was not ready, no problem check is at 3 pm. The room was of a good size, with a bathroom big enough. it was very quiet as it was facing a courtyard. The room was never cleaned before 4 pm quiet annoying when back early.   The lounge is way to small or they have they sell too many ""executive"" rooms. For breakfast it's fine but for cocktail hour it is so full that many people have to stand and many cannot even find a place. That is not acceptable when you sell a ""club"" access . The buffet in the main breakfast room has many choices but it also get crowded and we had to wait for a table, not a big problem but it feels more like a…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Century old Hotel in Middle of top tourist attractions,"Well maintained property on Aldwych. Attentive staff at door and well informed Concierge.Central to everything you visit London to see. Theaters and historic restaurants, Covent Garden,all around the hotel. National Portrait Gallery/Trafalgar Square within a mile. Westminster area a 20 minute walk. Large sized rooms(for Europe). Bathrooms are not of this decade but very clean. Club Level is worth the upgrade with great breakfast and free Cocktail service . Visited twice this year and will continue to do so. Dining room visually impressive.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shambles,"This hotel is by far the worst I've ever stayed at!  Given the ""Hilton"" name I was expecting great things. As a birthday treat, my wife booked this hotel as part of our stay in London. The great selling point about this hotel is its location. Perfect if you want to be near theatres or Covent Garden or, as it were for us, The Savoy Grill. My wife didn't realise when booking the hotel doesn't offer parking. Before we left I checked the website of the hotel for directions. They clearly state that overnight parking was available for £25. When we arrived at the hotel, I asked a lady where I could park. I was clearly judged by the clothes I was wearing as it would appear perhaps I didn't meet their standard of customer. Once I put a suit on, that perception changed! So when I asked…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and helpful staff,"Stayed for 3 nights from 20 December in 3 rooms.  As this was as special we did not expect to get the best rooms but we had a huge amount of luggage as we had been travelling for a few weeks so it was not great to be located on the 8th floor - when the lift only goes to 7!  You have to walk up from the 7th floor and the ceilings are pretty low and corridors narrower than elsewhere in the hotel. Rooms were fine, clean and comfortable but stand in the bath to shower which was not great for the older people in our party.  In 2 rooms there were no drawers - only hanging space and that was limited due to half the wardrobe being taken up by the mini bar and kettle for tea/coffee.  The lack of drawer space meant we could not fully unpack - only hang our clothes. The staff were all…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hugely disappointed,"Hugely disappointed with this hotel. After checking out and paying our room service bill, this hotel charged our credit card for the same bill twice. When we rung to dispute this, no one apologized but said they would refund in 3-5 business days. Now upon checking our card again, the hotel charged us AGAIN!!! Over £500 has now been wrongfully charged and no one can help today as it's boxing day. We are currently over here on holiday and have now been left with no money for the remainder of the holiday.  Absolutely shocked with the lack of service and we will be putting in a formal complaint.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
4221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awful Christmas meal ,"Our experience eating Christmas lunch at the Waldorf was bad enough to mean that I would prefer not to eat there again.   So, we decided to have a Christmas lunch in town and walk around central London on Christmas day. Since we did this last minute our choices were limited, we choose The Waldorf as I remembered it having a fine restaurant from a few years ago.   They required prepayment, of a reassuringly large amount for a Christmas lunch. The actual experience though left much to be desired.   An extra room was set with cheap tables and chairs especially for lunch. The service was courteous but we had to ask and remind the waiters several times to serve us. All this would have been forgiven (it being Christmas) if the food had delivered. It didn't. I was reminded of airport…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
4222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theater,"Great hotel up to Hilton standards. The staff were great, which for me weighs heavily on a review. Anytime I had questions I received helpful responses. I was made to feel that my comfortable stay was important.   The only issue I had was with the executive lounge. At night during the cocktail hour it was so crowded that there was nowhere to sit or stand. I ended up sitting in the hotel bar paying £30 for wine that should have been complimentary in the exec lounge. Breakfast in the morning was good though. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"This is our favorite hotel in London.  The service is always stellar.  On our recent stay, we were not happy with our room, and Sufian insisted that we accept an upgrade to a beautiful, large suite.  He responded to our complaint promptly and helped us feel like our satisfaction matters.  Thank-you to Sufian and the entire staff at the Waldorf Hilton for another great stay!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location but I was expecting more!,"Don't get me wrong, nothing wrong with the hotel and the location is amazing, in the heart of theatre land nd covent garden. Our room cost £229 for one night, we were offered an upgrade for £30 and as a treat we said yes why not. I honestly can't imagine what the previous room would have been ,as the upgraded room was small and very basic, though nicely decorated. There were a few scuffs on the wall and the hotel is lovely but I wanted to love it, but found out wondering where money went. Bed was comfy, shower hot and powerful once it got going, valet parking worked well, perhaps 3 stars is harsh but I wanted the wow experience, and went home feeling slightly disappointed. ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Professional,friendly- ideally located, plus a good nights sleep in central London.","We stayed here overnight for a theatre trip, the staff were very courteous, friendly and efficient. Although we had a front facing room it was very quiet and we slept soundly. The bathroom was large and well appointed.  The hotel is spotless and the breakfast selection was wide and varied. We will certainly revisit and also recommend the Waldorf Hilton",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wish there were more than 5 stars,"On a recent visit to the waldorf hilton in London I realised that there should be a 5+ rating ... it defines high class!  From the second you walk through the doors through every moment of your stay; there is a dedicated member of staff to cater to all your needs.  Extremely clean, comfortable and cosy. Close to most attractions in London and has delicious food.   For people who like the finer things and attention to detail then this is your place to stay. ",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great service but tired décor,"The location, staff and service was all excellent and what you'd expect from a hotel in this price bracket, however the décor and furnishings are all very tired and in need of refurbishment.  The lobby is dim and drab and the fabric on the chairs are threadbare and worn, so for the amount of money paid we felt a little let down in that it wasn't the luxury experience we expected.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location but...,"Ideal stay for theatre or Covent Garden - genuinely no more than a couple of minutes stroll (in high heels). Very nice hotel and staff absolutely charming. BUT understand that this hotel is in central city, so expect the environment to be busy. That is one of the charms of staying right in the heart of a metropolis. If you are prepared for that you will be delighted.  The rooms are large by London standards, with robes, full size bath and tea/coffee facilities.  We would be happy to stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Champagne Christmas Afternoon Tea,"Very very disapointed.  Booking was made and the hotel were informed in writing it was for a special birthday treat for my daughter. Service was minimal.  The harpist left after 15 minutes. 1 glass of champagne, no refill of the tea. 4 tiny finger sandwiches then we  waited more than 15 minutes for the cake stand to arrive and with no birthday acknowledgement. All of the staff were too busy setting up for the evening sitting. The one glass of champagne was nearly tipped over by a waiter squeezing himself between our table to lay the table next to ours. There was no atmoshphere as there was not even background music,not that we could of heard it with the clatter of cutlery and ice buckets, tables, chairs, table cloths on the move.  The cracker on the table was the only Xmas…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor from start to finish,"I don't usually write these reviews but I really had such a poor experience here and was so disappointed.  Coming to the hotel for an evening event anyway, a girl friend and I decided to get a suite for the night to avoid taxis home and to have a treat.  In a nutshell : - Arrived and my friend had already checked in so I tried to check in as well (the room was under both of our names), I showed a form of I.D. and they still made her come all the way downstairs to identify me when I asked if they could just call her. - They insisted on taking my luggage for me (a small holdall and my ball gown for that evening). - I went to the room and 20minutes later, still no luggage.  30 minutes... I call down and get the reply ""It's already there, you've got it."".... errr no I haven't.  I…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea with Entertainment,"Didn't stay here, but took afternoon tea with friends pre-Xmas when the cast of Mamma Mia from the adjacent Theatre visited and performed Carols in the Palm Court area. This was a great experience. It was a charity fundraiser for Barnado's and the cast of The Bodyguard were also in the audience.  Not cheap, but very enjoyable.  Thought the service charge was over the top for tea and sarnies though!!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mr matthewman,Awesome I know the hotel is old but it was Fantastic we stayed last year and you could do the waltz around the bedroom this year the room was a third of the size  but clean neat and the bed was extremely comfortable.  Breakfast was very enjoyable so much to choose from . We will definitely be staying again.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for a theatre break,Stayed at this hotel for 1 night as we were visiting the theatre. On arrival the reception area was very busy with a long queue for check in. We had to queue around 20-25 minutes to check in. For the size of the hotel and time of the day I felt they could have had more staff on duty to check guests in. However when we checked in the staff member offered us a room upgrade to one of the newly refurbished rooms. The room was a good size for London with clean and good quality facilities. We did not explore the hotel too much as we were in a rush to get ready before the theatre however from what we did see the hotel was in good condition with a good atmosphere.  The following morning we had breakfast. It was a very good breakfast with plenty of choices. The cooked breakfast was…,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Gerard Heffernan's London Experience,"Overall I was very impressed with the Waldorf. The proximity to the entertainment district was the key in me initially booking the hotel, but I was very pleased with that decision. The fitness center personnel were very nice, but I was not impressed with the weights available in the facility. The executive lounge and the staff there were outstanding",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Ok, good location","My husband has Hilton points so we stayed here on a Saturday night. Firstly it is in a fantastic location, we walked to covent garden and leicester square within 5-10 minutes, you can't get much better other than the radisson in leicester square but in terms of Hilton it is a good location. However.... It is by far not the best Hilton we have stayed in in London let alone the world, the Green Park Lane is much nicer, though a different location. This hotel feels tired and brought down by Hilton, I expected something much more of a 5 star Waldorf, it was really a tired 4 star sad Hilton. On a positive note we were able to check in early and the staff were friendly. We also were well looked after by the evening bar staff who squeezed us in as it was very busy. The bed was very…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel conveniently located,"Excellent hotel, great staff and very conveniently located for theatre Llandudno. The disabled bathroom was probably the best equipped we have found anywhere in the world! Nice bar and the breakfast was great too",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Right at home in London!,"This was our second stay at this hotel: excellent food, safe, clean, modern rooms with proper air conditioning, easy access to West End theatres and the Underground, around the corner from the LSE, and within walking distance to all that Covent Garden had to offer. While staff were kind, they were unable to answer basic tourist questions -- as the staff were not local -- management must address this shortcoming. The hotel should include free wifi access for all guests.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay,Brilliant location for the Royal Opera House and tea at the Savoy. Also handy for Somerset House events and ice skating. Staff were excellent and the room was quiet and comfortable on 7th floor. We had a wonderful time.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short break,Love this hotel and it's location and facilities -staff are efficient and helpful. The gym and indoor pool are first class. Rooms are clean and breakfast has everything you could want. Will definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This hotel frustrates me.,"Stayed here twice in September and have followed the reviews since because there is so much going for the hotel  yet it receives such  wide ranging reviews. I well understand the reasons for this but not why the management doesn't react more positively and deal with the problems. The positives about this hotel are its excellent location, its tradition and the superb public rooms. The negatives are amply illustrated by the experience of my first stay which I will summarise briefly now as the issues were raised with management at the time rather than being published on here, Firstly the room was not ready ,receptionist promised to call me when it was ready so we didn't have to sit around and wait-never called. When we checked back we were assigned a room on the top…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Saturday Theatre night,"Without doubt you are just paying for the name here. Queen room is tiny, lifts are appallingly painful to use, drinks are ridiculously expensive, and service not anything special. You are better off staying at the local  Travel lodge and spending the difference on some escort services to pep up the experience. Breakfast was ok though.. Although no black pudding. Pah!  ",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
4242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf experience,"We liked this hotel, the staff are friendly and helpful, it is situated just right for theatre land and Covent garden and a short stroll to the south bank. As this was our first time staying in London or going to the theatre we didn't know really what to expect (saw the Lion King, recommend it very good and just round the corner), visions of Jeeves and Wooster spring to mind when thinking of the Waldorf, all dinner suits and bow ties, but it isn't anything like that, we found it relaxing and quiet after a day walking round the bedlam of London, although the price of drinks in the bar will make you cough and breakfast was not up to expectations (had much better at Premier Inn). The room was ok, comfortable but a bit noisy, we were so tired it didn't matter, overall there is…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldorf Hilton, London - Restores your faith in the hotel business!","Just enjoyed two days at this lovely hotel while speaking at a big function just round the corner at the Grand Connaught Rooms. I've had a few very average hotel stays recently, but the Waldorf feels like coming home. From being greeted by name at the door, whisked through check in and then being spoiled rotten by the best Exec Lounge team on the planet. Warmest thanks to Cristina, Diletta and Fatima - you are stars. The hotel has a great location, but so peaceful too. Look forward to being back at your fabulous hotel in the new year.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, great location!","Stayed in this hotel. Modern room with gorgeous walk in bathroom. It was a birthday celebration therefore enjoyed the relaxation and also those special additions. This hotel was also my gym whilst living in London. The gym is fantastic, the staff are just so lovely and I highly recommend anyone who needs a gym in this area to sign up. Free classes and expert guidance. Great hotel, make sure you take advantage of all the facilities. Great for theatreland and walking and exploring London.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fancy, but need fundamental renovation","We first got a big, exciting room with a wonderful bed. Super. When we got back to the room it was wet, coming down water from the ceiling! The new room was smaller, but still smashing in design. After one night we had to switch room because of the traffic noise outside. The third room was quiet, but the smallest one. Breakfast very good but minimalistic - and very expensive. Good location near Covent Gardens and SoHo",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,well done G.B.Tours,"Have just returned from a week end break organised by G.B.Tours to London stopping at The Waldorf Hotel the stay included full english breakfast and afternoon tea plus bed obviously,we were offered a set three course evening meal at £28.95 we took full advantage of this and it was well worth the experience,the only down side of the hotel was the size of our bedroom room328 if you have a chance to go to this hotel and offered this room ask for a move as it is on the small size and over looks the air con fans that run all night as I am on the deaf,, side it was not to bad but if your hearing was ok it could cause you a sleep less night all in all a great trip and good value",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good first visit,"The room had been booked the day before using a late booking discount site and on arrival, they struggled to find my resrvation. it was explained that the member of staff was new to working weekends, when the process was different to during the week. At all times the staff involved were friendly and apologetic. tHe check-in took 20 minutes and as a result we were given a room upgrade and a complimentary breakfast.  The room was 308 and was nicely decorated and spotlessly clean. the bed and pillows were comfortable. We ate at the nearby Delaunay restaurant, so our only dining experience at the hotel was the breakfast buffet. This was good and again, the staff were welcoming and friendly, though there was a short queue to be seated and I believe that is not uncommon.   In the…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Lovely Rooms, and Attentive Staff","The occasion was my mothers 82nd Birthday. My father is partially sighted and 87. I cannot praise staff enough for going out of their way to look after us. The Executive Suite was well appointed and a real treat, and even better my own room was adjoining the suite.   The Executive Lounge staff members were particularly helpful and it proved an excellent place to relax for afternoon tea.  The birthday cake delivered to my mother was a lovely unexpected touch.  The location is perfect for Covent Garden, many theatres and ""The George"" Pub on the Strand.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice experience!,"I attended a conference here and my time here was good. The facilities may be wearing out a tiny bit but my experience this time around was not bad at all as with as previous visit. Staff was very courteous and helpful, the hotel is easily located and the food great too!",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location good service mainly with occasional gaps.,"Perfect for a short break.Handy for theatre land and Covent Garden.Junior suite was very comfortable and many staff went out of their way.Breakfast buffet was replenished frequently but choice had been reduced since previous visit and there was some reluctance to take 'off buffet order.' Executive lounge was well used but canapes  were well maintained. Some improvement to breakfast choice,muffins ,smoothies etc would improve my rating",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply the best,"This is my second stay of the year at The Waldorf and this hotel is simply the best. I stayed here for 2 nights from 6th December with my fiancee. The staff are all very helpful and make you feel welcome from the moment you arrive. We upgraded to a Superior room (Room 640) on the sixth floor. Our room was very spacious with a view over Covent Garden. I have to say the bed was incredibly comfy. The breakfast was amazing and the hotel offers a good drinks menu, I can highly recommend the cocktails. We love this hotel because of the location and superb customer service.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just average,"I expected far more! The room wasn't ready after the scheduled time - we were ""upgraded"" as as result - gosh I don't know what the first room would have been like. An executive room was very very average at £381  per night - exec lounge nice touch though. In general tired hotel, valet parking, concierge and check in very poor - perhaps understaffed. Same price as The Covent Garden Hotel which I would chose over The Waldorf every time! Oh and breakfast include unless you wanted eggs benedict and haddock and then £15 ???????",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely experience,"The Waldorf Hilton is a lovely hotel in perfect location when visiting Theatreland. The Covent Gardens are just around the corner. Dinner (and also breakfast) in the Homage Restaurant is quite an experience - the staff are very attentive and the food is simply divine! Bonus: they accept the Gourmet Society Card so members can benefit from fabulous discounts.  Our room was on the small side, tucked at the end of the corridor which seemed never ending and it took a couple of minutes walking from the lift. However, as we got a very special deal we accepted this as a minor compromise. The receptionists were truly helpful and were able to check us in several hours prior the official check-in time, which was wonderful.  We did not visit the fitness and pool area so cannot comment on…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not sure what to make of this place.,"It's on Aldwych.   The Strand and theatre land beckon.   However, as a Waldorf, I expected a bit more. I stay in a Hilton at least thrice a month and this, well this, as a Waldorf, if you compare it to the Rome or New York Waldorfs, you are on a very sticky wicket. I'm a Hilton Diamond member and the exec lounge was standing room only on both nights we stayed, never a good sign. The room we stayed in was small and a bit worn. No upgrade there then, so much for Diamond status.  The bar needs at least a Gold Amex card to get a round of drinks in. An Amex Black would be handy. Tidy Hotel but at £200/night, with discount and a bar bill that would push the Greek national deficit over the edge, your mileage may vary. I don't mind paying for fine wine but a bottle of Rioja selling at…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf is back,I have stayed at the Waldorf for 2 or 3 long weekends at this time of year and in the summer for the past 6+ years. Last year I was so disappointed with the quality of the place in terms of fabric and service that I moved my business to the Hilton Park Lane.  I heard that things had improved at the Waldorf so I moved my business back there and have just enjoyed two excellent long weekends. Location wise it is just about the best location in London for shops and entertaiment. During the last year there has been a major refurbishment and all areas were gleaming bright and clean. Service generally service has also significantly improved. Niggles and areas needing further work Housekeeping-I should not have to ask for slippers and small hand towels Executive club- great…,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 star hotel not worth it,"stayed 5 nights in the hotel together with a group. as starter, the lobby has 5 steps stairs before you reach the front desk and you have to carry your own baggage since no bell service or concierge will help. after checking in and i got the key, we all have to push our own luggages to our rooms.  the breakfast menu has a limited spread and hotel does not change a single food they serve everyday so you will be able to memorize all the food choices and memorize their location as well. in short, breakfast was dull.  the room is old, small for a 5 star of international brand, but it is well maintained and clean. the bathroom as well is old school, small white tiles are still used and you will feel that your in a blast to the past. the path leading to our rooms are carpeted floor as…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Waldorf - London,"Excellent stay, in a brilliant central location. The staff could not have been more pleasant or accommodating. I would fully recommend this hotel in heart of London's theatre land - a top class hotel living up to its reputation.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
4258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb stay,"Returned to stay at this property. Absolutely magnificent building, spectacular dining room, room spotlessly clean with ample supply of amenities. All requested extra amenities in room, as per emailed request to reservations the day before. Wonderful bar, and extremely helpful housekeeping department. When we ordered more coffee and milk, delivery by housekeeping was almost instantaneous!   The only downside was that as the hotel was very busy, they placed a card asking us to consider having breakfast in our room to avoid the busy breakfast, which we did. But still, it rather felt like they were asking us to fit around their occupancy issues - if breakfast would be too busy, arrange to lay it on in a secondary location, schedule more staff, etc. Shame, as it was the only real…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very helpful staff, but some of the facility a bit ""tired""","While we knew that the London Waldorf was not one of Hilton's ""Waldorf Astoria"" properties, we did expect it to be more upmarket than it was. The executive suite and connecting room we'd booked were very comfortable if a little austere, but a second separate room for 2 of our group would hardly have done credit to a mid-market Holiday Inn! Positively ALL staff members we met did their best to look after us (6 adults and 2 toddlers over a busy weekend), though we did have something of a tense negotiation when the accommodation we'd booked was not what we were first offered when checking in. To live up to its 100+ year history and reputation, we'd hope to see a more welcoming lobby, lifts that are linked and faster, a more spacious breakfast area and of course something better…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel in convenient location, very good executve club","We like to stay at this hotel as it is walking distance to many London theatres, especially the National Theatre just across the river, reasonably close to transportation to get to the many museums in London and  there are interesting restaurants nearby.  It is probably a little pricey if you can't find any deals but we use Hilton points.  If you are at the top level (diamond) of Hilton Honors program you get upgraded to an executive room and have executive lounge access that has a good breakfast.  This makes it an exceptional value for the points used (as long as you stay away from the high demand times when a large number of points may be required).",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ian and Rachel November visit,We stayed at the Waldorf London for 3 nights and were very happy with the friendly helpful and professional staff. We have stayed in numerous Hilton's and rate this the best. The only hicup was when all the power went off in the room while we were getting ready to go to a party. The maintenance guy who turned up reset the trip and organized a replacement iron which we thought was at fault as I was ironing my shirt at the time. He was prompt friendly and professional. All in all a very good trip.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hotel,"Stayed at the Waldorf for 2 nights last weekend. The hotel and staff were great. Despite there being a wedding taking place whilst we were there, this did not affect the service. Executive room and lounge facilities excellent. This is our second stay inthis hotel. we will definitely return.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Visit,"Last week we visited London for 4 days, 3 nights, we stayed for one night in the Park Lane Hilton, then 2 nights in the Waldorf Hilton, which we preferred.  The service, public areas, rooms, beds, bathrooms are fine, and you can make a cup of tea in the room, without waiting 30 mins for room service, which my wife adores. The food is good and the location is superb on the corner of Covent garden. For London, reasonable prices. Happy to go back any time.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as good this year!,"Well, once again stayed at the Waldorf. Disappointed  this year though. We had an executive room again and normally they are lovely. This year we could have looked to an inner courtyard but unfortunately we couldn't even see this due to a large metal plate or tank covering the window! I understand that some rooms may not be as good as others but booking several weeks ahead and paying extra for the upgrade to an executive room, which I believe was not of the usual standard.  Normally we go into the executive lounge for breakfast which is all included. We were offered an 'upgrade' to the restaurant which we decided to take this up. We just had the buffet and not breakfast cooked by the chef off the menu. Very disappointed with the quality. Scrambled egg awful and tomato poor…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, what I saw.","I thought the staff were very professional but did not manage to make use of the hotel due to timescales. Great location for both business and leisure. The room I had was fairly small but very well presented, lacked pressing facilities in the room, not a big issue but one to consider if you are in a hurry, an iron does not constitute pressing facilities. I was on a business seminar and the food was really poor considering the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed or ""What's in a name""","This is a hotel which has a lot of promise but fails to deliver. After booking you are told that as a reward for booking by telephone you're going to be offered something special. This turns out to be a sales pitch for time-share in Orlando. The alarm bells should have rung at this point, but the Waldorf, no, surely not possible. We had a room on the sixth floor, my first impression on the walk to the room was of dirty carpets, tatty décor and cheap wall lights behind which you could clearly see the wiring, yes I know this seems petty but this is a 5 star establishment. The room was tiny, awkwardly arranged, shabby, dirt round the shower door, tired grout, chrome that hasn't shone for an age... well you get the idea. On the plus side, and the only reason we stayed, was the very…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A magically birthday celebration stay - Thank you Hilton Waldorf !,"My wife and I spent last weekend at the Hilton Waldorf to celebrate my wife's birthday.   The Hilton Waldorf pulled out all the stops go make this a very memorable stay. Our allocated room on floor 5 was very large, clean and comfortable. We liked the TV in the wall over the bath! I enjoyed my amazing swims in the pool as I felt I was swimming in a 1930s time capsule !  The surprise birthday cake delivered to the room was just magically and a great touch the weekend - THANK YOU.  The staff without exception were very helpful and friendly.   The Waldorf has Covent Gardens and four West End theatre shows within a 5 minute walk and is in an excellent position for any central London sightseeing, shopping or theatre visits  We had a magically weekend celebrating my wife's birthday…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"This hotel is in a perfect lcation for the west end, the rooms are excellent, had a  junior exec suite, use of the exec lounge all very good, however , at nearly 5 pm on  the day of check in, the room was not ready ! had to wait a while longer, even though check in is stated as 3 , sorry not good enough. The night i stayed there was a party going on, and the music was audible in my room, and it vibrated through the bed, i was told it would finish at 1 am , and to be fair it did, but by this time i was past tired and wide awake, so had a poor nights sleep , which for me is pre requisite of any hotel , and one that this hotel did not meet,  breakfast for me was fine, but a bit of a free for all for the others who i was with, not really what you expect from a hotel of this…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stayed in better Travel lodges,"Bitterly disappointed in my Waldorf experience.  Booked twin room for a weekend.  The room was dirty, the surfaces had not seen a duster in weeks. There was a function going on below us (room 117). The sound check started at 530pm it was like having a live band in our room. The noise went to until 1am it was so loud our floor was vibrating.  We complained several times by telephone, each time we were told they would turn it down. I finally went to reception at 1145pm and was told by the night manager that the function was on until 1am and he couldnt do anything about it. I asked to change rooms, I was told no but if I wanted to change hotels he would phone a taxi. The noise went on well after 1am. The buffet breakfast started with cueing for 15 mins. The buffet was ok. Plenty of…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
4270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in a Great Location,Very friendly and accommodating staff. Worth upgrading your room for the little extra that it costs. Fabulous cocktails in the bar at very reasonable prices. Room absolutely spotless and very well appointed with modern decor.    Recommended.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday Celebration,"We recently spent a weekend at the Waldorf to celebrate our son's 40th birthday. Our son and his wife stayed in a Junior Suite which connected with a room with three beds for their children, whilst we were virtually next door.  The arrangement allowed us to treat the hotel as a home from home and to entertain visitors in comfort and style as the Junior Suite had a large and very comfortable lounge with separate 'facilities'. The bedroom was large and had a full bathroom with separate bath (with a TV inset into the wall!) and shower. Our son was surprised and delighted to have delivered to his room his surprise Birthday Gateau and also to be able to enjoy the benefits of the Executive Lounge.   All the staff were without exception helpful and friendly.  Any request was met with a…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good London base,"Excellent four night stay at The Waldorf in early November.  Great as a business or tourist base.  Quiet, well appointed room overlooking The Aldwych, relatively small but this was London and to be expected.  Staff were very helpful and accommodating.  Excellent executive lounge.  Will certainly use this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Group,"A  good clean Hotel central fro all attractions. Staff friendly and service in the Bars and at Breakfast very good. Not a great deal of seating area downstairs for guest waiting to be collected by coach. Bedrooms modern clean along with the Bathroom. Size average for a London Hotel. Would stay here again and bring clients,",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea Dance,"Very disappointing afternoon, in comparison to some of the other hotel tea dances we have attended. Pleasant enough afternoon tea, service a bit slow. Café style crockery - no china and clotted cream and jam served in coffee cups, not the way you'd expect it to be done. Service could have been quicker, although our waiter had only been in his job a couple of weeks he said. Live entertainment ok but could have done with a singer for a bit more interest. The Palm Court only contains one small palm in a pot and decoration of the court  very bland and boring, no colour and  lacking in atmosphere, glad the company was good!!! Wouldn't book another one there",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful break,"Stayed at The Waldorf London (24/11/13 - 25/11/13) stayed in a lovely no smoking room (640) was clean and fresh and right by the lifts, no walking for miles. Check in was a quick and pleasant experience. The view from our window was of the Royal Opera House and the London sky line. The room was warm and the beds were comfy and bedding was luxurious, also had plenty of pillows. Rooms had complimentary bottles of water (one sparkling, one still), tea and coffee in the walk in wardrobe.  There was also a iron, ironing board, hair dryer and safe. The only thing I can say I wasn't keen on in the room was the frosted see thru door to the bathroom. The shower was a great lovely and warm, towels were soft bright white and clean. We had complimentary bath robes but they are small more…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"Nice location close to Covent Garden. Expensive room with no complimentary WIFI. Room is OK, but bed linen appeared washed but with old spots on such that it looked 'dirty'. Did not use reastaurants or bar on this trip. The staff is very friendly and the front desk helped out when my reservation had a mistake.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overrated,"I have stayed in many Hilton's and I expected a lot more from a 5 star Hilton in central London.  Wifi is not complimentary even for Hilton honors while this is standard in all Hiltons in the USA. I was appalled that they don't offer complimentary phones for calling locally.  Apparently,  you can call,  but it will cost you £3.75 a minute!!! Rooms are small and working those funky lights is like rocket science.  The bathroom sink doesn't drain well and the towels are beat up! I was so turned off by this hotel,  I didn't bother checking their other facilities.  Pointer: one of the doormen jumped on me while I was walking in asking if I needed something.  I guess they are not used to my kind staying at this overrated joint.  Of course I ignored him and headed straight to the lift.…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Stayed 22/11/13 for 2 nights, staff friendly and helpful, hotel clean, we stayed in 639 as soon as we opened the door the wow factor kicked in, breakfast lovely and the executive lounge amazing, food good and free drink - get in there.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No Complaints!,"Stayed the one night-- our Queen Room was very clean,well appointed,smallish but was very comfortable. Good clean bathroom with a very good shower and fluffy towels!  The other Guests an our floor were NOT noisy,which makes a change !!! so there were no slamming doors and people talking with loud voices in the corridor, so we got a very good nights sleep ! The Breakfast in the morning was very good.There was an excellent choice of food and our pots of tea were piping hot!The Staff were very helpful,efficient and pleasant. The Concierge Desk were also very helpful.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton London,"This hotel is making real improvements in it's appearance and facilities - within the confines of the listed building and antique nature of the building.  The afternoon tea is particularly enjoyable with delicious herbal tisane  and standard teas, and a host of delicious sandwiches, pastries and cakes served in delightful surroundings on china and silver , with the accompaniment of live background music.   Theatre next door too!",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I keep coming back to this hotel each time I am in London. The rooms are small but comfortable. modern and very clean. Breakfast is a real feast every morning and if you upgrade to the executive level the lounge is a real treat. And on top of all is the great location: all the main attractions are within walking disatnce. Covent Garden is simply around the corner with all the surrounding theatres, restaurant and other activities.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed here for one night recently. We were going to see a nearby show ('Once'- fab, but that's a different review!), and it's location was superb for Theatreland.  It's close to everything you could need, so location is a big tick.  The room was small but big enough for us- nice furnishings and colour shades, great lights (including a nice night light which was built into the wall) and overall very pleasing.  Only thing I would negatively comment on is the expensive wifi- I'd expect it as complimentary in a hotel of this stature, but I guess Hilton have to reward their Gold members somehow (they get free wifi) to make them feel it's worth it.  Overall very nice. We even left our phone chargers when we left, like idiots. It was no problem, a quick phone call later, they quickly…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Annual dinner - a good venue choice,"I was privileged to attend an Annual Dinner held last week at the Waldorf Hilton in London in the Palm Court and Adelphi Suite.  The ambience in the Palm Court is very grand, and as this was a black tie occasion, everybody looked fabulous.  The mirrored walls reflect the opulence and sense of occasion whilst people circulate to network before dinner is served.  Once the master of ceremonies invites us to proceed into the Adelphi dining suite, there is great excitement to meet fellow guests and see who is sitting at your table and those close by. The menu this year was excellent from start to finish, and compliments to the organisers and of course the chef.  If you are thinking of arranging a dinner function for 250 plus guests, this is the place to be.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay with exceptional staff members,"I had a lovely 1-week stay at this hotel. As a diamond member, I was upgraded to a junior suite. It was really nice. The people working there were very helpful, friendly, and always tried to make sure you had all that you need. The rooms were good, the meeting space was good, the lounge was nice although a bit small and didn't always have space for guests. We spent time in the lobby bar where they make a nice mojito. I didn't fully appreciate the food available for lunch, although breakfast was ok.   Lovely property in a great location. Nice rooms, good service, lovely staff. I'll be back!",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"We stayed as part of a gift we received and found the location absolutely brilliant. Room was small but clean. Bar is very good, but you get what you pay for. Best was the breakfast in the ballroom. Wow...nice ambience.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All boxs ticked,"This property is located in Central London, minutes from numerous Historical and theatrical venues. The Waldorf Hilton is a beautiful property with well appointed rooms. The staff is second to non from, the Concierges to the Porters, to the Front Desk Staff, to Good Godfrey's staff to the Management. They are above expectations and are every bit as friendly, helpful and knowledgeable as they are professional. Thank you Waldorf, London Hilton",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,For All Their Help,"This is my first Trip Advisor Review as a result of the Waldorf's help toward my Mother during our stay. Firstly, I need to give my thanks to Cristina in the Executive Lounge (as ever, even after so many months since my last stay) and Leyla for all her help.   This is a hotel in the very best traditions of London Hospitality ... I quickly booked up for a trip after my Mother's long illness and they could not have done anything more for her ....  The location is perfect for so much .... Musicals/Opera/Theatre and Restaurants ... and renovated rooms are tastefully done but actually it is staff within the hotel that really made the difference ...  A big thanks ....",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"We have just returned from the Hotel,we stayed 5 nights then 2 days later another 6 nights.We had brought two people with my husband and myself us on the first week and one with us on the second.My Husband was working for a very large company in London. Our two guests were given an upgrade when we arrived,we had a Junior suite.The desk was too small,we had to ask daily for more toiletries,bedding was thin and beds never made propally,table tops never cleaned and cups & saucers left un cleaned. We were getting fed up of complaining so my husband asked to see Ben Deane the manager, he wasnt interested ,our shower water never drained away we complained three times and to Ben Deane but never repaired,we were concerned the water would wet the carpet.We voiced our complaints to Ben…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Great hotel, professional and service minded staff. Breakfast was excellent - sadly the restaurant was not sized for the amount of customers, so we had to wait for quite a bit sunday morning. Nicely equipped fitness center. The room smallish but with all amenities. Bathroom cramped. Not possible to be more than one there at a time. Well located near to theatres, museums, restaurants etc. An overall very nice experience.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing,A great hotel and a great experience in the executive lounge. Clare was brilliant in the executive lounge and made my first night stay here excellent . My wife and I will be back in 2 weeks time . Another great Hilton hotel ,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice long weekend in london,"We had a great long weekend in London, our stay was at the Waldorf hotel. Our room was nice, clean and with all the space we needed. The staff is  very helpful and friendly,  I will recommend this too all my close friends.  Breakfast was a standard continental breakfast but staff again was great and friendly.  Looking for any faults as some people have Wright about as the room was not nice and the staff was rude I must say I did not find it. Next time I am in London this will be my pick again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best trip ever thanks to the Waldorf Aldwych,"I just returned from another fabulous visit to London's West End. I stayed at the Waldorf-Hilton on Aldwych, such a perfect location walking distance to the South End (The Eye), the theater district, Trafalgar Square where I saw Prince Harry, and Covent Garden. The Concierge Team, led by Daniel Firth, was beyond any expectation. I had access to theatre tickets that were phenomenal, and every courtesy you could imagine including... I woke up with a sore throat and in 40  minutes there was a doctor at my hotel room door. Daniel and his team let NOTHING interfere with my fabloulous vacation. I never lifted a finger. They sent packages for me, arranged my baggage and arranged for me a luxurious (and less expensive) ride back to Heathrow. The in-house restaurant, Homage, provided…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Grand hotel fails to deliver a 'Grand Experience'!,"Booked this well located, well known hotel at the last minute expecting a five star experience and was bitterly disappointed. Arrived at the hotel carrying two pieces of luggage, greeted by unsmiling door man, and an efficient but also unsmiling receptionist. Main reception is very unimpressive, bland and soulless. Carried my own luggage to my premier deluxe room( paid an extra £15 for an upgrade which I assume was for a refurbished room). At first site the room was fairly impressive, large, airy and clearly recently refurbished, with an extremely large and well appointed bathroom.  Didn't have time to think about it too much until I returned late from dinner. The room was unbearably hot and I discovered that the a/c was not working, also no instructions on how to operate it, …",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pre Booked  year but room not available,"The room we had booked was not available on check-in.  While at the time of check-in and checkout I was extremely disappointed at the way our booking was handled, it did not seem the time or the place to complain or spoil our weekend by complaining.  I express my utmost disappointment that a booking as a present from our children, booked in December 2012 and confirmed by myself when we added a further day, and which was followed up with a phone to the hotel by myself in January 2013, where a gentleman confirmed the two bookings and the room would be available.  While I appreciate the addition of breakfast and a bottle of house wine were necessary gestures, it in no way confirms to me and none of the hotel staff have yet explained, why was our room not available, after being…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
4295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - But Only on the Renovated Floors,"I arrived in London from the US at 9am. I booked a room for the night prior so I could have a bed to take a nap in when I arrived. I got there and checked in right away. When I got to the room I was absolutely disgusted. It was room 703 and I could believe how old, outdated, dirty, and just not well appointed the room was. The air condition was on the floor and was just so old it hardly blew out anything. The room only had one super small port hole window in both the bedroom and bathroom. It felt more like a prison room that a hotel room. I went to the front desk to let them know this room would not work for me. I spoke to a very rude and snotty clerk whose name was Amilton I believe. He was just not accommodating at all. I booked through Expedia so I called them to ask for…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great position,"stayed here for 4 nights last week, floors 1 through 5 have been refurbished and are very nice, room  was good on first floor no noise from street with secondary glazing. very busy so other than breakfast, which was good did not eat in hotel on this trip. Staff very friendly and helpful as always. right in the middle of theatre land and below covent garden.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mixed experience,"I have stayed at the Waldorf several times over the last few years and I usually enjoy the experience of staying in one of London's older, grander hotels. As you might expect, the service levels here are pretty high and the food is generally good but it all comes at a really high price, which I sometimes struggle to justify. Rooms are good enough - not huge but reasonable. The real value of this hotel lies in its location on the edge of Covent Garden, which is about as good as it gets in London.  A couple of disappointing features of the Waldorf include the public spaces, which are really limited. The bar is tiny for this size of hotel and the ""reception area"" is like a corridor that runs across the front of the property. Not at all impressive for a 5-star hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel for London,If you want a quiet room then ask for one facing the court yard. It is possible to open a window a little bit without traffic noise. No views however when room faces courtyard. The hotel is located a 5 minute walk from Covent garden and about 10 minutes from Charing cross tube and railway station.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4295-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nightclub noise,"This is supposedly a five star hotel.well if that is the case then the customer should receive 5 star treatment. I have to admit that the reception staff both on check in and departure were extremly professional and nice. However the hotel had a function on and from 9 pm onwards it felt like being in the middle of a night club, free back massage function included from the bass,  never mind the loss of hearing. As a consequence I had to move rooms at midnight.  Funny enough the night reception were aware of the function and as there were many rooms available change of room and floor was no problem. Now staff should know about this and make provision. Not 5 star. The rest of the stay uneventful. Rooms felt a little small and the photos are rather complimentary.   ",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Lovely hotel, lovely staff and great location. Rooms lovely and airy and clean.  Would definitely stay again.  Great bar and lounge too. Great for couples families and business stays also great for theatergoers and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A 3 night weekend stay in November,"My wife and I took advantage of one of the Hilton sale offers - a great deal.  We had an superior executive room that was well appointed - albeit there were no pens or pads in the room.  We took full advantage of the executive lounge during the evening.  Saturday night in the lounge saw people waiting/hovering for seats to become available, it was busy.    The location is great for those wishing to visit theatreland.  Tube stations at Covent Garden and Temple are just a short walk away.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We visited the Waldorf earlier in the year for a short stay with afternoon champagne tea and I wrote a review saying how disappointing it was at the time however we have just been to London again on a day trip and the restaurant manager offered us a complimentary afternoon tea to make up for the problems we had previously. It was absolutely lovely the ambience of the restaurant is very forties style and it had a lovely atmosphere, all the staff were very pleasant and the food was simply delicious we watched to see if others had the same as us and they did so this was exactly how our first visit should have been. I would thoroughly recommend treating yourself but need to book in advance as it gets very busy.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not at all the ""Grand Dame"" that i was expecting","Stayed here on business for one night last week.    Location is good, just a  two minute walk from covent garden and no doubt perfect for theatreland.  Reception staff helpful and room ready early when i got there around noon.  As a  HH GOld member, disappointed to have been ""upgraded"" from a deluxe room to a  deluxe Plus (not quite sure of difference).  Room clean and tidy, but as you would expect, not that spacious.  NO exec lounge access was a let down, but technically not guaranteed.  Room view appalling, looking at (literally) a brick wall and aircon units.  Didnt eat or drink here as busy working, only used it as a sleeping place !",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4300-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable nights stay, fantastic breakfast and location.","Stayed overnight for a 2 day theatre trip away.  Room was very comfortable and we had a fantastic nights sleep. Good facilities in the hotel although the swimming pool run by LA Fitness was a bit of a let down as they had no means to store our valuables. Lockers but no way to lock them unless we buy a padlock! Apart from that, the breakfast was fantastic and the staff were very attentive and polite. We used the valet parking service and this was both value for money (compared to car park prices in London!) and very convenient.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant and excellent location,"I first stayed at the Waldorf over 25 years ago and it still has the charm and elegance that I remember. (Even the Tea Dances once a month). Very good concierge and house services, excellent breakfast and a good executive lounge (if you qualify!!)  Some of the rooms are being re-furbished but the rest are all good sized and in period style. Tip: Take the Heritage buses from just outside, the Route 15 has Routemasters running every third bus or so and they go to St Pauls and the Tower of London",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little luxury in the heart of the Theatre district,"We were very happy with our weekend at the Waldorf.  In the heart of the bustling London Theatre area, it was very quiet and peaceful in the room.   The room was beautiful and well appointed and very comfortable.  Things were similarly calm in the executive lounch.  It's a beautiful hotel with a great staff.  the bar was a nice mixture of busy, but calm on a Saturday night.  We were very happy with our choice.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Remains Excellent,"This is my 3rd stay at this hotel, this time after a lapse of 3 years.  The location is fantastic, right in the middle of the theater district.  The building remains a classic and the staff as friendly and helpful as ever.   The Grand Salon restaurant with its Louis XVI style decor is outstanding.  Some guests may find the many steps along corridors problematic (this is an old charming building, designed more than 100 years ago, although it has been thoroughly renovated), so please inform upon booking if an easier access room is required.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really enjoyed our stay,"Stayed for a week in October 2013, room 539.    Hotel staff were great.  We had some special perks due to Elite status, and really enjoyed the daily free breakfast, tea and snacks in the afternoon.  It curbs the appetite enough to really get you through your days without impacting your food budget!  More money for nice evenings out. :)  It's location is just a jaunt to the best of shops in Covent Gardens, if you are there on the right days you can even stumble into the maze of shops at the Jubilee Market.  Tube is close as well.  Great bedding, towels and a lovely towel warmer.  Concierge was more than happy to arrange for an early morning cab (3am), and were essential in getting me to where I needed to be on time.  They were much more familiar with the bookings I had made than…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4305-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hilton in the Business District,"The Waldorf Hilton is a very good Hilton property in central London that is good for business travelers and couples.  They have very nice rooms with tasteful decoration and the hotel's staff are well trained and helpful.  The Hilton Honors Lounge is very nice and a special amenity.  Very good breakfast, free newspapers and great coffee.  The staff was quite friendly and helpful in every respect.  Though I didn't score an upgrade I did get one of the larger standard rooms with a spacious bathroom and raised seating area in front of the windows.  There are no views, but the newly renovated rooms are very handsome and well equipped.  This is the nicest Hilton I've stayed at in the UK.  My only complaint was the very standard and boring toiletries items. Thought the bathroom felt…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"My stay at the Waldorf Hilton was exactly what I expected it would be. The service was excellent at every turn. Drinks at Good Godfrey's were fantastic. The lobby and rooms were comfortable, clean and well equipped. And the location was great - we could walk to all the major sites of London comfortably. It didn't have the most ""wow"" factor of all my European hotels, but it was definitely a nice stay.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Broadway in London,"I stay here for business.   It's a great place that is very good for the UK.  It's close to the theaters, good restaurants, and Covington Garden.  Staff are nice and rooms are clean and newer.  The bed is too hard but the front desk will fix it for you if you ask.    Cheers ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Opulence and luxury,"My partner and I stayed here after visiting a seminar for my business  It's location is superb close to all the theatres  We saw we will rock you at the dominion theatre and it was only a ten min ( safe ) walk from the Waldorf  Staff were excellent  Upgrade was perfect I could not have wanted anything better than great hotel ,superb company and great settings to explore. Ok it's a Hilton you expect quality well the Waldorf lived up to my expectations  ",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,Lovely rooms and very good service. Afternoon tea was perfect on our arrival day. Staff in the bar and lounges were attentive and very helpful. Not the cheapest hotel in the world but you do get what you pay for ;) would definitely recommend this hotel to theatre goers. Very close to the action!,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4310-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"A recent stay at The Waldorf Hilton is London was a real disappointment. I mainly stay there because I am a Hilton Diamond Club member and expect a certain level of service.  The trouble begin when a week before my trip I had to reduce my stay from four nights to three. They promptly charged me $50 pounds per night more! Of course, had I left one day early they never could have gotten away with that. Then when I arrived, I asked for an upgrade to a Junior Suite. The surly woman at the Friont Desk never even looked at the computer and told me their were none available. I found this somewhat ironic since literally 18 hours earlier I had received an email from Hilton trying to sell me (among other things) a Junior Suite!. I then asked the same surly woman for change and she said…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf HHonors etc.,"I'm a frequent visitor to the Waldorf, and a Diamond hhonors member. I love the hotel and usually get an upgraded room and access into the Exec. lounge. Some of the rooms on the front are a little noisy, but the majority of the rooms are quiet and most of the rooms have recently been renovated.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Room & Service for my Mums Birthday,"phoned the hotel this morning to thank you for the excellent service Diletta on your front of house reception provided this weekend and they suggested that I write to this address.  I booked a room on Saturday night (26th October) for my parents Mr & Mrs Nichols to celebrate my mother’s 70th Birthday. I called and spoke with Diletta and explained that my parents often visit /stay in London but they had never been to the Waldorf and this was a special celebration so anything that could be done to make it so would be appreciated   On meeting my parents on the Sunday for a family lunch they loved the hotel and were massively impressed with the nice room that was provided, the extra touches that Diletta had organised in the room – fruit, chocolates etc. When Mum and Dad arrived the…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Me and my husband stayed at The Waldorf  for two nights in October. A great location for Covent Garden and theatres. Great bar and staff are very helpful, rooms are nice, need a bit of an update maybe. Breakfast good with a lot to choose from. Would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, fantastic executive lounge!","Stayed for business but got in on Friday to enjoy the weekend. Hotel is very beautiful and clean. Rooms were great, bathrooms were spacious and clean. Location was fantastic, tons of restaurants and pubs, although the highlight of the hotel was the executive lounge. Open from 6-9 PM with full free bar and appetizers (that served as my dinner several nights). I can't comment on breakfast since I'm not a fan of the UK breafkast, but they did have coffee, teas, juices, and the standard British breakfast foods. Having stayed at the Hilton Park Lane (snobby) and DoubleTree Tower of London (touristy), I would definitely say this will be my preferred Hilton property when I come to London.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4315-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Luxurious stay,Had a superb two nights at the Waldorf - very comfortable and surprisingly quiet. Had a package for dinner at the Ritz followed by War Horse at the New London - both excellent experiences. Next night was Gloria Estefan at the Royal Albert which was marvellous. Altogether we treated ourselves to a luxury couple of days and to hell with austerity!,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great central location. Close to everything. There were plenty of restaurants and bars in the vicinity. Nice rooms and friendly staff.  Only stayed here on a brief overnighter, so didn't get the full experience but it was certainly a nice hotel. Would stay here again",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"This is a great hotel in a fab location a stones throw from Covent garden. They usually offer an upgrade when you check in, for a small premium, which is usually a complete bargain. You can end up with a much better room for not a lot more money. Bar is great and serves a decent negroni!        ",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"I've stayed in many hotels all over the world and was really looking forward to a weekend in London to celebrate my Mother in-law's 70th Birthday at what is meant to be one of London's most exclusive hotels where we've booked three standard rooms.  We arrived shortly after 3.00 pm expecting our rooms to be ready as they boost that all rooms can be accessed  and ready by 3.00pm!!  None of our rooms were ready and with no apology, so we had to wait in the bar where we ordered coffee which was not complimentary for the long wait.    When we were told the rooms were finally ready, a further 45 minutes later  not giving us a lot of time to  get ready for dinner prior to going to the theatre.   My Mother in-law's  was fine after having to pay for an upgrade to a bigger room on the…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good breakfast, disappointing rooms","The location of this hotel is perfect, with everything London has to offer at your fingertips. The breakfast was also surprisingly good.   As I have come to expect from Hilton hotels the general state of the hotel leaves something to be desired. The staff are not quite as motivated to help as they should be, the rooms seem to have be created to deliver the bear minimum to reach the intended star level, the beds were small, the bed linens were sufficient but nothing special.  However, due to the location we had no regrets, it was just lucky that we were only in the hotel for the minimum amount of time.   P.S We also paid about 18 pounds for 3 terrible hot chocolates from room service, which is disgraceful, especially considering there is a Starbucks 2 minutes away that would have…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4320-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,"My son and I spent two nights at this wonderful hotel in October 2013.  Our room was superb, the staff were first class.  We were lucky enough to get an upgrade and use the Executive Lounge which added to our enjoyable experience.  My son left his wallet in the room after we checked out.  I rang the hotel once home and they found it and kept it safely for us until we could go back and collect it.  As you can imagine we were really grateful to be reunited with it again and therefore recognises the integrity of the staff.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"hugely attractive ambience, style and decor with good food as the bonus - or should that be the other way round?","My wife and had diiner at the Waldorf Hilton as part of a Bookatable offer. From the first steps into the dining room we were impressed by the décor and high ceilings. The space exuded style and oopulence. Off to a good start. the menu on offer was fine. However, my wife's dinner arrived cold - it was supposed to be hot! But to give credit to the management they took away both dinners and re-served both; and they offered some more drinks to compensate. The food, apart from that false start, was excellent, as was the service. There was no quibbling and shuffling of feet. They accepted our complaint, sorted it out and offered more drinks to compensate. For a special occasion we would certainly recommend eating there.        ",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel shame about the staff,"Stopped here Oct 2013 lovely hotel but for money could do a lot better...Only bad thing is i left a brand new shirt in the wardrobe, but when i called them when i got home it was no longer there ??? Nice to think a hotel of that statue would have honest staff ?????  But on the whole been 3 times and not had any issues...",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Return Visit,"My husband and I recently enjoyed a two night stay at The Waldorf  and wrote to the Manager to tell him how helpful and polite the staff were, how wonderful we thought the room was and how much we enjoyed our meals in the Homage restaurant.  Luckily I saw the chef the first evening and was able to tell him personally how good the meal – especially the steak – was. The Manager asked me if I would put my comments on Trip Advisor and I am only too happy to do so.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff, needs an update","The Waldorf is a wonderful old hotel that needs a bit of an update.  The furnishings are showing their wear and tear.  We booked an executive suite and it was quite large.  There were a couple of downsides; the air and heat only had vents to the living area, not the bedroom area, so it was stuffy and was a tad warm.  Also the TV is in the living area on the wall and you almost need binoculars to see it in bed.  By booking this room, we had access to their lounge which provided breakfast, snacks, tea, beverages and a happy hour.  That was a tremendous value.  The staff is all very friendly and helpful.  Elevators are slow...very slow.  A few stairs that can't be avoided. Perfect area and double pane windows.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4325-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break,"Our rooms were unavailable for an earlier check-in which I understood.  I gave the lady on reception my prepaid voucher which showed two rooms had been booked but she kept talking as though I only had one room.  We cleared that misunderstanding  up and we went to the theatre.  On arrival back, our luggage had not been taken to our rooms which was disappointing.  However, the room and breakfast were very good and overall we enjoyed our stay at the Waldorf.       ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The sign says Mercedes. No, its just an old mini.","In a nutshell Twin room small and old  Service minimal  Breakfast overpriced and thin For 350USD/night I expect more.  The whole ride Had a nice ride in this hotel a few years back (in an executive room). This time took a simple twin. Expected a luxury Mercedes (This is the Hilton after all) My first surprise wasn't the small size but the antiquity and arrangement of the drivers cabin (sleeping space). The front screen (TV) was mounted to the left of the driving seat (Bed) rather than the traditional front position. This resulted in a mild neck pain when watching TV. Next, The air condition vents were stuck directly in my face when sitting in the driving seat. As the controls were so old, they allowed either hot air or cold air streaming directly on my face. I decided to go…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel not as good as before,"Arrived as part part of a coach group for one night as a celebration of our wedding anniversary after having a wonderful time last year. This time we arrived at our room on the 4th floor and opened the door to find the room had not been cleaned and was a disgusting mess with towels all over the floor, empty glasses on the table, bed clothes on the floor. Wife burst into tears. Spoke to cleaner in corridor and she phoned downstairs and had argument with someone. Had to go down to reception for another room on the 5th floor and was given an apology and free bottle of wine. We were tiold this was a better room but it wasn't. Then following morning my son and his wife were charged for breakfast even though it was included. My some also had to wait 25 minutes for eggs benedict. Once…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this place,"Old world service - We have stay here many times, Cristina from the Executive Club is fantastic she will do all to please.and location makes it easy to get around London easy walking or catch the buses out the front of the hotel and the trains only a few minutes walk away.        ",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable - would stay again,"We stayed here recently with friends and we were pleasantly surprised having read some of the negative reviews.  The location is perfect for Covent Garden and you can walk to most of the theatres from the hotel.  We had a standard room, which was pretty small, but then London hotel rooms usually are!  The room was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was lovely, with a great waterfall style shower.  There was a wedding going on the night we stayed, so we were a bit worried about noise, but we didn't hear anything.  The bar was a lovely place to have a drink before we left to go out to dinner and the staff were attentive.  My favourite part was breakfast the next morning.  We had a table right next to the marble dance floor, and the food was buffet style, but you could order from…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4330-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,The Waldorf is very convenient for Covent Garden and the Strand theaters and the bar is a very popular place for business meetings over a drink. The staff are very helpful and a mid-afternoon cup of tea is a very pleasant experience.       ,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst View in London?,"Small odd shaped poky dark room with the WORST view from any hotel I have ever stayed in, see the photos.  My review is based on a one night stay on Saturday 19th October 2013 in room number E17.   Arrived early so was not surprised that the room was not yet available, receptionist offered to call me on my mobile once it was ready so we went for a wander around Covent Garden. Did not receive the call as promised so went back at 2.50pm to check to be told the room was indeed ready, reception just had not bothered to call me as they told me they would. Not a great start.    Had booked their standard Guest Room which includes the following description from their website: “This spacious, comfortable and elegant accommodation showcases an emphasis on light and space”  The reality of…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
4336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal for Theatreland But Not 5 star in our opinion,"The Waldorf is ideally situated for all Covent garden and Strand Theatres and we would stay again but definitely not at full price! Check in was not to speedy, I had to wait a while for a prior requested upgrade to be sorted with the receptionist having to go back and forth to the office half a dozen times to sort the problem, then the price was wrong but sorted out quite quickly on Departure. The room was refurbished and of a decent size but attention to detail was lacking, a product holder in the shower was half hanging off the wall, one of the hot water discs from the tap was on the side of the bath and there were several visible holes in the plasterboard walls that had not been covered. The bed was comfy and bedding was quality, the room had no view at all and was at the…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Have stayed here before and always stay in an executive room, the use of the executive lounge is worth the upgrade alone.    Very comfortable lounge, self service afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and canapés are excellent.   Again self service breakfast, very nice.  Stayed here Oct 2013 for husbands birthday and when booking was informed of new rooms this year, executive plus so decided to book one.  Checked in and were given a disabled room, which having stayed in one before we happy as they are normally larger with walk in showers, which this room had.   BUT this room we were offered had a very low wardrobe, which I was unable to hang up a dress, even my husbands shirt was too long to be hung up in the wardrobe.    Went to reception to ask if we could change rooms to be…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,a grand dame of london,great second stay in the hilton waldorf lovely new room great breakfast dooman very helpful gave us umbrellas when it was raining even got a free late checkout because the maid knocked our door twice the location is fab would love to bring my granddaughter to it for a xmas pantomine overall excellent,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4335-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideally situated,If you are heading to the Theatre then this hotel is well situated. The food is good (breakfast could be better). The suite that we had was spacious and you had access to the lounge which was a nice touch. ,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good value if...,"Booked this as one of the last minute ""secret hotels"" thing for a business trip and so it was ok value for London. Staff were good and the room was very clean, but cosy and beginning to show signs of ware (e.g rust appearing around bathroom fittings)-I find this is common with the old grand hotels. Biggest let downs for me were the tv system which is awful (e.g. channels misaligned with the guide) and internet access at £15 per day; if I pay over £200 I don't expect in this day and age to pay for internet access. I simply used the free access in the lobby area but it wasn't ideal working conditions. ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing hotel, terrific location, great service!","The Waldorf is the tops in the City of London area. In the heart of the theatre district it lens itself to great dining opportunities, great shopping (Harrod's isn't a far walk), grandeur, splendor and a place that makes you feel at ease despite being far from home.  The rooms were not large, but very comfortable and the overall feel made that the most minor of issues for us.  We loved the architecture and the folks who made the whole experience well worth the above average price.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"excellent hotel, excellent location","I was a bit concerned before arriving at the hotel, due to the reviews.  When I  first arrived, the receptionist told me that my reservation was for a twin bed, would it be ok if they upgrade me.  Of course I said yes.  I was upgraded to a very nice queen room, in room 421.  Overall, I was very impressed with the hotel.    What I liked about the hotel: 1.  As a Diamond member I received a nice upgrade, received free internet, and had access to the executive lounge, where they served a nice breakfast, and nice snacks in the evening 2. The gym at the hotel is excellent.  It's actually a commercial LA Fitness gym, , which is very good for a hotel gym, and somewhat small for a commercial gym 3. The bathroom was comfortable 4.  The staff was generally nice and comfortable 5. The…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice London Hotel,"All hotels in London are expensive by North American standards. This hotel is well situation only a couple of blocks from Covent Garden, and about 4 blocks to Trafalgar Square, and perhaps a 20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. The rooms were small, but well appointed and had all the usual items one comes to expect in a Hilton. The buildings are old, but kept up nicely. The room attendants could have done a better job. I stayed for a week, and am not sure my place was vacuumed once. The hotel bar was excellent, overall service was good, and you cannot beat the location.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4340-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in great location,"Fantastic location for trip to Mama Mia, in fact theatre was attached to the hotel. Bar was busy and lively, although drinks a little pricey, especially non- alcoholic cocktails. Room was comfy, not as fancy as expected for star rating and price of stay, but enjoyable. Pool area was a a delight",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant London hotel,"Stayed last weekend, for my wife's birthday, upgraded to premium. Booking in speedy, happy staff and free room upgrade (without even asking) Room spacious, clean and a refurbished one as well. Superb location for the west end and minutes from Covent Garden (on foot). Premium lounge has free light drinks all day and  afternoon tea from 15.00 and canapés and alcohol from18.00 to 20.30. top quality hotel, superb service. Breakfast was superb buffet style as much as you desired, hot well presented and continuously replenished by smiling efficient staff. Not the cheapest but Iconic for London. Returning again this year for the above reasons.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,High standards throughout. A great hotel. ,"I returned to The Waldorf Hilton this week and was impressed all over again.   Of course all the obvious things are right. It's flawlessly clean, well designed and equipped. One would expect nothing less from a five star hotel.   The thing that makes this hotel stand out from the crowd is the service. From check-in to departure, literally every member of staff made a positive impression.   Service is warm and attentive but never obsequious. The balance is perfect. The reception staff are particularly impressive. They are efficient and swift while remaining warm and engaging.   I highly recommend The Waldorf Hilton. ",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Amazing Hotel, Location and Service","Stayed here for my girlfriend's 30th birthday in September.  The staff very kindly upgraded us to a Junior Suite and left a birthday cake in the room.  The room was fantastic, impeccably clean, great bathroom and lots of space.  The location couldn't be better, we had the Lion King booked which was all of 2 minutes walk away at the Lyceum.  We drove up and used the valet parking which was actually pretty good value for a day when you look at local alternatives, and takes the stress out of moving the car around.  I invited some friends for drinks in the evening which we had in the Lounge Bar.  It had a very nice ambience, although the nature of the place meant the drinks were not the cheapest, but I expected this.  The service of these drinks was a bit slow too.  We both had a…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bedroom/Bathroom,"My Son and I decided to pick the Waldorf Astoria London for a weekend stay. We selected an ExecutivePlus King room which did have a great view, but did notice that the Mirrors were very dusty, and the Overhead Shower head did not work, we had to use the bath hand shower to wash. Also my son wanted to listen to the TV in the bathroom, but the TV control button did not work.,",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4345-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great but expensive,"We stayed here last weekend for 2 nights and it really is difficult to fault the place in most respects. The location is virtually perfect, which is why I chose it, service extremely good, room cleanliness and decor excellent.  I picked a junior suite which was a little bit smaller than expected but still fine, very comfortable and it came with access to the executive lounge - which was a real bonus!! A couple of little niggles which would be easy to put right. Would it be too much to ask to actually provide coat hangers in the wardrobes?   Also, in this day and age to charge for wi-fi is really not on, it is a given, a bit like hot water! My only real gripe is that it is expensive, even given the central London location, £330 per night is a lot and I'm far from sure I would…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The best,"I booked this hotel as the start of my daughters hen weekend.  She arrived from Australia (she lives there) Friday morning and after travelling for 24 hours plus a mad dash to Leeds for a dress fitting, I wanted her to have a restful night before the hen madness.  Checkin was easy, staff helpful, polite and friendly.  When the receptionist found out the occasion, wine and chocolates were sent to the room.    The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and very comfortable.  Our complaint was that the quilts were far to hot and the room stuffy at night even with the air con on.  Breakfast was good, plenty of choice.  All in all a beautiful hotel with excellent staff who gave us a good start to the weekend. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would love to stay again.  …",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
4351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Waldorf 5 star standard,"I was very disappointed with my stay at the Waldorf.  London was the last leg of my trip so i decided to stay somewhere nice, however i was extremely disappointed.  Let's start with the good, the Location is fantastic, with buses stopping at the front of the Waldorf and the tube only a few minutes walk away.  It is also super close to alot of great tourist attractions.  Definite thumbs up for the location.  The  staff were also very friendly on the days i stayed.  However, everything else was downhill from there.  The rooms are super small, there are insufficient power sockets, the bed is not comfortable at all.  I can usually sleep on any bed, but i struggled with this bed. The best hotel bed i've slept on are the Heavenly Beds at the Westin.  The the TV system was also slow to…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great experience on Executive level,"We stayed at this Hotel in August, 2013 and had a wonderful stay.  The location was very convenient.  We had an executive level king and it was comfortable and much larger than we expected.  The executive lounge really added to our stay by providing a place to relax while we waited for our room to be ready, to check email (the high cost of in room wifi is our only complaint about the hotel) and to take a break and get a snack during the day.  We would definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Early check in for wedding as promised and very comfortable bed,We stayed one night for a wedding at Somerset House - all rooms were ready early as had been requested.  Good location right opposite Somerset House.  Bed was very comfortable and everyone said how well they had slept. Rooms were smart and all in order.  We booked a big table for breakfast and buffet was as good as we'd hoped for.  A bit more training needed on coffee making though.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4350-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spoilt by location,"Arrogant receptionists, smaller than advertised rooms, line for breakfast, complimented by sky high prices... Yes, we talk about this Waldorf Hilton. It seems that a constant crowd and an excellent location made them complacent and not guest friendly at all.  Mind that this review is done by a Diamond Hiltonhonors member and you can only imagine in a nightmare what treat is there for non status guests. If you respect yourself, stay away! Thanks god London has so many options even within Hilton chain...",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Magnificent,"Stayed here for one night with my wife and we had a superb time. The room was excellent, bed extremely comfortable and the service fantastic. Location is great and close to all the main West End shows. We went to see War Horse which is 5* Would happily come back again!",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent central hotel,"Stayed three nights for Covent garden shows etc.  Nice room with twin beds, huge bathroom and plenty of space.  Very quiet.  Good service, nice bar and excellent restaurant.  Everything one would expect of such a class of hotel.  A little disappointed that there was no turn down service and that wifi was an additional cost of £15 per day.  Many hotels, even the premier inn, and most cafes now have free wifi   I only wanted 30 mins so popped next door for a coffee and free wifi",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very swish hotel but poorly managed,"On our arrival there was a huge wedding taking place which had over flowed into the lobby and all the public space!! We were late arriving(around 6:30) and tried to call the hotel to let them know but no one answered the phone?? We were told the room was not quite ready??!! The front desk person advised us to have a drink in the bar and gave us a coupon to do so but there were no tables. After travelling all day, we simply stood waiting in the lobby for 10-15 minutes beside our bags!! We had a dinner date in the restaurant with friends and were worried about having time to shower and change. We finally got the room, which was spacious with a great bathroom as you would expect for 290 pounds a night-about $400. In the restaurant the service was appalling. It took 30 minutes to…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Such a treat,"We booked in here as part of an early supper pre-theatre deal.  We started with drinks in the bar - well you just have to really don't you.... even at £13 per Pimms!  Very popular bar, good atmosphere.  Although the food was good, service at supper was slow, resulting in a lack of coffee to complete the meal, and a dash for the theatre.  Still a welcome treat, just be prepared to run for it!",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4355-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 star or even a 4 star property,"Location is all this hotel has going for it.  I used Hilton points and originally received an ""upgrade"" due to my diamond status.  The room was so small I would hate to see what wasn't an upgrade.  I then paid for a bigger room and had to haggle with the desk because they were not going to honor the price that Hilton had emailed me for a suite, basically calling me a liar until I found the email on my phone.  Then we had a room where the furnishings and decor could not have been more recent than 1975.  Shabby and dreary but at least bigger.  We then had a TV that didn't work and had to call multiple time times to get it fixed.  If we were paying the standard rate for this room i would have left the next day.  The location was great, the housekeeping was inconsistent and some of…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, and excellent location",I had to stay in the hotel since the conference I was attending was in the Hotel. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful as much as possible. Was not asked if I would like to be part of their loyalty programme. Room a little bit small although I did not book the standard size.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"Very good location if you're there for the touristy things, theatre etc. I had room 340 facing Aldwych (executive plus) which was clean and spacious. Room was a bit warm at times even with the aircon on, you can't open the windows more than about 2cm so getting fresh air is not much of an option. Exec lounge is pretty good, I only had breakfast twice and the selection was fine. Wasn't at the hotel in the early evening when I believe they serve appetizers and wine etc.. Used the gym downstairs which is the LA Fitness brand so not managed by the hotel but guests have free access. For a 'hotel gym' it was better than most I've used but make sure you take a bottle of water with you with water in it, there's no water fountain in the gym (at least I couldn't find one) unless you want…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Ok, there WAS a large function on at the hotel, which meant that we weren't given the upgrade we normally get or access to the executive lounge, but notwithstanding that, our room was very small, even by European standards. Several items had to be requested from housekeeping (tea bags, shower gel, batteries for the TV remote). The bed was VERY small and did actually cause issues with sleeping. The room we had would have been ideal for someone on their own, not a couple. We always try to use Hilton as the standard is generally high (we currently have 3 pending reservations) and we get treated very well usually, but this visit was just ordinary, nothing special. It won't stop us from visiting again, we were just disappointed on this occasion",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible Room,"Concur with review from room 236, room was very poor for a so called 5* hotel , sink tap leaked (did report that) , flush the loo and it sounded like plumbing was about to wreck the room , grouting/mastic around sink was peeling/gone, very poor. View was dismal , looked like a view from a prison camp. Couldn't even get breakfast in the morning (Monday 23rd September , 09:20) unless you were willing to queue 40-45 minutes. I have never in all my years of staying in hotels have ever had to queue for breakfast, ended up going to a local restaurant that served breakfast. For a one night stay which was a surprise present from my wife I must say I was extremely disappointed  and would not recommend this hotel. I did feel that as we had booked via Eastons Travel that we were given the…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4360-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in Convenient Location,"Great place to stay, near lots of touristy places, on the doorstep of Theatre Land and Covent Garden which on weekends is vibrant both day and night with shops, restaurants, cafes and live music.   The room we had was very nice and we thought very good value for money..  staff pleasant and when they knew it was a special birthday I was sent chocolates and wine.  I would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,amazing home from home,"Amazing hotel, however the changing facilities to the pool were dreadful, they smelt so bad of urine it made you feel sick and the ceiling tiles were stained yellowy brown. However I don't think the pool facilities belonged to the hotel even though they were under the same roof.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,25 years and counting,"We spent our 25th wedding anniversary here.   It was lovely - especially the raspberry bellinis.     Our room was in the attic, and a bit dark, but the bed was spectacularly comfy.     The doorman seemed to be on duty for our entire 36 hour stay, and was endlessly helpful.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awful,We booked this hotel with Easton coaches our room was 636 stuck at the very end of a corridor more a box room than anything. The bathroom was in need of a revamp and the room was very dated. This is not what I expected. We had left over food in our fridge from the previous guest and no complimentary water. When I went down to complain the staff had the attitude that they didn't really care I am very disappointed with our stay and will not return to this hotel. I look forward to hearing from the manager for his comments ,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic luxury hotel,"Lovely room, great bar, fantastic breakfast and friendly helpful doorman by the name of Mark. Expensive but well worth it. Take advantage of value for money room upgrades and early check in if ther are available",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4365-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Once Again,"This was our third visit to the Waldorf and one again it was wonderful, each visit we have stayed in lovely decorated rooms, this time we had 1950's moviestar theme, with Hollywood Greats gracing the walls. The room was the best of our three visits, huge walk in wardrobe with every facility to hand, bathroom was as big as the room and spotlessly clean.  We dined in the Grand Salon Restaurant which is always a pleasure, food delicious and a little more of it than last year, which was great. Next morning breakfast was plentiful and delicious, staff very accommodating by pushing together tables for our group.  We also treated ourselves to the lovely afternoon tea in the Grand Salon which is well worth the price, service was exceptional, sandwiches and cakes delicious !  Overall a…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Coffee to expensive!!!,"5.00 for coffee, small cup, no biscuit! And a1.30 service charge!terrible.with limited customer service. Take me back to the country where coffee is under 3.00 Just because its london it shouldnt cost the world  ",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A lovely hotel, service pleasant & very central for Covent Garden & theatres!","Hotel really nice but the pool is a bit grubby and messy, not very pleasant.  The bar is over staffed and took 3 people to serve me and my husband drink each & it was a bit over priced!    Staff on the door & reception very pleasant.  Room was lovely, clean and smart, with a big comfortable bed.  Breakfast brilliant! Definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, but not up to 5* standards","I have recently spent 4 nights at the Waldorf Hilton, my overall experience was positive due to the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff, plus the location of the hotel, which is its primary advantage for me.  However, I feel I must point our certain things that, in my opinion, need to be addressed.  First of all, bear in mind that not all rooms are the same.  Some are renovated and some are not.  The rooms that are not renovated are not up to standard.  Also , the breakfast quality has gone down (I have stayed there in the past so I can compare).  Things such as eggs Benedict come at an extra charge now, and the omelets I had were horrible!  If you need wifi access in your room you are charged extra, although you get an one hour free access pass that can be used in the…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good solid hotel,"Enjoyed my stay at this hotel...   The rooms are great, be sure to get one of the newly refurbished rooms... Much better, feels and smells cleaner too.  The front staff are great and make sure to cater to all your needs. Friendly bunch.  Location is great, covent gardens is a stone throw away... Right at the edge of theatre district, with the Lion King and MamaMia a misly hop away.  Breakfast selection is great... You will be satisfied.  Rooms are kept clean. They also live by their ""re-use your towel to save water"" policy... All hotels have this sticker but very few actually observe it. Green thumbs up from me.  All in all, what is to be expected from a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4370-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Room,"The Waldorf Hilton is located on the edge of London's theatre district. There were literally three shows on the same block as hotel and several others within a few blocks walk. There are dozens of restaurants in the area and Covent Gardens Market is a short walk. So lots of night life opportunities near by.  The hotel is also near St Paul's Cathedral, Millennium Bridge and some great walking areas along the Thames.  My room and bathroom were spacious for an older building. Everything was fresh and clean. The bed was very comfortable and the bed linens were high quality.  With this location, the property seems to more of a tourist hotel. There were a few ways in which this was inconvenient for me as a business traveler. The Executive Lounge didn't open for breakfast until 7:00…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My Recent Stay At the Waldorf Hilton,"I had such a wonderful stay at the beautiful Waldorf Hilton which is in the heart of central London in a prime busy location where you're in the heart of the theatre district, fine dining resturants in the area of convent gardens and also walking distance to some major attractions and subway stations. The staff are so friendly and very courteous,the rooms are very clean and very quaint with beautiful furnishings, and the restaurant and bar in the hotel are excellent which I truly enjoyed. I would definitely recommend this beautiful hotel especially for business travelers who are always on the go and easy access to cabs, and public buses to go just about anywhere in central London. For the leisure travelers, you have the broadway shows in the area you can choose from and major…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"It was a magical stay for my friend and I. We were able to see terrific plays, museums, and restaurants. I can say that the area was ideal and it was fabulous. It would be an incredible place to go with not just a friend but also with a sweetheart.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Staff-Great Location,"Haven't stayed here in a while but refurbished rooms are nice Ex Lounge was worth the extra money, staff were friendly and helpful young girl who managed the Ex Lounge in the evening on Saturday was efficient, friendly and welcoming and provided an excellent service.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"""Fleas and long check in time ""","One of our rooms had fleas, my daughter woke up with flea bites all over""  this is a disgrace. The receptionist rufused to book my daughters room on the same floor as us even though we had asked the day before she arrived and were told that this should not be a problem and then when we came to check in they said you should have been here 15 minutes earlier even though we asked the day before. When we tried to check in the room was not even ready and they said that they would call our mobile when it was, so we went to do some shopping thinking it would be an hour or so and 5 hours later they still had not called.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4375-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pricey but...,"You can leverage your Hilton HHonors status here to help rationalize the crazy expensive room rate. The executive lounge is outstanding! Free wine, beer, soda's and cocktails in the evening and breakfast buffet in morning. The savings of not going out locally to get same items was considerable.  Rooms were spacious with modern appointments (large bathroom, large screen TV, two closets). The staff were outstanding for the exception arranging a limo to Heathrow for an early morning flight. The concierge booked 14:30 instead of 04:30. But the staff quickly got on problem and were able to locate a limo so we could make the flight, with time to spare as it turned out.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Shame on Hilton,"Tried checking into this hotel and despite the extraordinary cost, my room wasn't ready twice, even 90 minutes past check-in time. When I asked whether I could have a late check-out I was told I would have to call down in the morning and the answer was most likely ""no"".  My room smells of cigarette smoke. It's small, dated and old. The window looks out on a disgusting piece of grimey and litered industrial equipment.   All of this for £400 per night. Internet an additional £15 and breakfast not included. No bath tub.  Do yourself a favour and book the Hilton at Tower Bridge on Tooley Street. It's cheaper and you will have a delightful stay.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
4381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected more due to reputation - Only ate at The Homage. (Didn't stay),"We were very lucky to get a deal on The Bodyguard tickets which included a 'free' meal at the the Homage.It was a lovely (but very wet) day in London with my mum and 2 sisters and were looking forward to the meal as I think the majority of people have heard of the Waldorf so it was a very special meal.  Please don't get me wrong the staff were so helpful and friendly, the restaurant was lovely. The food was good but not wow as I would expect but it was 'free' so was a good experience.  Would I go back? If someone else was paying. As you still have to pay tip and we had a bottle of water, 1 tea, 1 coffee and 1 glass of wine and bill came to just over £30.00.  Thanks for the experience Waldorf, but if I could do it again, dare I say it??? I would go over the road to the Savoy.…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hungry prices, poor rooms","Room charges are extortionate for the quality of room furnishings, comfort and facilities.    My room smells like it has been inhabited by a smoker for several weeks, basic coffee making facilities are covered with stains and not cleaned at all properly, I have one plug to charge my devices.  The room charge, a whopping £379, plus breakfast.  Without doubt one of the worst hotels, and definitely on a value for money basis, I have ever had the misfortune to be booked into.  Never again!  Not recommended, avoid at all costs at this price.  If I had paid <£100 per night it would be acceptable, but this is a rip off.  Shocked.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"Excellent hotel, great location - convenient to so much. Staff are excellent.  So helpful on what to see and how to get there.  We got the room and breakfast package which was very helpful as we had busy days filled with lots of activities.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4380-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great time,"We stayed here for a couple of night one weekend in November and was impressed with the helpfulness of all the staff. Nice big room on the executive floor. Not sure about the clothes horse,  it could give someone a bit of a shock if they woke up and saw it in a half light. The bar can get a bit busy and they don't have enough tables and chairs. ",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great for Theatre Land.,"I stayed here with my friend in April for a weekend. We had a brilliant time. It was in the perfect position. We only used the tube to get to and from the train. The room was lovely, although I wasn't keen on the bathroom door. Breakfast was enjoyable, we opted for the buffet although I didn't eat the pink sausages. Would definitely use this hotel again. In fact 2 people I know have been since I said about it.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"We went to have Afternoon Tea on 9th Sep, and we could not have asked for more. The young man who served us (Shibli) is his name could not do enough for us, he was attentive and chattie without being too much. The whole afternoon was lovely with ample sandwiches, scones and cakes, plus plenty of tea. Throughly enjoyed ourselves, would recommend it to anyone.   Party of 4",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A bit off...,"When you arrive, you pretty much find what you would expect from a hotel with a name like Waldorf in London. Great decor in the Lobby, nicely furnished rooms - with huge bathrooms, but still... you feel that the staff is just in a bit of a hurry to get to the next guest; the pool is a bit hard to get into, with staff that doesn't seem to know where it is exactly; with the door's handle just falling off (!) at random times...  With these little things fixed, the Waldorf would be worthy to it's name, but it just keeps coming up short. And with prices this high, I would think twice about coming back.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Unimpressive,"We stayed here as we had booked the theatre, so close to where we needed to go and as a birthday treat we thought it would be somewhere different and a change from the regular hotels we stay in. Nothing wrong with the other hotels, but wanted to experience something new.   How disappointing the staff were lazy and couldn't give a dam for customer service, in some cases just ride! The hotel itself I guess is OK but its certainly NOT 5* perhaps 4*. For what they were offering we found it expensive. Overall it was the service that let them down more than anything else, lots of Foreign staff who appeared not even to like the place themselves with their attitude! The room itself was nice, a bit small but clean nice decor and generally a very nice room.  One thing that was relatively…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
4389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4385-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"As a loyal Hilton Honours (Gold) member, we booked this hotel for 5 nights even though the cost for a standard room was very expensive, believing we would be guaranteed a certain level of quality. Wrong. Rated as 5 star (other web sites only rank it 4 star), the property was very poor value for money. Room 618 was given to us as an upgrade from a Standard room,as no rooms in the Exec Level were available. After 1/2 hour we rang to chase up our luggage which had not been sent to our room. We were woken first morning by the blazing sun through the bathroom window. From then we hung a bedsheet on the bathroom glass door (which was not cleaned of lipstick and some other mess from previous guests during our stay) to keep the light out, providing only a partial solution. No face…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An evening to remember,"Arrived there as a party of eight on a one night stopover on route Belgium.  As soon as we arrived the concierge was all over us - now you might say “that’s their job” - but it felt that they were really pleased to see us and it provided a great start to the evening.  We were lucky enough to have executive suites and as such, had access to the executive lounge, which was a real bonus as the drinks and snacks were complimentary, a bit like an airport business lounge, but better food.  The rooms were large and well presented with a large bathroom with plenty of light and facilities.  Our room overlooked the road and we were not affected by traffic noise at all.  All in all, a well run hotel with pleasant staff that went a long way to ensuring a great start to our holiday.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"I booked this hotel and it cost me a fortune- Its simply not worth it! there is very little 5 star about it. hairs in the bath, tired carpets and furniture- bathroom very dated badly designed. Beds are uncomfortable- nothing much going for it really. I have stayed at nicer properties- the Gatwick Hilton for instance excellent hotel. No amenties in my room despite being a diamond member! Sorry Waldorf you have not impressed me- shame really as I am in London most weeks on business!",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton we have stayed in.,"Beautiful Hotel, but standards our room (618) and the pool area leave a lot to be desired. before you unpack check that the bathroom has a blackout blind or you won't sleep as the sun shines through the glass bathroom door. the Pool is freezing and the standard of the pool area is far below what is expected of an hotel of this quality. Flaking paint and plaster all around the pool. Don't forget to pack a padlock if you intend using the pool or gym as the lockers don't have locks.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"Stayed here for a night on a coach trip a couple of years back, although expensive, we enjoyed our stay. We asked for a cot to be put in our room for when we got there for my one year old son and that was granted. The staff recognised my lads Stoke City kit and I ended up having a good chat about football with him which made me feel more welcome. The food is excellent and I couldn't move after the breakfast buffet! The only thing I will say, £5 for a bottle of Stella from the mini fridge? 50 yards across the road is a shop and I got 12 cans for a tenner and took them in under the lads pram! Overall a good stay and will go again!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
4394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4390-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Home from Home,"Staying again at the Waldorf Hilton, it is more than a hotel. The staff at this hotel make it a ""home from home"" and nothing is too much trouble. Rooms are a very high quality, service is excellent and everything is just perfect. From the minute you walk through the door, you relax and know you are going to have a great experience.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room not serviced.bed not changed from previous guests!,"We stayed with a coach party. Billed as london deluxe short break! We would have been better off in a premier inn , at least we could have used their excellent 100%gurantee. Checked the bed on arrival.sleep creased sheets and 'debris' in bed.asked for it to be changed.it was quickly. BuT became obvious over rest of short stay that room had not been serviced. Used soap in shower. No teabags ie normal english bfast in tray only fruit.half used shampoo.when i spoke to russian cust service lady next day was offered an upgrade future stay at a cost to us of 120 pounds. Took voucher as upset. e mailed hotel on return but have received no  reply at all.well this is one hickey from the lickey who is not impressed hilton group. I am a senior reviewer who speaks as finds and am quick to…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, decent facilities","There is nothing 'wrong' with the Waldorf Hilton in London. As a matter of fact, it is located at the heart of the West End Theater district and is located in one of the most iconic hotel buildings in town.  It is perhaps just that, that makes the rest of the experience a bit bland.  Don't get me wrong. The rooms are nicely furbished, bathrooms have enough space, the hallways are tastefully decorated.  The elevator comes across as a bit shabby, and some of the carpets could do with some good cleaning.  Breakfast is good and in a beautiful old ballroom. The reception/lounge area is rather narrow and can feel a bit cramped.  The bar is not too big which gives it a nice cozy bar-like feel.  All in all a decent hotel if you can get a good rate, but it is not one of the best in town…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,We have stayed a few times at the Waldorf and it is a lovely hotel in a great location. You are always so well looked after. The bar prices are a bit pricey but you are in London and the cocktails are superb. The nearest parking is about 5 mins walk and is around £40 for 24hrs. The rooms and hotel are always very clean and tidy.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing time,"We went to the Waldorf Hilton for my mums 70th birthday. From the minute we arrived until we left everyone was amazing. We told the girl on reception it was mums birthday, without us knowing she sent wine and chocolates to mums room. We had afternoon tea booked,a harp playing in the background, we gave the staff some balloons, they came out with the balloons plus a cake with a candle singing ""happy birthday"". As we were leaving to go home the pianist played ""happy birthday "". Mum had a fabulous time and couldn't get over how lovely every one was. A big thank you to all the lovely staff at the Waldorf !",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4395-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf,"Stayed here for 2 nights the weekend of the 6th September, the hotel is located perfectly for theatre and restaurants and various sights are easily within walking distance. Also a tourist hop on hop off bus stop is within 50 yards of the hotel which is perfect to see all the sights on a short trip.  We were given an upgraded room (3rd floor has been recently renovated)and complimentary wine as it was my wife's birthday which was a nice touch, cant really say anything negative about this hotel, room was fine and good for short stay, if staying longer then larger room would be better, breakfast good and plentiful in stunning surroundings complimentary bucks fizz was given at breakfast as the dining room was deemed to be too busy that weekend, although never noticed it myself.  Bar…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Its OK, but for the money it should be WOW!","Room was tiny, no electrical sockets, shower pathetic, shower screen leaked. Staff friendly and helpful and food and drink OK. Didn't live up to the Hilton promise of being made to feel special and cared for.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Poor Value, Rooms are Dated and NOT Clean","I was really excited about staying at the Waldorf Hilton in London.  What a disappointment!  The room was small, dated and not to the standard of cleanliness that one would except for the price paid.  I have recently stayed at other London Hotels for the same of less money that were far superior.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
4402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing overall,"We stayed here just the one night with some friends, although the room was a reasonable size it didn't feel terribly clean, it wasn't very bad but not really great either, a severe lack of plug sockets in our room (628) meant I had to straighten my hair using the plug in the wardrobe stood up which wasn't ideal, for more than one night I would have complained but I didn't want to spoil our stay spending all the time moaning to reception. Breakfast was pleasant in the nicely presented restaurant.   We actually didn't pay for our room as a friend kindly treat us using their Hilton points , I do think knowing the prices the rooms are I would have be disappointed overall, the concierge also lost my umbrella when we left our luggage with them, very disappointed with this as it had…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Waldorf, London",Very nice hotel and centrally located to everything the typical tourist or businessman would want to see. We were able to walk to all the main London attractions. Why is there a 200 character minimum? This is irksome.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4400-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointment,"My husband and I recently stayed two nights in this hotel and were very disappointed.  Our room on the 6th floor was small, grubby and poorly maintained.  The heating and ventilation system was most unsatisfactory.  The hotel staff could not produce a satisfactory pillow, took 4 attempts with a final call to the duty manager some 8 hours later.  The shaver socket did not work in the bathroom.  There was only one three pin plug socket in the whole room.  The tea/coffee station in the room was never replenished during our stay. The light inside the cupboard never switched off.  Staff did not appear to understand English.  Wine (house white) cost over £16 per glass. Overall this hotel was extremely poor value for money.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Restaurant with an old style elegance.,"A fine restaurant with old style features and very good service. Have been twice now and my wife and I have been impressed both times with the quality food and surroundings. Not somewhere which is too noisy, exuding a period style which is lovely. Well worth the money, particularly if there is a special offer available.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","This must have been a wonderful hotel beginning 1900 but now it isn't worth its 5 stars. When we last were there, we were given a room for the disabled. Please don't do that! I had to sit on my knees to get a shave because the sink was so low.  The feather duster must have had it's weekend off because on saturday and sunday the dust in the room wasn't cleared. At one day, the room wasn't even cleaned at 4 p.m. We had the buffet breakfast included but if you chose to take something else from the menu, you still had to pay extra, but they gave no refund for the buffet. And if you ask prices for the room we were in of over £400 per night, you should be ashamed to ask £15 for an hour WiFi. The staff is very polite and helpful though. But with this hotel it's all about location;…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement,Stayed for one night during a business trip and have to say I was disappointed. This hotel is in a great location and is continually busy with tourists but badly needs to spend money upgrading its facilities. ,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in the perfect location,"We were lucky enough to get this 5 star hotel through Hotwire.com at a reduced price.  Otherwise we could never have afforded it.  We spent 3 nights at this location and were mesmerised by the old world feel in such a modern hotel.  On first appearance the outside looks like any other and is nothing much to write home about other than the addition of a doorman wearing a bowler hat.  Coming from Ireland this was such a novel way to be greeted, ""Good afternoon sir, may I take your luggage"".  The reception staff were very polite and professional and took pleasure in telling us we had been upgraded.  We couldn't believe our luck.  There were some small issues with prices for food inside the hotel but this is a 5 Star Hotel and that is to be expected.  We were quite happy to travel…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4405-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great afternoon tea,"I had afternoon tea here last weekend with my sister and mum for her birthday. We had a lovely time and the food was excellent. The waitress, however, really was outstanding and the host.  When we arrived I realized that I did not have the Groupon voucher we needed, the host let me use his computer to try and locate it, when that did not work he let me fill out a form and then carry on with the experience. All of this was done away from the table so not to disturb the rest of my party.  Whilst I was sorting the above out the waitress carried on as normal, brought over the afternoon tea and drinks. I did not know this but my mum asked if she could buy a soft drink as she could not drink alcohol ( she has not been well) and the waitress gave her a fresh orange for free.  When we…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf where's the quality gone- Disappointed with 6th Floor Room,"The Waldorf, famous and really was looking forward to it as a last treat before baby arrives. We booked through last minute website costing 200 per night so we assumed the room would be nice as you would think being the Waldorf. Was given room 619 when the lift opened you could straight away see this was not the standard we expected.. Hallway carpets worn and tatty an marks on the walls.  Opened room up and our view was of industrial motors spinning around on top of roofs and very dirty.  Bathroom was no better with cracked tiles and patched jobs.  Bedroom was very small also. Went down to reception and complained, had to have a room upgrade to a room on level 4 which was pleasant but no where near worth the extra 100 I had to pay for the privilege. Just Beware when booking…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Old glamour, new prices","I stayed here just under month , on and off. You cannot imagine a better location for exploring London - its not possible. The staff are well trained as you would expect and the doormen have that friendly eccentricity and great local knowledge that kind of add to your stay. If you are corporate or on a deal then the Exec Lounge makes a difference and the service is five star with a human touch. Its not essential, its a nice to have, at the end of the day its location, location, location - its a quality venue with a slightly off beat twist.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,just another hotel,Average all round. didn't make me feel special on our special trip. comfortable and looks amazing great area of town. Left sitting around on arrival and departure. Breakfast standard hotel ordeal had to wait to be seated along with others.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location","Stayed here for one night as a romantic break with my missus. Its about a 15min taxi ride from St Pancres station, or 28min walk. We started walking but then soon changed our mind. Taxi is about £10.  Initial impressions of the hotel is that it looks grand from the outside. All staff we met, even handy men were polite. As we were early, we left our bags with the conceige and went off exploring. We came back at checkin time, checkin staff were polite, got checked in nicely & conciege happily bought our bags up to our room.  We stayed in a room on the 2nd floor, and were disappointed at how small the room was. It was in fact smaller than our ""box room"" in our own house. The room had a double bed in it, with draws each side which just about squeezed in between the bed and the wall.…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4410-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Upgrade to a suite if offered,"Booked a couple of nights in this hotel on HH points as close to the theatre where we were seeing a show. Stayed here before and some standard rooms can be very small, for the price paid. However, we we offered an upgrade to a junior suit with access to the executive lounge, breakfast and free wifi for an additional small fee.  It was well worth it. These rooms are on the first floor, well proportioned and you can enjoy the "" free benefits "" of food and drink in the executive lounge!",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hmmmmmm... think twice,"Horrible stay.  Great location.  Located in the West Side and so you can walk to all the great shows. Sooooooo many amazing pubs to get lost in.  Rooms were very small, uncomfortable and very expensive.  The staff was rude and not helpful.  I feel that Hilton should drop the ""Waldorf"" name from the hotel as it isn't part of the Waldorf line.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Prime London Location,"Stayed 4 nights and will stay again this year.  Only thing wrong with this hotel is the price!  The staff are courteous and helpful.  Rooms are clean, bed is comfy.  Rooms are small but exactly what you expect in Europe.  The location is the best thing about the hotel close to everything including a tube station to get to those things it isn't close too.  I felt very safe walking to local theaters on my own at night.  Would be nice if they had a spa but the location makes up for almost everything.  I agree with other reviews about the astronomical price but the location is worth it!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 5 nights and were extremely pleased with the location and the excellent service while there.  We had room service several nights and the food was very good.  The rain shower was a little disappointing but overall we really enjoyed our stay.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great customer service and helpful concierge!,"Hotel staff was extremely helpful printing out documents, recommending excellent dining spots and helping out in general with any needs that arose during my stay! The location was central and surrounded by restaurants, shops etc. Although the rooms were quaint, the place was very clean and comfortable!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4415-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in a Great Location,"After a few problems from the start in this hotel, everything was corrected by the next day.  Rooms are among the largest you will find in London and the Executive Lounge was nice for breakfast or relaxing.  The hotel has an on-site LA Fitness Center which guests can access with their hotel key.  However, a relaxing workout after work may not be possible as the music blares extremely loud and a spinning class, complete with a yelling instructor, takes place in the open.  Even Bose headphones won't block out this level of noise.  Hotel staff are friendly and accommodating.  Lots of city buses stop in front of the hotel if you are commuting to the financial district.  Hotel's location in the West End is close to many theatres and restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed..,"Stayed here for our 1st Anniversary, understood that the price also reflects the location which is perfect for where to were sightseeing but for a supposed 5* we were disappointed.  We've stayed in all levels of accommodation and don't have high expectations but do have expectations particularly when paying out £200 per night which is alot for us but due to it being our 1yr Anniversary we wanted to treat ourselves.  Asked for an upgrade and as they had nothing available they gave us a bottle of wine which was nice. Although was disappointed to be told our room wasn't ready and wouldn't be for another hr even though it was check in time - no apology either.  This I don't find acceptable for a 5*. When we got to our 'tiny' room we found dirty tea cups stuck to saucers, a whole 1…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,old fashion eligance,"stayed overnight hear on 31/0813 this is an iconic hotel and while a little old fashioned it has an English elegance we both enjoyed very much. A great location for the shows , and resturaunts of Covent garden",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great anniversary stay,I stayed with my wife in August for a Saturday night as part of our 10th year anniversary.  We had a great time and the staff arranged champs in the room on arrival and we had exec club access and king suite room.  Nothing was too much trouble and the theatres of london were on door step so we went to see top hat.  In all great stay good staff and breakie in the morning.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not for us!,"The staff are ok - cant believe the price of this hotel, too much and not value for money. Location is good however. We actually got an upgrade thank goodness! The room are ok but not spotless and we are in a newly decorated room ... It's not been done to a high standard looks like they have done the new look on a low budget.  The biggest negative is to spend a lot on a room hire and you don't have free wifi this is very wrong they charge £14.99 for 12 hours!",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4420-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely overnight stay,"I purchased a premium membership for myself and one for my daughter so we could go as a foursome to celebrate her and her husbands 30th birthdays. The memberships cost about £170 and last a year.  With the card you get a free nights stay, a free cream tea for 2 people, a bottle of champagne and cake, 50% off you food bill when eating with one other paying guest, 25% off drinks in the bar and a couple of other offers on other hotels. We could not normally afford to stay in such an expensive hotel in the centre of London so this card made it possible. I paid a little extra to stay in a refurbished room. We arrived by taxi from paddington station on a beautiful sunny Friday to be met by a very friendly commissionaire who took our bags for us. It was only lunchtime and our rooms…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5* Trip,Had a £99 each coach trip to this hotel including breakfast which was an absolute bargain. We had two double rooms booked one was for our daughters which was on a different floor. We asked if we could be moved to the same floor which they were able to do straight away. Rooms were on the top floor with small windows so no view but very nice & very quiet only heard one door slam on our stay. No traffic noise at all. It was a great location for exploring London & even blagged a free bus ride to the Tower of London on Bank Holiday Monday....thank you Mr Bus Driver :) This helped as we payed £18 for four cokes the night before in the bar!!! Defiantly go again.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"My family and I stayed here in July for 6 nights. Everything about this hotel is ideal.  Our room was impeccable and extremely quiet. The hotel is very conveniently located close to Covent Gardens, theatres, restaurants, and public transportation. We found all of the staff to be knowledgeable, courteous, and helpful. One employee I would like to single out is Diletta Scarani who went above and beyond to make our stay there enjoyable.   On our next trip to London we will not even think twice about where to stay. This will be the first phone call we make.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,not 5 star,I'm sitting in the rather tatty foyer because wifi in room is $25 per night.When will they learn!  My mistake. I relied on priceline and Hilton rating of 5 star. Maybe a 3. I'm paying US$275 per night. Yes it's london but the room is a shoebox and the public areas are miserable. Again I accept that I was lazy. I bit of research would have avoided this. Pity I have another night.,Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place at the great location!,"This is a Great place at the great location! Executive room is amazing, service is implacable. Newly renovated rooms on the first floor. Very good executive lounge. Good start to explore London. The room was big enough for 3 people. The only thing it did not look like the room picture on Hilton Website which showed an L shaped room with a couch, but we enjoyed it!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4425-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Night Out,"I went with three of my friends which we booked through Book a Table. It is very good value for money, it included three course dinner and two very generous glasses of wine per person. We had four choices in each category, unfortunately none of the main courses were to my liking, therefore I had to choose the vegetarian option. One could have purchased Chefs specials at £9.40 but neither of them were my choice. I started off with the Salmon which was excellent, my friend who is very fond of water, once the waiter noticed she drinks a lot of water he came periodically to fill up her glass.For sweet I ordered an apricot tart, which was delicious, but to my surprise it was a square slice. When the people went to the toilet the waiter came over and folded their napkin. We stayed for…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What an excellent hotel!,"This is the second time I've reviewed this hotel, in fact I enjoyed it that much I've booked to stay there again in October. I've been using this hotel since '95 and it doe get better and better. We stayed in an executive room, so the room was big enough for a third bed for my daughter, the room was so well furnished and decorated and kept so clean. The bathroom & shower were all brand new. In the lounge the staff were so polite and helpful. The Waldorf is just round the corner from lots of theatres we went to see Charlie and the chocolate factory, and then walk a little further and your in Covent garden, then through soho and your in Leicester square, so in my opinion it's one of London's most central hotels. Thanks",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
4431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meal Only,A fabulous place to go for an evening meal.  The staff were attentive and helpful on wine selection.  The meal was beautifully cooked and served.  There was sufficient choice for vegetarians.  The lamb was done slightly pink and it was good quality meat.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Stayed here June2013 great hotel very stylish and we were upgraded because it was a birthday present from my mother and father great location as well would stay again we had access to the executive lounge because of our upgrade this was great and we enjoyed very much look forward to our next visit.,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service as always,"Stayed at this wonderful hotel recently and, after a long time of not being there it was superb to be greeted so warmly and remembered by the staff in reception and on the door.  This Waldorf is a Grand Dame of London and should be on everyone's list!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4430-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and friendly helpful staff,"Great location for visiting all attractions in London, clean tidy and comfortable room, view could be better but that's being picky.  Would have liked the steam room ti be open later at night as after hiking around London would have liked to chill in there but again that's a bit picky. Staff fantastic very helpful and friendly. All in all a great weekend will be back ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good typicaly old english hotel,"Stayed there for the weekend to celebrate our 45th wedding anniversary and paid for an executive suite. We had use of the executive lounge where they serve complementary breakfast, afternoon tea and complementary drinks in the evening. Unfortunately it was spoilt by the hotel letting in common Rif Raf and freeloaders with kids who were noisy and women filling their handbags with all the free goodies available. Restaurant was pleasant and food good.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I was attending a wedding on Saturday 24th August. When I tried to book directly, they said that all the allocated rooms for the wedding were taken. I asked if they would honour another room at the same price. I was told unfortunately not. I told them that if they couldn't honour the same room price that I would have to book another hotel. They said it was fine and told me to ""have anice day"". I booked through Trivago, got a twin room for my friend and I for £219.00 including breakfast, a price that was cheaper than if I booked directly through the HIlton Waldorf. I knew that check-in was 3pm but asked if we could be accommodated for an earlier check-in as the wedding was at 1pm and the reception afterwards at the Waldorf.   Upon arrival at 11.40am, we checked in and were told…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Centrl London Location is The Best Thing about this Hotel,Wanted to charge for Internet access despite my having 2 rooms for 9 days. Also refused to give us access to the Executive Lounge.  Concierage servive was excellent. Very helpful staff. I though that the overnight parking charge was excessive.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected better for the price,"We stayed here because of the reputation the Hilton has. The website pictures looked fabulous and thought a Hilton would be a great place to stay.   It's in a great location, the lobby is lovely and made very welcome. The executive lounge is decorated very stylish and bar and communal areas are high standard.   Our room however was very much a let down. We had to wait for our refurbished room but as we were going out for the day we didn't mind. The rooms were very basic though and not what you'd expect from a well established hotel. The shower trickled out too and had no power in it at all. The bath had stains in it too which wasn't very nice!  I wouldn't stay here again as I've been recommended cheaper hotels with what you'd expect from a 5*  ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4435-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton in London,"Excellent location in Theater District near Covent Garden.  You can walk everywhere from this hotel.  Executive lounge had everything (coffee, tea, snacks, internet, happy hour) throughout the day!  Concierge service was very good for tourists.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very diaappointed,"On our way home from our son in Bournemouth decided to celebrate our anniversary by staying at this hotel and going to see a show. We booked from 29th July to 31st. Unfortunately saw no Room service from going in to coming out, no beds made no bins emptied. When advising of this on our departure was asked for our e.mail address so they could write to us to apologies..  Around a week later I received a phone call again asking for our e.mail address to put things right.  We still have not heard a word from them and it is now 25th August. Needless to say will not be staying there again even though we travel through London regularly to go to our son's in Bournemouth.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always wanted to stay here,Had a 2 night stay at this very nice hotel in an excellent location. Staff throughout the hotel were very helpful and service orientated.  We had a very nice room that was comfortable. However there was an issue with the air con in the middle of the night so it was like sleeping in a sauna (london was having a heatwave). Reported this to staff the next morning and they moved us to a room on the Executive floor which was excellent and would definitely book this room for a future stay. The executive lounge was very nice and a good breakfast selection.  Very close to Covent Garden and about a 10-15 min walk to Charing Cross station.  Wished we could have stayed longer.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in good location,Overall a good hotel and excellent location for seeing the sights of London.  The hotel staff are mostly friendly and helpful once you bring to their attention issues. For some bizarre reason two of our six nights here we were left with no room towels - thought they may not have enough to go around as the hotel was very busy.  Breakfast in the restaurant was OK but the staff came across disinterested in serving and at times  rude.  The rooms were clean and very comfortable but lacked a little sound proofing.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good but not as good as it should be for the reputation or price,"Very nice room -- as a Hilton Diamond, I got an upgrade.  Nice shower head in the bath (though the bath is quite narrow).  The Executive Lounge is really nice.  But, there are odd things.  Hilton seems to be limiting internet access to two devices.  Really?  I'm guessing that anyone who pays those kinds of prices is a) traveling on business; and b) has a laptop, an iPad and a smartphone.  Why two devices?  And, I had to call to reset when I did the wrong two devices first before I realized I couldn't log on with my laptop.  [At least I get the internet for free].  But, somehow, it didn't impress me the way a few other hotels I've stayed at recently did.  Plus, I didn't love the neighborhood -- a little touristy.  If you want to eat late, you are competing with all the…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4440-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I love this place!,"Easy check in, beautiful rooms, great location. You really feel like a guest here, nothing is too much trouble, wonderful stay. From the minute you arrive you are welcome, greeted by a smiling doorman only too willing to take your bags. We had a wonderful romantic break here, Covent garden just around the corner so soak up the great vibe and enjoy.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf experience,"This was a one night stay, as. an experience and to have The Tea!! Sadly it was an experience but not in the right sense. Our room on the 6th floor was shabby ,worn and tired, dark and well certainly not what you expected. Toilet only worked intermittently. t.v not in service , no drawers for clothes and floor creaked for every foot step, just a net type curtain at window no nice heavy curtain. Tea was o.k. but not as good by far as The Piccadilly Athenium, not such personal service and one poor pretty girl trying to serve us all.  Breakfast was well presented and good choice but only warm not hot. Complaint to manager which has been sorted so good marks for that",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth trying!,Just an overnight stay so can only comment on the room and breakfast.  The room had been recently renovated so was up to scratch - comfortable queen-sized bed with heavy duvet and plenty of pillows and a large bathroom.  Continental breakfast was included with our booking and was perfectly adequate.  We could have paid £6 to upgrade to full English which I thought extremely reasonable.  The hotel is conveniently located for Covent Garden and the Theatre District.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely place, lovely price","We've been to many afternoon teas and this was a treat for a family member. We were welcomed from the minute we walked in. The waiter was very friendly and looked after us all the way through, we were cheeky and asked for extra sandwiches and they obliged without any problems. The tea kept coming and was a lovely strong flavour, the scones were lovely and warm and the desserts were nice to finish off. I understand that you can get some discounts from places like groupon but we paid normal price and were very happy with the whole experience.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It may be the Walforf but WOW!!!!,We came as part of a coach trip we saw in our local paper. We had always wondered what it was like inside your hotel. We frequently come to London to see shows but never stayed with you previously. We will be staying with you next time. We have already told all our friends how helpful and friendly your staff are and what a beautiful hotel you have.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4445-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,I stayed with my partner for one night after a trip to the theatre. We thought about going out for the evening afterwards but the room and facilities were so nice we stayed in!  The customer service is excellent and I am more than happy with our stay. Would definitely stay again :-),Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,I stayed at the Waldorf for six nights this month and had a wonderful stay!  I was traveling alone so I wanted to stay someone that was close to everything and where I could walk around in the evening and still feel safe.  This hotel was a perfect location.  it was a five minute walk to the tube station and the bus stop was right outside the door.  I especially enjoyed walking around the area.  There were great restaurants and shows to choose from.  If you don't want to take public transport and you enjoy walking you could walk everything.  Very seldom did I take public transport.  I just walked out the door and explored on foot.  The staff were excellent at guiding me in the right directions with suggestions of places to go and restaurants to eat at.  The service at the hotel…,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Customer Service,"My wife and I came to London for a week long vacation to see a show every night and catch some of the tourist sites we didnt see last time we were there.  We decided to stay at the Waldorf because of the location.  Last time we were in London, we stayed at the Green Park Hilton and enjoyed that as well.  I am a hilton honors member so we are used to staying at lots of Hilton branded hotels.  You always know you are going to get a clean room and good service.  I read the reviews on TripAdvisor and were surprised about the people who bashed the Waldorf.  Some saying it is old, filthy, ""tired"", nasty, etc, and I dont agree with these people at all!  Keep in mind, this isnt a new building.  I dont know when it was built, but I would guess it is well over 100yrs old.  The AC works…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Suffers from its reputation,"The problem with staying at The Waldorf is that expectations are raised because of its name. I had booked as  a Hilton Honors Gold Member using a points plus cash offer . The receptionist tried to updgrade the room - which is normal for Gold members - but said the computer wouldnt allow her . I was put in a standard room on the 8th floor which was ok but very average overall.   On the positive side it was quiet ,had an openable window and seemed free of the usual strange whirrings and extractor-fan type noises that beset hotels. On the downside, you couldnt sit on the bed and watch the tv straight ahead. The tv was on a wall at right angles and couldnt be pulled out so you had to lie on your side to watch it.  The desk had no lamp and was in a dim corner with a pillar , or part…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Service,"My 14-year old son & I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for six nights in June 2013.  We were in London primarily to see plays and the hotel location was excellent for that.  The morning we arrived I was dreading having to wait until 3 PM to check-in after an overnight flight, but the hotel staff accelerated our check-in and got us into a room around 11 AM.  We had access to the Executive Lounge, which was a great plus.  We had five of our breakfast meals there, a couple of ""tea times"" and a couple of evening drinks & appetizers.  Also, it wa a pleasant place to sit and relax and play cards with my son on occassion.  It also had the news on TV and free Wi-Fi.  The hostess was also very pleasant and gave us a few suggestions for activiities in London.  Although our hotel room was a…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4450-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"The Waldorf Hilton, a grand place to stay.","My wife and I spent 6 nights at the Waldorf Hilton after our 12 day United Kingdom cruise. The location couldn't have been better. Within walking distance to most of the attractions. Our room on the 5th floor had been newly decorated and was clean and comfortable.  The executive lounge offers complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails and soft drinks in the evening to those staying on the executive floor or those who are diamond members. The concierge was very helpful with direction, suggestions for dinner and he even booked out all day tour for us.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Terrific location minutes from Covent Gardens and the West End.  Lots of shows, restaurants and shopping.  Short walk to the Covent Gardens tube station Elegant old world hotel.  Professional, friendly, helpful staff.  We were upgraded to an executive king room.  Very spacious and gave us access to the lounge.   Celebrated our wedding anniversary and the hotel kindly left us a cake when we arrived.   We caught an early flight the next morning so to ensure we did not leave hungry (we left before breakfast was served), the front desk arranged a complimentary take away continental breakfast. What class! Highly recommend this property.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Small average room in a nice location,"The room I stayed in (602) was very small, and as it was near to the lift, there was a lot of noise.   The room was comfortable, but not so that you'd want to spend time there apart from sleeping.   The gym was great (rare for London), but apart from that I don't have anything else to put the hotel anywhere above average.   ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average Afternoon Tea at the Waldorf,"The setting was very nice in the Homage Salon. However, I was expecting more from the afternoon tea itself, The pot of tea was nice but the cakes were pretty average and the sandwiches too, although they were presented nicely. We were not even offered a top up of water for our pot of tea. The service was friendly but the experience was nothing special in comparison with other afternoon teas in London.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location in London theatre district; great service,"My wife and I stayed here for a week in August 2013 in a relatively newly-renovated room on the third floor (looking onto Tavistock Street). The room was large enough to be comfortable, was clean and well-decorated, had a comfy bed & pillows, and had a very good bathroom. The room was also very quiet, which was great. We prepaid our stay and therefore got a discount (breakfast included), so we felt that we got value for money, especially considering the location in central London. The breakfast was quite good and had a variety of foods, including gluten-free bread on request. Although you have to pay extra for WiFi, we found the WiFi connection to be fast and very robust (no connection problems and it never disconnected on me for the whole week). The two best things about this…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4455-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel but you pay lot for WiFi !,"We stayed for one night having made a last minute booking for a very reasonable price. The reception staff and concierge were friendly and efficient. Our standard double room wasn't huge but beautifully furnished with lovely attention to detail - All sparkly clean and shiny. We enjoyed the hot powerful shower with great smelling toiletries provided and appreciated a good nights sleep in the comfortable bed. Breakfast was good and there was plenty to choose from.  However I do feel the hotel should provide free WiFi as they clearly pride themselves on high a standard of service. These days a free Internet connection should really be part of the basics provided, particularly for a hotel of this standard, so it was disappointing to be charged £15 approx for one days connection. I…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely afternoon tea,"After buying a Groupon voucher, we went for afternoon tea which included a champagne cocktail.  Our arrival was somewhat hectic following my little one falling asleep but the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating, offering us a table with a bench seat so she could carry on sleeping, we were offered water to cool down and time to sit down and relax.  The afternoon tea came out all at the same time on a stand, and if I'm being a bit picky I would like it to be brought out in stages, to slow down the process and experience, but there didn't look to be enough staff for this to happen.  We asked if there were alternatives for our little one and we we offered more sandwiches and ice cream.  We were very surprised when we asked for our bill to be told that the additional food…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing!!!,"We stayed on 14th august for my birthday ,Fantastic luxury hotel!! Had a lovely room with comfy bed, staff very helpful and friendly, great location perfect just where we wanted to be right in convent gardens! Didn't try the breakfast but the cocktails where amazing! Defiantly be staying again perfect for a couples break! X",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Small rooms,We stayed for one night at the end of July it was ok but the rooms our very small for the price and a bit dated. My husband didn't enjoy the breakfast he thought the eggs to be left out for to long. you get a free paper in the morning. The body lotion in our room was empty.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatres and Covent Garden.,"Having arrived early by rail I wasn't expecting my room to be available and it wasn't . Advised that I had been allocated a 'superior executive room' this was not a problem and I went out to an arranged meeting, after a welcome cold drink in the lounge. On my return in the evening the key card was waiting and my luggage and coat had found their way to my room. From previous experience don't expect a view of London, or indeed any view, from the room. Many just overlook a blank wall, however the room was very comfortable, well equipped and although newly decorated in the modern palette of neutral greys etc they had managed to retain the ambiance of a bygone age. Would recommend booking a rate including breakfast if available, it was very comprehensive and served in the elegant…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4460-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Calling,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in London England on May 17th to May 20th 2013.  It's taken me a few months to finally write this review but I thought it was well worth it to write it later than not at all.  The Hotel is in the theater district and close to everything.  We walked everywhere!  It was so cold when we were in London but at least it didn't rain!  We visited, of course all the touristy places and people were so friendly and helpful everywhere we went.  The hotel was a 5 star and very much worth the rating.  We upgraded when we got there for a few (well maybe not a few) more pounds per night and we had access to the VIP room where we enjoyed refreshments, finger foods and desserts basically all day long or whenever we just wanted a cappuccino before or after dinner. …",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea - a disappointment,"Booked through Waitrose offers - afternoon tea and top quality theatre seats for £54 pp. Went to London yesterday and dressed super smart, anticipating that The Waldorf was a pretty special hotel. Well we got that wrong as the chairs in the lounge area had worn edges on the arms and overall, the hotel didn't ooze the character I had expected.  Clearly they have two types of afternoon tea - the one for those who book through vouchers (Groupon/Waitrose etc) and then one for the people who pay the real price - as they get champagne and no doubt a lot better selection of cakes! We were offered a table in the top section of the restaurant (clearly for the voucher folk) whilst the quality payers had the choice of a much larger area. Didn't like that to begin with. The afternoon tea…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A nice stay, partly thanks to friendly staff","We had a three night stay in a King Executive. The hotel is situated in the West End, ideal for musicals and close to plenty of great restaurants. Our room was of a good size, but a bit gloomy and in need of some refurbishment. Please note that I haven't stayed at any other London hotels in this price range and can therefore not make any relevant comparisons, so take this review for what it is.  The staff was nice and very helpful and the executive lounge was a nice place to relax after a day on the town.  Hilton seem to have some sort of confusing scheme, where certain perks (such as access to a lounge and certain items on the breakfast menu) are included in the price of your room and others aren't. As we had access to the executive lounge we had the option of having breakfast…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Its not whether or not thing go wrong, its about how to deal with them","This review would have been very different, had I written it on Sunday morning.   I had booked into stay at the Hilton Waldorf, now admittedly I had thought this was part of the Waldorf Astoria group, but I have since found out its not. If you accept that its a normal Hilton, its an Okay average hotel. The outstanding thing about this hotel is it location, 2 minutes walk from Covent Garden, Leicester square etc etc. Its brilliantly located.  We initially expected to only stay at the hotel on the Saturday and had made a booking for an executive room then, we then decided to make a weekend of it and booked another room on the Friday. Being a gold card holder, I had assumed that although the rooms weren't of the same class, we would be upgraded the first night so we could stay in…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,We picked a hotel that was centrally located and this is it. it is close to the theaters and public transportation. taxis were outside and getting around was easy. the executive rooms were tastefully modern and the food was good. Staff were very helpful and courteous. I would recommend for the hotel to update/upgrade the appearance of their lobby though.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4465-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Generally very, very good","Booked a weekend away for the girlfriend's birthday to see The Mousetrap and shopping.  On checking in we were upgraded to an Executive Suite which was unexpected.  I had mentioned her birthday on booking and was very pleased to find a birthday cake in the room, thank you Hilton :-)  Room was excellent, bed amazingly comfortable, spotless clean.  Only downer was the TV in bathroom that didn't work.  I mentioned it to the front desk but nothing was done, I fixed it myself in the end.  Hotel fantastic location for West End theatres etc, cocktails in the bar are pricey but very nice.  Breakfast in the executive suite was very busy and with limited choice.  Overall location, room and staff excellent and would stay at the Waldorf again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant but soulless,"A perfectly efficient and satisfactory hotel in a convenient and central location. But it has nothing to lift it out of the ordinary. I can't fault the staff, who were always pleasant and helpful if impersonal.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton - London,"Excellent hotel, well located, wonderful concierge.  Good value, consider the prices in London.  Sorry, I can't write 200 characters.  I had a nice cocktail in the lounge, but it was very expensive.  Executive center was a very nice perk.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great pool,Nice pool Great Location. Took my 8 and 11 year old boys for a long weekend and did not stop.  Great to start the day in a stunning pool and then be 5 mins from Covent Garden or the Southbank. Steff were cool. Front bar staff need better training,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London Disappoints,"Having just spent two weeks at the Waldorf Astoria in New York my husband and I had high hopes for our four nights in London.  Initial appearances confirmed that the location was great but I'm sorry to say that the rest was a disappointment.  If I had taken the time to read reviews we would have taken a UK adaptor with us to London to counteract the round pin sockets in the room.  We had to disconnect the  radio alarm to accommodate our phone charger. Our room, not cheap, was very small and claustrophobic and had little drawer or wardrobe space so we struggled to find room for our clothes and belongings.  We were also aware as the days passed that the towels left on the floor to be replaced were simply folded and returned to the towel rail. We enjoyed breakfast but there was…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4470-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Homage restaurant, Waldorf, London","After a previous poor experience we were offered a complimentary set dinner. Was it that we were returning as previous disgruntled customers that a special effort was made? It did not appear so as the whole dining room appeared to be having a positive experience. Our waiter was attentive but not intrusive - well done Arvids. Our wine was a classic Chablis and refreshing with our meal. The food was well presented and hit the taste buds favourably. I did not see any plates collected that had not been scraped clean. There was no urgency to hurry customers for a next sitting and overall a pleasant experience. Would recommend. Thank you to Thibault Matherat , Restaurant Manager for our return invitation",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,Very expensive and very nice. Very expensive and very nice. Very expensive and very nice. Very expensive and very nice. Very expensive and very nice. Very expensive and very nice.Very expensive and very nice.Very expensive and very nice.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Somewhat Underwhelming, I only wanted a square pin socket and had to change rooms","For my birthday, my wife Ann surprised me with a trip to the west end  of  London  (only about an hour from home on public transport) to see War Horse (which was fantastic by the way). Part of the treat was also an overnight stay in a ‘Queen deluxe room’ in  the Waldorf Hotel in The Strand, which I have always imagined to be something special and one of the better hotels in London. I am disappointed therefore to report that I am somewhat underwhelmed by our experience of the Warldorf, and my reasons for this are outlined in the following.   We arrived at the hotel at around midday, but we knew we could not check in until 3.00pm but we wanted to leave our bags with the concierge whilst we went up to Covent Garden. To their credit, the Waldorf were very good and promised to phone…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,just not that special,"I booked the Waldorf Hilton as a treat for my husband’s birthday, we had a Queen Room and I was really looking forward to the weekend.  We arrived early to drop our bag and the hotel reception staffs were very helpful taking my number so they called call us when our room was ready.    They did call us when the room was ready and after our lunch at Jamie Oliver’s restaurant we went back to check in.  We were given a room 622 which was a nice size but no view as it was on the internal side of the building, the air con did not want to cool the room down, but we could live with that!    We needed a 13 amp square pin plug socket (UK Standard socket) that is within 5 foot of the bed, and unfortunately the plugs in the room were all round pin plugs (like the ones we had back in the…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice hotel","Had a total of 6 nights. No complains during my stay with good staff service at concierge lounge, though I felt the food and particularly the quality of the fresh fruit could be improved. Every day the breakfast was the same with not even the slightest variation. The room I had was an executive plus so it was recently refurbished and very nice. Facing the main street and was well insulated against noise though slightly noisier in the bathroom. The half screen over the bath tub made showering without wetting the whole floor a bit of a challenge and the first night, all my towels were deployed to soak up the mess! This is an expensive hotel, but its location near the theatres and Covent Garden cannot be beat. Book early for the best rates. PS agree with all other reviewers, the…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4475-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Astoria,"We purchased in the Hilton sale, as a birthday treat. We stayed Sunday night as it was cheaper, and we purchased an executive room so we could use the executive lounge. Breakfast in executive lounge had ample choice, no need to pay extra for breakfast. We had a fantastic stay and made sure we used all the facilities in the hotel",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice,"Just spent 1 night at this hotel recently..... It is in a perfect location, considering we were going to see mamma Mia which is next door! 5 min walk to covent garden. Staff were great, very helpful, and caring. Got upgraded in to king room, which was lovely! On the 4th floor. Newly refurb room. Bed huge and very comfy, very spacious. Bathroom also big! Only negative I can say is......dining hall very old, and dark! I like to see the morning sun while eating breakfast, and no natural daylight into this room at all. Like the rest of hotel actually, old and needs to be brightened up a bit. But then that's personal opinion, I prefer new to old hotels. Overall, breakfast was ok...... Enough to choose from. And service and room very good! Would def return especially if your going to…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a good location,"AS we only stayed one night its easy to give a full review on the hotel, however we found the staff pleasant and friendly the room on the 6th floor was clean and well appointed apart from no teabags for our morning cup, the previous customer had used them teabags and returned the empty packet upside down to the holder so it looked full. This was no big deal as we went around the corner for breakfast which was 2 for £10 instead of the £22 each the hotel wanted to charge. We had a couple of drinks in the bar on our return from the theatre which was fine apart from the usual extortionate hotel prices. The room was at the end of the corridor so very quiet the bed was comfortable and we both slept well. Overall the stay was pleasant and if we would use the Waldorf again if the price…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
4482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"We have stayed many times at the Waldorf, and it is always our first choice in London Great location, friendly staff, and the Executive Lounge is very welcoming A step back on time, with a modern twist Highly recommended",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel & Staff,my family and i stayed at The Caledonian Hotel in Edinburhg and i have to rate the hotel 5 stars. the staff are all very freindly and helpful and the hotel is in great condition. my family and i will be back for another stay.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4480-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Classy Hotel in central London,"Locatio, location, location. The Waldorf Hilton is a very classy Hotel located close to everything I like in London. Walkin distance from Picadilly, Leicester Square, Covent Garden and the West End ans surrounded by excellent restaurants and bus stops, The hotel (I was there in 1982) has been refurbished in the same classic style. Rooms are large, clean and well decorated. The Staff was friendly and attentive. Concierge was very helpful",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night,"My wife and I only spent one night at this hotel but there will be more.I felt it was unfair to give five stars because we only stayed for the one night (but I wanted to).The whole experience was fantastic,the location is perfect for sightseeing,theatre etc.The room was perfect-bed  comfortable,breakfast-delicious and finally the staff were all so helpful and friendly,worth every penny our daughters spent sending us there for our 60th birthdays !!",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not your typical Waldorf!,"I had stayed previously at the Waldorf Hilton in NY and after a fantastic stay in NY, we decided to stay at the Waldorf in London. My brother and his wife were with us. We were EXTREMELY disappointed!! We got to our room to find it unbelievably hot. Then we noticed one double bed - we had reserved a King bed. I tried to turn the TV on and the remote, which didn't have a back on it, didn't work! When I went down to the desk to complain, I was told that I had a ""Standard"" room and my brother had reserved a ""Deluxe"" room. He had a very nice room with a king bed. I guess I never thought that the Waldorf had ANYTHING ""standard and for $300/night, I wouldn't have expected this! Make sure when you make reservations, you clarify if you're getting the Waldorf type room or the ""cheap""…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
4487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"Hotel was fine, not Waldorf Historia New York fine, but was satisfactory for a 3 night business trip.  Room was quiet, bar was good.   Location was too far from my destinations, however, that was my fault.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea - very disappointing,"The Waldorf describes their afternoon tea experience on their website as ""the English afternoon tea of your wildest imagination"" - it's not.  I booked this as part of a special day in London with my daughter to celebrate her birthday.  We were completely underwhelmed.  The food was OK, but the service was abysmal.  We were constantly trying to gain someone's attention to order (when I say order all we were trying to do was tell them which sort of tea we wanted), then to ask where the food was and then to ask where the tea was.  This took half an hour.  There was no atmosphere and no sense of occasion.  We would have been much better off in the lovely little Italian café next door. There was a £5 supplement each as it was the weekend and then a 12.5% service charge.  They even…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4485-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, location, location","Great hotel, pricey to be sure, but ideal for a West End show and dinner. (We saw Mamma Mia...highly recommend it!) Very nice rooms and buffet breakfast, very friendly 'welcome' by the 2 splendidly attired and professional doormen...a nice touch and one that adds a 'Walfdorf' touch of class to what is afterall a Hilton.   My only negative comment is the swimming pool. A bit run-down, small, dingy, dark, murky and, quite frankly not somewhere we wanted to linger. The photo on the website is nicer than the reality. It's part of a gym complex which is a members gym which hotel guests can use so it's more interesting for those working out than those chilling out.  Anyway, it's a classy looking place...you can see it's Waldorf heritage, it's  ideally situated and only a couple of…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Traditional Decor","Excellent location right in the centre of London, theatres on your doorstep & right by the river. This was the biggest plus for us. The reception & concierge staff were lovely, very helpful & polite. The room was apparently recently refurbished but the hotel has stuck with a traditional style, which might not be to your taste if you are looking for something modern. Our room had a large black mark on one wall and very dusty shelves inside the wardrobe. As we were staying one night we did not take this up with reception but I have no doubt they would fix any problems right away. The bed was very comfy and we had a great sleep, it was very quiet too. One thing to look out for is the shower, which is excellent, but creates a bit of a flood! We ate breakfast down the road at the…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
4491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea in Style,"Just been for champagne afternoon tea. Arrived to a piano planning in the lobby which was a surprise and very welcomed, and lovely chandeliers and lighting everywhere. If you like traditional you will appreciate the building and decoration. Champagne cocktails to start,  I normally don't care too much for the sandwiches, however very good quality on the fillings and could taste the difference. Great selection of tea, very different with oranges. Lovely scones and cakes. Overall a memorable experience and would definately go back. On way out the doorman was happy to have a pic taken as a reminder, nice touch!!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
4492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"Managed to find a great deal via Expedia for a birthday/anniversary celebration overnight stay at The Waldorf Hilton. Was a bit hesitant at first after reading some of the mixed reviews but needn't have worried as our stay was superb. After a late arrival, we were delayed slightly in gaining access to our room as the only Deluxe Room available was a smoking room. Not a problem at all for us as we are both smokers, but as the management had gone to the trouble of installing an ionizer to cleanse the room we were offered a complimentary cocktail in the bar whilst they sent housekeeping to remove it for us.  The room we were allocated was very spacious and clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in (definitely a Hilton thing). The only downside for me was the…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Great hotel in a fantastic position.  The staff were very welcoming and helpful.  The breakfast had terrific choice and was a great start to the day.  Would definitely recommend this hotel for a luxury stay.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4490-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unfussy Elegance,"In London for a mid week wedding anniversary theatre break. Hotel is in ideal location for theatre land and Covent Garden. Stayed with Honors points and was upgraded on arrival. Reception staff were excellent as were the staff in executive lounge, who went the extra mile to cater for my wife's Gluten allergy. (Thank You, you probably don't realise just how much difference your efforts added to the enjoyment of our stay). Room was very comfortable with very efficient and welcome air con. Thoroughly enjoyed our short stay and will definitely return.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed!,"Stayed here for 2 nights in June with a friend using Avios as part payment.  On arrival at 8.30 pm our room was not ready, not a good start!  We were told we were getting an upgrade but when we were issued our room it was on the seventh floor, then up steps and along the furthest maze of corridor I've ever come across.  We were right at the back of the hotel, stuck away like an afterthought.  The room itself was OK, but having stayed here before I knew this room was not to the usual standard of the hotel.  We were so tired by this stage and still had to go out to eat that we just accepted it.  My friend needed to plug in her phone to charge and we could only find one socket in the whole room that already had an alarm clock plugged into it.  Both of us needed to use hairdryers,…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,disappointing service,"we stayed here only one night while in London. Not accommodating at all on getting us adjoining rooms with our kids-even though we are Diamond members-unfriendly attitude by front desk; very small noisy lobby. Bellman never even noticed us carrying our huge pieces of luggage up two sets of steps into the lobby. And of course, since coffee in the morning is only in the restaurant, I ordered a pot of coffee for two via room service-took longer than expected and arrived on the cool side. Not a great stay for us but we were only there one night so we got over it.  Probably wouldn't recommend this hotel to a friend.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice quiet London hotel in good location,"Other than the 5 minute walk to the tube station (covent Garden) which is probably the worst tube station in London, and the quite ""tired"" looking swimming pool, the Hotel is great, excellent attentive and caring staff, great location for theatre district etc and an easy stroll down on to the Thames, overall definitely recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,afternoon tea.,"booked as a birthday treat by a friend,excellent attentive staff throughout,one lady even came over to give us a history of the hotel,which was very good,also server was impeccable,explaining procedure and giving us plenty of time,whilst there there were a group or tour being shown around,so we had a group of people walking past our table ,it was like being in a pedestrian street,why ????/,it did spoil the ambience a little,the food was ok,nothing to shout about,scones a little dry and hard,overall enjoyed it, made worthwhile by the excellent staff,which are a credit,,,,next day had another tea at the hilton tower bridge ,less ambience but far better,food quality.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4495-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location,"The hotel is ideally located for Covent Garden and the west end theatres, we have stayed there many times and find the upgrade to executive rooms well worth while if they are available.  The staff and very friendly and helpful, the main problem is that the lifts are totally inadequate for a hotel of that size and it is sometimes necessary to travel to the top in order to get in a lift going down!  It is time the Hilton group followed others in providing free Wi-Fi bit BT customers can use it for free. Some rooms can be a bit noisy",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor room","Our double room was not worth the rate, whilst the room itself was ok, it was rather dated, but the worst bit was the bathroom. Very much needed an update, but even more a good clean. Very tired around all the little bits and certainly less clean than it should be.  I guess it is used due to its location.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Best location at west end,"That's the second time we stayed at The Waldorf Hilton. This time I think the service was not as quite good as it was 3 years ago. But, it still is a very good place to stay  in London. Near the theaters, cinemas, good restaurants. Good rooms, very good breakfast. But we still have to pay for the wifi. This said, I think that, in a future trip to London, I would stay at Waldorf again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Afternoon Tea Experience,"I loved the afternoon tea at this hotel. The service was impeccable, the range of tea on offer was deligtful and the cakes and sandwiches was to-die-for. I do think that the price under normal cicumstances would be expensive at about 35£ per person, including Champagne, but I accept that this hotel is located in the middle of London.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Once was not enough...a second time was even better!!!,"On my last trip to London, I stayed at three different hotels -- and the best of them was the Waldorf Hilton.  So on the return trip, the choice was clear to stay at the Waldorf.  While I was expecting an equally good experience, I have to say I was happy to have an even better experience the second time around. From the helpful doormen to the front desk, the beginning of the stay was very pleasant.  Our room wasn't ready but we were happy to wait out our arrival at the Executive Lounge.  Well maintained and with an adequate stocking of nibbles and beverages, it was not a bad wait. We were thrilled to see our suite --- two room, two bathrooms, a tub with a tv to watch while soaking, a walk in shower, and all the comfort anyone could wish for. We had traditional English…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4500-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,HAPPY WITH OUR STAY!,"Myself and my Best Friend came here on Sunday 7th July with Holiday Coach Company GB Tours for 1 night (paid for as a gift from her and Husband for my 40th Birthday)! Included in the break was 1 nights accomodation, breakfast and Afternoon Tea on the Monday. The room was really lovely, crispy white sheets, plenty of wardrobe space, tea and coffee facilties, iron and board, safe, hairdryer, bottles of water, bathrobes. The Bathroom was huge with a separate bath and shower cubicle and was nice and clean. My Partner had given us a bottle of Champagne to take with us on our girlie trip and we rang reception to ask for an ice bucket, a nice young lady came to us within minutes with it. We went out for drinks in convent garden in the afternoon and when we returned we had a call from…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Terrific Value, Terrific Location","I was skeptical that a Hilton could provide a first class hotel experience in London, but I was mistaken. The Waldorf Hilton with its renovated rooms was lovely, well located and staffed with personable, attentive employees. It made a trip to London by myself a homey, delightful time.n It was also great to go down to the bottom level pool each day for a swim.  I broke my stay into two segments. The first room was the size of a phone booth although modern, clean and quiet, but the second half of my  trip I stayed in a lovely Queen sized room which I hated to leave. Will return here next time I have to be in London..",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"Great location - easy access to tourist locations (both cultural & historical) as well as public transportation.  Great Concierge, food & staff - clean & spacious rooms. I would definitely stay here again & recommend it to anyone making a quick visit to London.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Food : good but for one suggestion : perhaps a couple more sandwiches and a couple less of cream cakes.... Service : excellent if you are lucky enough to be served by Shibli, but foreign waitress just plonked high tray on our tiny table making it impossible for us to see each other, and we could not understand her accent explaining what was on the tray...we had to move tray to one side and due to lack of room had to move our seats on edge of table to be able to see each other... Setting : a little dark and dingy for an afternoon tea...  Would still return as good value for money...",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 Hot Nights In the Waldorf,"Have used this hotel many times, and usually find it acceptable! However this time the experience was below par, Ac in 2 rooms not working during the hottest days in London for years, no real effort made by the hotel to remedy the problems, think the building is showing its age! Best to go there when you don't need AC. Also room not cleaned by 4.30pm either!",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4505-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,A good comfortable hotel. We had a junior suite. The room was of excellent quality. The hotel in general is average. We found the prices on the high side. Reception staff were attentive and efficient.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Sure,"We went here for a second of 2 nights in London as a birthday treat for my wife . Stopped night one at a Travel lodge and then spoilt ourselves .by going to the Waldorf. Service was fine . A bit of a mix up on booking in , wrong room key , but no big shakes.  Looked after bags having arrived early and same again on leaving which helped make most of the 2 days . They were sweet , knowing it was my wifes birthday and delivered a nice cake to our room. For some reason they choose 2 or 3 oclock in the morning to slip a note under your door to let you know about the minibar use ? A bit confusing and as my wife mentioned , may be a bit unearving if you were on your own . Pool was lovely and the setting for breakfast was lovely . Room was a bit small but lovely .  All this is pretty…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I've had bettere Afternoon Tea in London,"First stop - the toilets. For a Hilton, l expected a lot better! A slightly upgraded public toilet to be pleasent but the smell was not great! :( Nice pleasent room with lovely decor. Waiter service was better after a change of staff -Nothing was really explained to us properly & it was difficult to attract attention. The choice of teas was quite good but the sandwiches & pastries lacked flavour & imagination. All in all, pleasent but I would pay more & go somewhere else. The service charge was not at all warranted nor was the surcharge for a Saturday aftetnoon! ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little disappointed,"Perfect location for us doing all the tourist things in a short space of time , Buckingham Palace , museums etc etc , heaps of lovely restaurants / cafes as I found the cost of food extremely expensive for what it was and got better food close by. Staff were hard to get attention from as they were extremely busy   Finding writing this review quite challenging as my experience was very Blah .......",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's all in the name... great expectations but could have been better,"The words Groupon and Waldorf are not normally two you expect to see in the same sentence. Fortunately for us, it can happen.  We were delighted to accept an invitation from a friend of a friend to join her for dinner courtesy of a Groupon offer.  Investigation of the hotel website in search of a map yielded no such practical information but instead suggested that hotel guests, having arrived at one of the London airports, should make their way to a mainline station and from there, travel by taxi to the hotel.   Dining in London is a always a special treat for us and we were excited as we caught the 4.35 train from Waterbeach, all dressed up and armed with a printout of a google map to make sure we wouldn’t get lost!  It was the first of the hot days of this strange summer of…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4510-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf London,"The reputation that the Waldorf is 'glamorous' and 'opulent'. However, the reality does not live up to this.  The cost of the stay is high and the size of room and facilities you receive are small. The standard of cleanliness in the en-suite was also below par. The staff, however, are incredibly helpful, welcoming and attentive.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton London,"Fantastic overall experience.  Hotel is in a brilliant location close to Covent Garden and the theatres in the West End.  Staff were extremely pleasant, welcoming and friendly from the concierge to the lovely young girl who cleaned our room.  Breakfast was superb and served in a beautiful dining room.  Wish we'd had time to sample the spa and will definitely do so if we visit again.  Lovely ambience in the bar for cocktails after the theatre.  Truly memorable trip.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location in the Heart of Covent Garden!,"Loved the location. Surrounded by the London theater district. Short walk to major sightseeing areas.   Rooms were Comfortable, Modern, and Good Size.   Nice breakfast in the morning.   Doorman was extremely helpful and friendly.  All in All a good place to stay while visiting London.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Staff, Good Rooms","First rate location for those who like to be within walking distance of lots of things.  Just minutes on foot to Trafalgar Square, Soho, British Museum and B'ham Palace grounds. Tourist bus stop about a block away.  Nearest Underground station a bit of a trek. Staff very friendly, helpful and patient, especially with us daffy Americans. Rooms very clean and well-appointed.  Quiet at night. Breakfast buffet has enough variety to satisfy all but folks with extreme dietary prejudices. Hotel is top of the list for my next visit.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location! Fantastic service!,"I booked regular room at a discounted price through Hotwire. Was placed on 7 th floor which was very different from other floors. Infact, you had to take lift to six floor and walk up to seventh. Whole floor looked like three star hotel. Room old and toilet did not work properly. Upgraded to suite and literally night and day. Was placed on third floor and room was perfect. I felt like I was in a completely different hotel. Had access to executive lounge which was incredible. Excellent food a drinks, a must have if you stay at this hotel. Location was perfect!!! Right in the heart of the theatre district. The only negative is hotel restaurants outrageously expensive and be careful when making phone calls. They charge anywhere from 2-5 pounds per minute for local calls. Found a…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4515-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don´t be missled by the name.,"We have booke a 3 nigth stay in a Queen Hilton Guest Room. With check in at 3:00 pm we expected to go directly to the room. But when we arrived at 3:30pm the room was not ready yet.  The staff offered us a free drink from the bar witch we appriciated. At 4 pm I went to ask for the room.  It was still not ready, but we could have another room. It was an upgrade they said, new renovated Queen Hilton Guest Room. A + room. We accepted. But the room was wery small and the view was a grey brick wall 3 meters from the window only if you lean forward and look to the right you could se the sky and a backyard.  Not what I expect from a 5 star hotel and to a price of 200 GBP. a day. But it was nicely renovated, clean and frech painted, so we decidet to stay. But I still wonder how the…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed.,"We had 2 stays at this hotel in July in a Junior suite 518 , we loved the room and the first stay was great but the second when the hotel was full left a lot to be desired. They are obviously way under staffed here in summer peak periods and we had to cart our luggage up the stairs on both occasions after a long haul which is not good enough for this class of hotel. On our last night we had our make up our room light on all but 45min of the day but returned home with bins full we had to make our own bed and ask for fresh towels. We asked for a late check out being Diamond members and were given an hour reluctantly. We were so cranky until 10min before we left when we were approached by Nader from Guest Relations who acknowledged the problem and apologised which made us feel a…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Star - not quite!,The Waldorf Hilton is ideally positioned for Theatreland and Covent Garden and it served it's purpose well during our recent visit - although all things considered there are better quality hotel options in Mayfair with our favourite being the Park Lane Hilton. We took advantage of a reservation using our Hilton Honors points and also paid for the discretionary upgrade if available on check-in. The receptionist was extremely friendly and advised us that we had indeed been granted an upgrade to a Deluxe Plus room on the first floor but that it was still being cleaned when we arrived at midday. We knew that check-in was 3.00 pm and it suited us to leave our bags and to take lunch in Covent Garden followed by some planned retail therapy. We were told that we would receive a text…,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Executive Lounge and Location,"For a diamond member, this hotel was awesome.  The benefiit of havign access to the executive lounge made this trip so much more enjoyable.  The newer remodeled rooms are awesome too.  Nice staff and great location.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Star experience,"Lovely, Lovely hotel just returned from another great weekend.  Everything you want, reasonable price for London, fab location, comfortable plush clean rooms , very friendly  staff, especially reception, who are so nice and helpful.   Great breakfast, complimentary bucks fizz on Saturday morning served by a very attentive waitress. Always highly recommend this hotel, our second visit this year our third in two weeks time. Thanks again for giving us another memorable stay, and for the yummy welcome back cake.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4520-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class accomodations,"This hotel is located in a fabulous location.  Close to tube stations, theaters and The Original Bus Tour stops right out front.  The staff was exceptional and willing to assist with questions and bookings.  The rooms are comfortable and plush.  This was my second stay at this property and I highly recommend it and hope to return again.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful location, luxury revamped rooms , exec lounge a winner","On our previous visit we had an incident that I felt hadn't been followed through. Celeste the on duty liaison took our concerns to heart over service . This time we had a stay that surpassed expectations. I think the Waldorf are doing an excellent job upgrading their rooms as the newer ones are if a v superior standard. The executive lounge if you are lucky enough to get access is amazing with breakup, afternoon t and cocktails with canapés laid in served by outstandingly friendly & capable staff. That and the pool plus the amazi g standard of our luxurious double room made our stay, THANKYOU for sorting our problem out my daughter now prefers the Waldorf with its comfy new beds and super location next to Coventry garden to the premier inn Victoria , and that wasn't the case…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't stay if you have a choice,"After a long flight and jet-lag, you'd hope to be able to take a good rest at the 5-star hotel that you have booked. But no, because almost nothing in the room was working.  Here's my advice: don't stay if you have a choice.  If you have to, don't take things for granted. Don't expect slippers to be available (when you ask for slippers, wait for 15mins, then call the housekeeping again to remind them; if you ask for more than 1 pair, expect them to send one pair at a time; expect the staff who send slippers up to behave in a way that made you feel like you have done something wrong or that you're trying to steal their slippers by asking for more than 1 pair even though you're staying in a suite which accommodates for 3 people and having specifically asked for 3 pairs of…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
4527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located for the theater district; good service but you have to ask for it,"This hotel is located in the heart of the theater district - if the London theater and covent garden is your destination look no further - this is the place for you.  Don't be put off by the small, ill lit lobby - a slight walk to the right takes you to the large, airy and bright restaurant where a sumptuous buffet breakfast is served.  Make sure to get a rate that includes breakfast - you have to ask for it. Rooms are on the smaller side but decent for European standards - room with King bed had walking room for one around the bed and a nice desk and sitting area to the side.  Bathrooms were functional - rainshower in the bathrooms is a nice touch though water pressure is not sufficient for it.  The manager and concierge provide great service - but you have to ask for it.  I…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Cocktail master class,"Fantastic evening at the Waldorf for a 2 hour master class in cocktail making. This was followed by dinner in the restaurant. Excellent pace and made two fabulous cocktails...shaken, not stirred! Would recommend this type of evening as a social event for a small group (no more than eight).",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4525-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,nice atmosphere - structural issues,"Stayed here for the first time since it became a Hilton. had two rooms. The refurbishment looks nice superficially, but the rooms contain many flaws, from the lack of lighting in the bathrooms to the lack of attention to the doors – clonking and unnecessarily loud. Beware the room types – we reserved a “Queen Hilton Guest Room” and were given a very small room with a what looked like a double bed. The double-double room was spacious and airy - althoung AC dd not work. The rainshower (in both rooms) did not work properly - too little pressure made the water trickle, now ""shower"".  Service was friendly, and breakfast was, although not cheap, good value seeing the variety and quality offered.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay with my family.,"The Hotel itself is situated in the heart of the theater district.  It is extremely close to basically everything you want to see in London.  There were a total of 10 family members that stayed at this hotel and all of us can't say enough about the excellent service that we all received!  All of the staff members gave 5 star service.  They were always asking how the stay was going and asking if there was anything we needed.  In addition, I recommend trying to get a room with Executive Lounge access.  The amenities in the lounge are excellent.  Furthermore, the staff in the lounge is there to please! Lastly, three staff members that you might run in to if you decide to take my advice and stay at the Waldorf London are Diletta, Clare, and Elisa.  All three are excellent…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton Another Great Stay (April 2013),"This was the 3rd time staying at this hotel for good reason. Booked my Wife and Niece in for a special treat and obviously shopping. They stayed this time in a Junior Suite which was according to my Niece ""mega"" !!!, she loved the executive lounge as she felt really special and was treated like a grown up and helping herself to the odd bottle or two of coke (sugar rush before shopping). Anyway once again great hotel and staff superb and a special that's to Lelya the guest relations manager for making their stay sooooooooooo very enjoyable. Roll on December and we will be back again.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, maybe some lacks in service","Hotel is nice, good location, but need some improvements in service. Concierge could do a better job, also front desk guys - some more smiles could do the work. We had to walk quite a bit as concierge was unable to get us a taxi for 15 minutes. I thought they would have some taxis prepared all the time :) Otherwise rooms are OK, clean, breakfast tasty;",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as good this time,"I stayed here for one night in July. This was my second time at the Waldorf Hilton, though this time it was a reservation made on hotwire rather than through Hilton. Though the room I ended with was okay, this seems to be a property with a priceline/hotwire floor. I got a room on the eighth floor (the elevator only goes to 7, so I had to walk up one floor). The room itself was decent but clearly not as nice in terms of decor and furniture as the room I got last time. There is, of course, nothing wrong with this. I do not expect the best rooms when I am on a hotwire/priceline reservation, but this is one of the few times I really felt that I was given a clearly inferior product. Another issue was the service in the bar. Shortly after I arrived I went for a drink and sat at a…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4530-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Hotel is in a good location,"We recently stayed at this Hotel with a group on Business.  The Hotel is in a great location but the service was nothing like a Hilton.  The Hotel is doing some renovation and the rooms are okay but some have no drawers at all in them.  Our room was an older one which was okay but very worn.  The shower never had enough pressure to wash your hair promptly although they did try to fix it.  The cleaning service was the worst that I have even experience.  I wrote on the dresser several times and it was never cleaned until we called the housekeeping line.   One of the guest in our group room was always late in getting cleaned, for example they asked for it to be cleaned when they left at 8am and at 6pm it was not.  When I inquired about it one of the guest relations manager wrote…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Perfect Host,"I went with friends and family to a cocktail masterclass at Good Godfreys Bar, followed by dinner in the restaurant.  We all had a fantastic evening - Nelson was in charge of the cocktail class and he made us all very welcome and under his guidance he soon had us mixing the best mojitos we had ever tasted.  We then mixed his own creation - The Perfect Host - a mixture of bacardi, apple juice, celery and basil.  Believe me, celery has never tasted so good and now I think why waste basil in tomato sauce?!  This was followed by a delicious dinner. We received excellent service from our waiter (I'm sorry I didn't get his name as he deserves a mention).  All the staff were friendly and professional, the ambience was great and it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening. Good luck with the…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location next to Covernt Garden,"Picked this hotel based on its location next to Covent Garden, as we were going to the opera. Our room wasn't ready for our very early arrival, but HHonors membership got us access to the Excutive Lounge for breakfast #2 of the day. Also we got upgraded rooms - however, we didn't get a TV remote control, there were a few shabby chipped bits in the bathroom and the bath didn't drain. On each day it was emptied but the problem with the drain cover ws not repaired. At the end of the stay we got the room for an extra 30mins for free - could have been longer but they were fully booked. The gym belongs to LA Fitness next door and opens reasonably early during the week, but mid-morning at the weekend - so no sobering up dip those days. Overall, good hotel and would stay again. Thanks…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent service. Superb location for plays. Good executive lounge. Air conditioning lacking somewhat.,"Staying here on points, we were delighted with the service and location.  The concierge staff were outstanding.  Our room was quite small, and somewhat of a disappointment given my status as a Diamond within the Hilton rewards program.  Still, however, with a nice executive lounge with a fairly good evening service and complimentary wines/beer/liquors in the evening hours from 6 to 8:30, it was a very good bargain indeed.  If you're interested in West End plays, the location is excellent.  The hotel is also only 10 minutes walk from the British Museum, closer in time than the 12 minute bus ride it would take.  I'd happily return here, on points or for cash.    The air conditioning was quite weak.  It was not unbearable by any means, however.   Should you be exiting from Kings…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hotel booking,"I booked a room for my wife and myself some 6 weeks before our proposed visit on the hotel's own website. I chose a room and paid for it there and then. On arriving at the hotel I was somewhat surprised that they had no rooms available of the type I had booked and the only option was to downgrade me and give me some money back. If I had wanted a lower grade of room I would have booked it and was not very happy about the position but the girl on reception (not her fault to be fair) could only shrug her shoulders. Of course their small print covers this, but are there any other sorts of business where you can take the customers money for an item then refuse to feel obliged to deliver it?I will not use Hilton again but stick to quality smaller hotels who perhaps have a conscience.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4535-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,London Treat,"Excellent central location just 2 minutes walk from Covent Garden. Once inside you felt completely away from the hubbub outside on the streets.  Staff were extremely friendly, smiling and helpful.  Wonderful ambience and a great overnight venue for a trip to the city.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Will not be rushing back,"Our stay at the Waldorf was to be a special night away with business colleagues and friends to attend a function at the Royal Artillary Company.  We decided to book Junior suites for us and our friends, plus 3 single rooms for business colleagues.  We arrived at the requested time 3pm in order to enjoy the afternoon tea in the Executive Lounge.  Our rooms however were not ready!!  This was annoying as the ladies wished to hang up their dresses.  We therefore went straight to the lounge, the room cards to be delivered there.  The lounge was full of quite loud families, and was not furnished to a five star standard. The afternoon tea was very nice, including scones jam and cream, a selection of sandwiches (with very mean fillings) and cakes.  it was a pity that one had to keep…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Stay Away From Room 731!,"Booked room months in advance.  Arrived at 9:30 pm, very tired after traveling all day.  Was given Room 731:  1)  Bathroom moldy and filthy, toilet did not flush properly, shower was either scalding or icy, also was very hot and stuffy.  Engineer fixed toilet and said room was scheduled to be refurbished.  2)  Bedroom small and  ""cell like"" with a moldy, tiny porthole window, pillows so soft that wife doubled up on two of them.  Asked to move to another room, but was told that hotel was full.  Was moved to a 3rd floor room    for the following three nights (much better room). but had to call and wait for our luggage.  Internet did not work in the ""common areas"" and the extra charge is outrageous, anyway.  Room was not made up in a timely manner two of the days and we had to call…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Star Service,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one night whilst visiting London to watch the Lion King at the Lyceaum Theatre. It's ideally located a short distance from Charring Cross station and right in the middle of the west end.  The staff was faultless, the room was immaculate and the service unbeatable. I would highly recomend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Expensive, Even for London","The hotel staff was great. The location was terrific. We walked everywhere we wanted to go and wandered aimlessly. We walked across Waterloo Bridge and took the train to Windsor since the person I was traveling with hadn't been before. The hotel bar was nice. Good service. Good drinks. Friendly chats at the bar.  BUT, even by London standard's, this hotel is expensive...at least for me, anyway. I think I paid about $380 US per night. London is expensive enough. Next time I will shop around and try to save a bit on hotel bills. I also told the person when checking out that paying for internet in 2013 is ridiculous. It's twisting the knife, isn't it, when we all have come to rely on it when traveling.  So, for most of us, for a special occasion or to splurge, this hotel is just…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4540-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton/Derren Brown,"Mrs Boglet and I stayed here for one night when we went to see the latest Derren Brown - Infamous (which is well worth seeing - all you would expect from Derren Brown).  The hotel (listed as 5 star) was booked through Lastminute.com as one of their ""secret hotels"" room only. This turned out to be available on their own website (and one other) as a named hotel for £8.50 less. While they did refund the difference, I was somewhat disappointed . . . .  Check in time was 3pm, we arrived at 2:40pm hoping the room may have been ready early - it was not. So we sat in the bar for 30 minutes with a drink and a sandwich.  When we went to check in again, the room was still not ready. The receptionist offered us a different room as an upgrade, saying that it was recently refurbished but…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfort in the heart of theatre land,If your looking for that bit of luxury whist having a weekend at the theatre then this is surely the place to stay.  freindly staff there to cater for your every need.   And  returning to your spacious room after advenuring out to the huge range of theatres and loads of places to eat to suit all pockets..  Start saving your pennies if this would usually be out of your reach.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worcester couple,"Have just had a one night stay in this hotel and found that if you stayed as a tour party you were given different standards, having watched some of our elderly tour party carry there case into the reception area from the coach , then watch the porter rush outside and Carry a young couples bags into the hotel how had arrived in a taxi , this happened the next day as we departed , so if you want better service from this hotel or the porter don't go second class as a tour guest. Having said all this the hotel is very clean and the rooms are modern and well decorated , we had afternoon tea as part of the tour and this was spoilt by the manager how found it very difficult to set a table for four , after a bit of huffing and puffing from the manager it was do by one of the waiter in…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,dont know what this means,"good location ,not good value for the money and i wouldn't want  to stay there again in the future.you cant charge top price as if you are a luxury hotel and not delivery the quality and service.Charging for Internet is crazy and not smart move",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Friendly Hotel,"From the minute you step foot in this hotel, all the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is ideally situated for theatre land and Covent Garden as well as many other attractions. The rooms are well laid out and are a decent size. The room we had we were told had undergone a renovation, and if the rest of the rooms are anything to go by, they have done a good job. The bathrooms are first class.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4545-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Friendly Staff & Spacious Room","Book early, pay a little extra and you won't be disappointed.  We booked an Executive Plus room and were upgraded to a junior suite which included a variety of extras.  The staff in the Executive Lounge were delightful, the reception staff were helpful, and the bellboys terrific.  We had more than enough room in our suite.  We walked or took the tube from this central location.  If you like the theatre this is the perfect location since there are many theatres steps away.  We will return next summer for our annual European vacation.  Treat staff respectfully and you will receive tenfold.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, comfortable rooms and friendly service","The Waldorf is perfectly located in the heart of London's theatre district, just around the corner from Covent Garden.  We spent 3 nights here in an executive level suite.   The suite was very comfortable and was tastefully decorated in an art deco fashion.   Being on the executive level, we had access to the executive club lounge.   My experience has been that Hilton's executive lounges vary greatly in their level of service from one location to another.  However, the Waldorf's executive lounge was excellent.   It offers complimentary buffet breakfast consisting of both hot and cold items, afternoon cream tea and evening canapes with an open bar.  My only complaint would be about the bed.   It seems that the Hilton chain in the UK use much firmer beds than the softer pillow…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service,"There was a genuine mistake with my 2 week booking at this hotel, but Mrs McDougall at guest relations ensured I had a room and made my stay even more satisfactory.  Thanks again I will always stay here when working in London",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They upgrade Hilton Diamonds over Golds,If you are a Hilton diamond stay at the Trafalgar instead!    They treat their diamond guests a lot better.  If it wasn't for how they treat their diamond guests I would probably give this hotel a four instead of a two.   The location is great.  My issue is with how they treat diamonds.   I stay in Hilton's over 80 nights a year and my wife and I were travelling with another couple who have Hilton gold status through a credit card.   Booked on the same rate and they emailed the hotel ahead of time about an upgrade and got preupgraded from a standard queen to an exec level king.   I didn't feel the need to email the hotel since I have the highest status with Hilton and figured they wouldn't have upgraded a gold if they couldn't upgrade all the diamond's.  We were told there were…,Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great hotel with great staff,"I stayed here a few months ago and while generally impressed I was frustrated that there were no power sockets in the bedroom of my suite. I commented on that fact here on tripadvisor and the hotel responded. They told me that they were addressing the issue during refurbishment and encouraged me to come back and see the results.  I did so last week and while all the things I had previously been impressed by remained, the refurbishment of the accommodation made a good hotel great.  The new bedroom design is excellent. It feels luxurious and elegant and yet remains homely. The bed was fantastic - I can't remember when I had such a good night's sleep.  The staff are really impressive. They certainly give the impression that nothing is too much trouble for them, respond to requests…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4550-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor room service,Stayed here for the Michael Buble concert at the O2. Returned from concert to be informed by the grumpy barmaid that the bar was closed and when we requested room service we were told that there was nothing left to eat but someone might be able to rustle up a ham baguette and some crisps.   Woke up next morning and for two of us in the room there was one teabag and one sachet of coffee. Not 5 star treatment at all,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rough Around the Edges ... Otherwise 5 star,"The staff couldn't have been nicer.  We had paid for the night before since we were arriving in the morning and didn't want to cross our fingers for an early check-in.  We had reserved a executive lounge access room, and our preferences asked for a high floor.  We were placed on the second floor in a handicap accessible room.  The room was spacious but the shower drain never did work properly and flooded the bathroom each time.  We had to continually request more towels and didn't receive wash clothes until our final day (I thought maybe they just didn't have them).  The standard pillows were covered with Euro Shams, leaving an uncomfortable mess of extra fabric.    Our biggest complaint was we left for an early morning tour at 5am and when we returned at 4:30pm, hoping to relax…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Smart Hotel well worth the money,"Four of us have just returned from a weekend stay in London we decided to ""posh"" it up a bit and decided to stay here,  We originally booked about 2 months ago , the hotel did ring us 4 days prior to our arrival to inform us the Executive rooms we had booked were ""Not up to Scratch "" so the had to downgrade us to Deluxe rooms but would refund £50 per room and give us some Wine in the rooms we booked , we were not disappointed in this as the rooms were lovely , very clean spacious , light and all round comfortable ,   We didn't eat at the hotel in the evening due to a prior booking we had with the Greatest Rock  band in the world ""The Rolling Stones""  playing in Hyde Park , we did manage to make it back in time to go to  the breakfast , this is self service and well worth having…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent time lovely hotel,"We have just returned from a weekend in London, and decided to stay in some luxury for a change and we were pleasantly surprised at how smart the décor was and how smooth our stay was here , we had originally booked executive rooms for myself & the wife , we also booked the same  rooms for my daughter and partners birthday surprise , unfortunately the Hotel rooms were not upto scratch "" Their words not mine "" so they downgraded us to a deluxe room and knocked money off , supplied wine , which was OK with me , the rooms were lovely ,very clean every thing you wanted was in the room , the room was on the front on the Hotel but we couldn't hear ant traffic noise ,  We didn't eat in the evening at the hotel because we had a prior booking in Hyde park to see the Rolling Stones , but…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, service excellent","We had a great weekend at this hotel, accommodation was recently modernized and very nice although a little claustrophobic as there was very little natural day light and the bed was too hard for me, but given that we spent very little time in our room it was more than adequate. The air con on this hot weekend was a godsend as many London hotels are so airless and this was a very hot one.  Service at breakfast was impeccable although the seating at breakfast sometimes could be better. You need to be assertive when they put you in a corner next to the pillar facing the wall with no cushion to lean back on because your on the end. Otherwise it was very good.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
4559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4555-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very Nice Room, Nice Hotel, Some Faults","First off, I am a gold member and thus got an upgrade (I think) for one of the large executive suites. I was traveling for work and had paid a high rate so I was expecting a lot. I'd say this hotel has a great reputation as being rather posh, and also is very central right near the Theatre District and just south of Covent Garden and a short trip away from Trafalgar Square and Piccadilly Circus. So it gets big points for being right in the middle of London, as well as being reasonably convenient to the City.  The entrance to the hotel and check-in area are a bit dated actually and showing the hotel's age. Not the most grand of entrances, althought the outside of the hotel is nicely done in a classical way. It's a bit tricky to get your luggage up the front steps, however, not…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This is not a hotel worthy of five stars,Stayed here for a weekend in July for our 10th wedding anniversary.  Room on the 7th floor was nice and quiet.  Decor was bland.  Was not the cleanest room I have stayed in.  Bathroom could have done with a better clean.  Synthetic pillow was lumpy and out of shape fortunately had lovely feather ones in the cupboard.  Bed was very comfortable.    Went for a swim in the pool - it was disgusting.  There is a sign saying you may not take photos and I can understand why.  The pool was dirty around the edge.  There are cracked and missing tiles everywhere and the pool environment is filthy.  There are no lockers for hotel guests to use.  It was suggested that I take my clothes poolside.  The steam room did not seem to be working and was tepid.  I was shocked at the state of the pool.…,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel,Excellent location in west end can walk almost anywhere. Super comfortable hotel and beds. We were 3 and we were given room with sofa bed. We had access to executive lounge which was excellent and great staff to help with all our needs. Will return next year!,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Didnt stay at hotel so dont know what rooms are like, we just had a meal. We had a voucher off Groupon so it cost a lot less than it should. Staff really friendly, polite, and helpful. Food  was excellent . Would highly recommend. ",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,ughhhhh I wish I hadnt bothered,"So, it is my dads 70th birthday and my best friends daughters christening, where I am godmother and I find myself in London for the weekend having spent the last week in Devon.  Having worked on the Strand for a number of years and having walked past its flashing lights and beautiful facade a thousand times i decide to book into the Waldorf.  The reality is sadly so different from my dream. The rooms are teeny tiny. We have one simple specific requirement which is adjoining rooms so that my parents can babysit little tot whilst man and I escape for a few minutes of break. This apparently is not at all possible as we discover upon check in. Thankfully the video monitors just about manage a signal through the walls which I guess we can live with although causes the oldies quite…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
4564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4560-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Flawless Stay,"We stayed at the Waldorf for 5 nights back in May during a bank holiday weekend, Chelsea Flower Show and a soccer (football) tournament so needless to say, central London was packed! Booked a junior suite and was upgraded to a suite which for London standards, was quite large. Had a separate living room, king bedroom and a bathroom with a tv built into the wall above the tub. The room overlooked Aldwych and provided for a nice view of the activity going on below.   The service was incredible and the use of the Executive Lounge (thank you Hilton Gold status) came in handy many times. Covent Garden was a very short walk and Trafalgar Square was definitely within walking distance (although a little longer than the 2min walk to Covent Garden). Will definitely be back!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location  for Theater Goers,"We are frequent Hilton people so this stay was on points.  Nonetheless we could not have been more pleased.   The hotel does not have a grand lobby or extensive public spaces, but who wants to hang around the hotel.   There were two wedding receptions three days we were there so they must be doing something right.   The hotel was steps from the shows Mama Mia and Top Hat.  So if you are here for theater this is a great spot.   10 minutes from Tra1falgar Square and the National Gallery just off the Strand.   We will definitely stay here our next visit",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Super located,"We spent many hours checking reviews and looking for a good deal for our stay in London. We only had a very short time there so the location was important. This hotel was located right next to Covent garden 2 minute stroll and close by to everything. We spend a lovely time at the hotel. The  receptionists are very friendly and helpful, a parcular thanks to Clare Donovan on the front desk who assisted us greatly with re-printing our train tickets. The breakfast was wonderful, and its worth spending that little bit more for a touch of luxury. We will return again for sure! Jane & Phil",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
4567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and the Executive lounge makes the hotel!,"Perfect location! Right in the theater district, close to the tube, restaurants, Covent Garden and one of the Hop on Hop off stops. We wlll definitely comeback and stay at the Waldorf. The rooms are basic , but the Executive Lounge makes up for it. Wonderful buffet breakfast, tea in the afternoon, cocktails in the evening and a place to relax anytime. Helpful staff",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,cosy..,I stayed here for one night on a business trip in London.  It was next door to where my meeting the next morning was taking place so it was very convenient.  It is the smallest room for a five star hotel that I have ever stayed in.  The queen bed was in the corner so two sides were against the wall.  I was glad I was on my own as the room would be a squash with two people.  There was a low chandelier in the middle of this tiny room which almost skimmed my head and I am only average female height.  The room was very hot but the air con was efficient but was noisy during the night.  The bathroom was OK but nothing special.  The shower did not have much power in it.  The curtains were hanging off the rail so I could not close them.  On a positive note the front house reception…,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
4569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4565-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We had a black tie Dinner at the Waldorf Hilton. The venue is nice, but the Service and food was really disappointing. White wine too warm, no wine cooler on the tables, Service dreadful for a Hotel like the Waldorf Hilton, I had Duck and it was so chewy that I had problems to cut it.... Would not recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
4570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good night's sleep,"We stayed at the Waldorf for 1 night at the end of June and had the best night's sleep I've had in any hotel.  The room itself wasn't what I'd expected, it was very modern, lacked character and could have been a room in any hotel, but the bed was so comfy!  The room was a bit dusty but this may be due to so many glass and shiny surfaces, the bedding, towels and bathrobes were spotless, like another reviewer I too found it a bit strange to get a bathrobe but no slippers!  There was a hairdryer and iron in my wardrobe, but no ironing board - as I was only there for 1 night it didn't matter but surely things shouldn't be missing in a hotel of this standard.  All of the staff were lovely, very helpful, polite and friendly and we were made to feel valued customers.  We ate out for…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Barely 4 stars, and even then....","The room I got was not an executive room but was very comfortable and had a large bathroom. These rooms must have been recently refurbished by the looks of them. The bath is a combination shower with only a half wall of glass to prevent you from hosing the floor down. Needless to say, a mess always ensues. What is galling is that the bathroom was large enough to put in a separate shower when the renovations were done.  Housekeeping is another problem. There seems to be no direction or control in place. My room was well made, with two bathrobes waiting for me. I had to call housekeeping to get slippers…. Seems to me one doesn’t go without the other. The next day, I had to call housekeeping again as when the room was made, they did not leave any replacement amenities. I was out of…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not good,"This hotel's saving grace is its location. It is less than a 15 minute walk from most theatres, and close to restaurants, cafes, and shopping, this hotel would quickly become bankrupt. The rooms are nice enough; clean, nice decor, and the bathrooms are spacious and pretty.  The big issue is the beds though; we had booked a room with two double beds, for two adults and a teenager. When we arrived, the room we were given had only two single beds pushed together. Multiple calls had been made to confirm that the room was two double beds, and the reservation itself said two double beds. We were informed that the hotel only has three rooms with two double beds, and that none of these were available. One of the adults would be arriving later, so this was fine for two nights. We were…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location - Good nights sleep,"This hotel is in a great location, and you can't fault the location or the attentiveness of the staff, the doorman Mark was particularly aimiable.  Breakfast was great, regularly refreshed and a good choice. The room was spacious and well decorated with a huge well fitted bathroom.  The only complaint I could make is that there were some little attentions to detail that looked like they had been overlooked / missed. The valance on the bed was incredibly dirty at the bottom, if the rest of the bed had looked anything like that we would not have slept in it, and also we stayed on the 4th floor, the corridor was very dirty outside some of the rooms that were closed, and looked like they had not been hoovered.  Aside from this the hotel was good and I would consider staying here…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4570-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf vs Hilton,"The Waldorf is a centrally located hotel in the heart of theatre-land London. It has a 5* rating which may be due to it's location. My thought is that this once internationally renowned hotel has been swallowed up within the Hilton brand and substantially dumbed down. Hotel rooms are adequate; the breakfast service was the same. There was nothing that created the 'WOW' of a 5* hotel. Such a shame. Hilton pay a smallish homage to the fantastic tea dances that the Waldorf was once so famous for, by advertising a Tango dinner dance in September. But it is not really enough to regain the fabulousness of it's past.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Horrible Hotel,"Let me start by saying this is my first review ever.  I understand things aren't always perfect and generally don't complain when small things go wrong.  But this hotel and it's management went out of their way to make our stay unenjoyable and clearly not worth the money we spent.    We reserved two ""Twin Hilton Deluxe Plus"" rooms for our six night stay in London.  We have a family of six so it's always a challenge to find a hotel where we can stay in just two rooms instead of three. The hotel website clearly described the rooms as having two queen beds.  We checked by phone on three separate occassions before arriving in London to make sure the rooms would indeed have two queen beds and were assured on each occassion that they would.  We also requested that the two rooms  be…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Wonderful Stay!,"My daughter and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for her first trip to London. I made the reservations a year ago, and I admit that I had gotten nervous about the accommodations based on some of the negative comments on TripAdvisor.  However, our room was wonderful--spacious, comfortable, clean. The original reservation was made for a double twin bed room.  However, when we saw the room, it felt a little claustrophobic for our tastes.  We upgraded to a room with two double beds, and it was perfect for our needs. The location of the hotel in the West End cannot be beat.  Whether walking, taking a cab, or a bus it is wonderful.  We enjoyed room service on a couple of occasions and ate in the main dining room as well. Room service was delivered promptly.  All meals were wonderful. …",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not up to the Hilton brand standards.,"Hilton should be ashamed to claim this hotel. The staff tries but does not deliver. We are Hilton Honors gold members so used to how a Hilton hotel should work. We arrived from a overnight flight having reserved a room for the night before so that we could just fall into bed when we got to London from the States at 9 in the morning. No such luck. Apparently there was some computer glitch and they were unable to check us in for several hours. To their credit they did take that night off the bill at the end. I made sure that they had our reservation for later in the week when we planned to return. They did. However when we returned right at check in time and tired from our train trip, they did not have our room ready. They shuttled us off to the executive suite. It was almost an…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay and great service,"We had a wonderful stay in the Waldorf. Booked two adjoining rooms with points (Diamond members) and arrived at 9am after a redeye flight. We were able to store our bags, eat breakfast in the executive lounge and freshen up before we headed out to sightsee for the day. Arrived back to the hotel at about 5 pm and our rooms were ready with our bags already there. Adjoining rooms were very well appointed, bathrooms extremely nice with large showers and beds very comfy. Executive lounge served a great breakfast and had refreshments out all day long. My son left his Iphone in the room, and the security dept send it to the US at no charge to us. Cordial and professional service from all staff. Fantastic location to boot. All around a very nice stay and would recommend highly.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4575-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel with SERVICE ISSUES!,"My wife and I generally prefer top stay at Hiltoin properties.  Following a 2 week vacation in Scotland, we selected this hotel for a night in London, before flying back to the States.  This hotel is situated in the theatre district, making it ideal if you plan to take in a show, however, it is a 70 Pound cab ride to and from Heathrow Airport.  Our room was beautiful and the bathroom was something out of an architectural magazine.  The donefall of this hotel is their service.  I was under the belief that Waldorf Astorias were thye flagship of Hilton's properties!  The front desk was not able, or maybe the better explanation is not willing to change a 10 Pound note!  The evening before our departure we inquired about a taxi back to Heathrow, and one of their staff   offered to…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sight seeing in London,"If you are looking for a convenient location, walking distance to the historical sites, close to the theaters, close to fine dining and a very comfortable friendly hotel, The Waldorf Hilton is on to consider.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea in the Homage restaurant,My friend and I meet up regularly for tea in a London hotel so we are quite picky and like value for money! We were generally very happy with the tea here although the room lacked atmosphere and was rather stark compared with many other London hotels of its ilk . No flowers anywhere in sight and this was June ! Sandwiches were fresh and well filled and the scones were exceptionally  good ...baked fresh not frozen ..many places think this is acceptable ...it is not !! There were five different cakes and these were lovely too with crisp pastry and excellent creme anglaise .Extra tea was brought by our server Shibli who was absolutely charming and very attentive without being intrusive . we were left to sit for as long as we wanted which we appreciated as some hotels move you on…,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"The Waldorf Hilton was a great place to stay. Wonderful location and very close to the tour bus stops.Everyone was very nice and helpful.  We upgraded to the suite, which was a lovely room. This also gave us access to the Executive lounge, which was a very nice place to relax and have a drink. Breakfast included in the Lounge as well.  The shower was tiny, but I think that's typical of Europe. Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice room; awful wifi (extra cost) & pity about chaotic and off putting reception area,"I booked a room which cost stg£280. I cannot believe that in this day and age Hilton has the gall to charge a further £15 per day for wifi - which keeps dropping signal and is worse than useless. The lobby area is chaotic- more like a bus station than a five star hotel. Much better value in the Doyle collection hotels - Marylebone, or Bloomsbury, or st martins lane. Very, very disappointing. Although my room itself was large, clean and nicely decorated, it couldn't make up for the general chaotic atmosphere in the hotel. The area outside is also very busy, dirty and not great- though near enough to covent garden.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4580-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Bad at All!,"A lovely theatre visit to London and stayed at the Waldorf.  Not quite as homely as The Savoy and the bar was not that welcoming to have a drink in so we went out.  Breakfast was really lovely but there are a few nice cafe's just outside the hotel that I think were probably better priced.  Overall, a nice room and good value for the price but I'm afraid I'm a bit of a Savoy lover with Claridges coming a very close second.  I probably wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We visited on a Saturday afternoon and I had booked it as part of my husband's 40th birthday celebrations on our weekend away in London. The hotel itself was very nice, we were placed out in the sort of open palladium bit, which was okay, but I felt the atmosphere might have been better in the Homage room itself. We were dissapointed by the service we received, I am not sure if our waiter was new to the role. He was friendly, but after our food arrived, no-one asked how it was, checked our tea or even poured it for us (thinking this should be a part of the whole experience?). I had to ask twice for more tea to another waitress who said our waiter would be with us which I felt we shouldn't have had to.There was no acknowledgement that it was my husband's birthday which I had…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not as good as expected.,"We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Waldorf Hilton. Sadly it fell well below my expectations. The room was small, with no drawer space for clothes, other than above the hanging cupboard. The air con didn't work when we arrived, so i asked for it to be sorted. A very helpful man arrived, and tried to sort it. Eventually he said it was fixed, but I'm afraid I couldn't feel any difference in the air flow from the unit at all. There was no pricelist in the mini bar  and no room service breakfast list to be put on the door. I asked for both of these, which were delivered quite promplty. The breakfast menu had clearly been photocopied quickly, using a spare piece of paper - there was printing from something unrelated on the back, and 2 small holes had been punched in the…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel right in the middle of the fun,The staff were professional and friendly and couteous. The room was quiet clean and well serviced. walking distance to many theatres good eating places . @ minutes walk to that great west end show TOP HAT dont miss this!! The breakfasts in the grand dining room were super excellent really upscale wonderful service selection a real WOW!!! The cocktails in the bar are awesome i had the best classical NEGRONI I have ever had and I let the bar man know VERY VERY GOOD. We stayed 2 nights in early May 2013 just before going down to South hampton to connect with Queen Victoria,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Room was great......Pool memorable because it was so dirty,"We stayed overnight in a Suite and were pleasantly surprised by the decor and size of room. Our stay including using the Club Lounge was exceptional, that is until we stepped into the swimming pool (part of LA Fitness) If it was a public, council run pool it would have been closed down. My husband and I got in for 5 minute and then I could bare to look at the crack and dirt around the pool anymore so we left. A real shame as the hotel, staff and food were exceptional but every time I remember our stay I think of that swimming pool!",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4585-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,June experience,With one night in London the Waldorf provided a fantastic location to theatres and the excellence of the staff and accommodation made this an outstanding experience. One felt very welcome to the hotel and all staff showed a smile and willingness to help us.,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I love this hotel,"I LOVE this hotel, everything about it. I LOVE the location, GREAT neighborhood, I LOVE the level of service you get, there is always someone at the front door to greet you and help you, and not just your average doorman. I LOVE that it's not some massive hotel, it has a smaller cozier , classic elegant feel. The rooms range from being modern to being older and classic, they aren't large, but they are very comfortable. The breakfast is great. The people are great, and I will mention it again, I LOVE the neighborhood, plenty of restaurants, bars, theaters, shopping etc.  I am in London frequently for business and when I can get a good rate, this is ALWAYS my first choice.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,The Hotel is in the middle of the theatre district. And transportation to any place in the city is very convienent. There are always cabs in front of the hotel and 5 different bus lines pass by. there is a short walk to 2 underground lines. The Big bus sightseeing is on the next corner. The river is a short walk.,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Mostly good - let down by silly check-in policy,"I stayed here last minute because the other hotel I wanted to book was full. Have given the hotel an average rating as I think 3pm check in is ridiculous! I phoned ahead to see if I could get in at 2pm and they agreed to see what they could do but when I got there the room was not ready. Helpful at storing my overnight bag but when I went to use the ladies room in the basement to freshen up after my flight and before my lunch date, I was quite shocked at the substandard communal facilities. Many of the locks on the ladies toilet doors are missing or broken and the bag hook fell off when I used it. The area had a really creepy feel. Compare that with the beautiful powder room facilities in no 1 Aldwych for example and its just not up to scratch. That saying my executive double…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,hilton hotel,"upon arrival was given a small room overlooking the rear of the hotel, close to a noisey extraction fan.  asked for a room away from fans etc, ans was given a room on the front which was nice but was not ready until after 6.00.  why do hotels fill up their poor rooms 1st? is it because they think no one will notice? spoilt my experience. maybe i'm being picky?",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4590-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staff let down by systems,"Stayed for 3 nights to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary, so decided to splash out on an executive room at over £300 per night. This isn't cheap, and for a hotel boasting 5* status, you are entitled to expect a flawless experience. When something goes wrong, everything thereafter is looked at differently. Cannot fault the staff, whose attitude and helpfulness was first rate. Executive rooms (at least the one we were allocated) are on the top floor. Lifts only go to the floor below, leaving you to carry suitcases up a staircase. There are only two lifts, which are not very large and not very fast. The room itself was clean and reasonably spacious, let down by a noisy air con system and threadbare curtains. The room advertised a fridge, but the reality is it is small and…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Centrally located,"This was our first visit to London and we loved it. We hope to be back. The hotel is centrally located between the sites in the area of Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey and the sites by the Tower Bridge and the London Tower.  Right near the theatre district and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Hotel,"The location of the Walforf is perfect for being right in the center of sightseeing.  My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for two nights at the end of our trip and it is a very nice hotel.  The service was fantastic and the employees were all very helpful.  The cost of the room is high but it is what you should expect if you want to stay right in the center of London, the price is worth it to be in this location.  The room was very nice, perfect for a couple, the bathroom had been recently renovated and was fantastic.  The reason I did not give this hotel a five rating is because we had issues with our AC on both nights of our stay.  The hotel was fully booked so we were unable to move rooms, however the hotel did bring us a fan which was very helpful.  Also, the hotel…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay at the Waldorf,"I spent a night  here with my 89 year old mother who I collected from Knutsford especially to see a ballet in the Opera House and we could not have been more satisfied. We felt well looked after from the minute the doorman whisked my car away to park it to the minute we left. All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly and even produced a light weight wheel chair for my mother when they heard we were going to Covent Garden later on ( DID YOU ORDER IT BEFOREHAND??????????) Our room was large and light, I told them my mother could not walk well and we were given a room for the disabled which was perfect. Our pre theatre dinner was faultless as was breakfast the following morning too. I chose this hotel mainly because of its proximity to the Opera House but after being so…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything You Could Ask For,"I have been coming to the Waldorf for years, half expecting Hilton to have compromised the charm of this old landmark - but fortunately, it hasn't happened.    While the lobby area is only fair, and not particularly welcoming, everything else about this hotel is still first rate: the dining room is beautiful; the breakfast is exceptional (especially for a buffet); the rooms are perfectly fine and quite large by European standards (although since they are all quite different, it pays to see your assigned room first before accepting it).  This is not the luxury of the Savoy (just down the street) , but then, it isn't the price of the Savoy - and therefore, given the most acceptable nature of the hotel, a better value.  Most importantly, the location is still (unsurprisingly)…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4595-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel great location for theatres,A nice enough hotel - room was small but very clean and comfortable -didn't like the fact that the bathroom is open plan I.e. no door from bedroom into it. Exec lounge lovely and comfortable Great location for theatres,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great service and great rooms","I have stayed at this hotel many times.  I recently stayed again and the hotel once again did not disappoint.  It is in a great location in central London and close walking distance to Covent Gardens.  If you get access to the executive lounge, they have a great breakfast and afternoon tea.  My partner love the gym at the hotel.  I would highly recommend this hotel.    We are in Scotland for a few days and have decided to go back to London and stay at the hotel again before heading back home.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Disappointed in the hotel, rooms and service.  We stayed there 2 night in early June... and the hotel was full.  We arrived at 11pm, and were given what i can only assume was a surplus room.  The room it self was ok (Room 805), but there were some issues.  1.  The elevator goes to the 7th floor... and the 8th floor is a walkup. 2.  The room was not clean, and had significant dirt (in the air conditioning unit). 3.  The bathroom was not kept up - pieces of tile were falling off the tub, and there was mold there also.  We asked to be moved, but they could not accommodate that evening.  We were moved the next day to another room (121) - the tub did not drain, and the front door lock was broken.  Those are the issues with the room.  We also had some issues with service (people who…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
4602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing is an understatement.,"My husband booked a deluxe room as a treat as we were on a theatre weekend. We arrived at 1530, check in was from 1400, to be told our room was not ready however we could have a standard room at a reduction of £30. When we asked when our room would be available the receptionist proceeded to tell us the the refurbished standard room was better than the deluxe one and tried to persuade us to change our booking. After about 10 minutes of staring at the monitor a deluxe room suddenly became free, she then offered us complimentary breakfast for the inconvenience. However while we were waiting at least 3 other couples were told the same as we were and offered the standard rooms.  We headed up to room 805. In brief the room was befitting of a 2/3 star, certainly not 5 star deluxe.…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea in the Homage Grand Salon,"Not quite knowing what to expect we booked a table for afternoon tea. We were greeted and taken to our table in the very attractive Homage Grand Salon. Our waiter, Shibli, was very helpful chosing the tea which best suited our taste and was a credit to his profession. We had a range of finger sandwiches, all with different types of bread, fantastic fresh baked scones (still warm) with clotted cream and jam and a selection of danty cakes. This may not sound a lot but I can assure you we were having this instead of lunch and we were not in need of anything to fill us up. The tea itself was excellent.  The very friendly staff were always ready to answer any qyuetions and even  taking a photo for  us.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4600-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Didn't live up to expectations,"Booked a deluxe double room for a West End theatre weekend. The location couldn't be better. Right in the heart of London's West End. However, they didn't have a deluxe double room (why have the option to book something if they can't deliver?) So we were downgraded to a standard double! The room was OK. Very tiny. Luckily we only stayed one night - it was too small for a longer stay! The bar prices were extortionate even for London rates! When checking out, we questioned the bill because we are sure we vistd the bar only twice, yet had 3 bar tabs on the bill. Sure enough, another rooms bar tab had accidentally been  added to ours!  The staff were apologetic and offered us a free room upgrade if we stay again, but I'm not sure I would want to!",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always a treat,"I've stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on several occasions, each time deciding to upgrade to a suite at check in. Tip - suites at the Waldorf are typically £200+ more than a standard/deluxe room, however if you're prepared to take the risk I've never had a problem upgrading at check in where they charge £120.  The suites that I've stayed in are always a good size with a separate lounge and bedroom. The bathroom is attached to the bedroom with no partition wall; however the bedroom is a good size which means that there is plenty of space between each. The shower and toilet have doors attached with a bath opposite. The beds are king size with a choice of cushions depending on your preference and the bed lets you sink into it but isn't too soft at the same time. You also get a personal…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Indulgence,"I was lucky enough to be treated to a night here by a friend whilst staying in London.  The hotel itself is a classy art deco style hotel which has not lost it's character but has modern touches you expect from this class of hotel.  The staff are welcoming, friendly and very helpful.  When we left, they sorted a cab for us, loaded suitcases and being that it was raining, escorted us with umbrellas to make sure we didn't get wet.  The location is fabulous - easy walk to Covent Garden and a slightly longer, but scenic walk to Waterloo, London Eye, London Aquarium etc.  The room was well equipped, meticulously clean, very quiet and furnished in keeping with the style of the hotel.  Unlike a lot of hotels of this age, everything looked quite new and didn't go down the 'shabby chic'…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"It was my daughter's birthday.We were seated in an almost empty room  next to an occupied table and a kitchen door on the other side. I spent an hour looking at the wall because of the positioning. The sandwiches were quite nice, as were the scones - but nothing inspiring. The cakes I thought were very mediocre. I wonder if they have a patissere chef or if they just buy them in? I asked for coffee & received it ready made in a thick mug -yuk. Transport cafes spring to mind. It really wasn't what I expected at all. I've had numerous afternoon teas & I think that this must have been the most average ever. I wouldn't recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent all-around experience,"This Hilton is located between the river and Covent Garden. 2 blocks in either direction. The room was spotless, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. It is in the theatre district, just off the Strand-fabulous location. Would stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4605-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classy and a great location,"I love this hotel. This was my second trip, and I'm sure I'll be back. The rooms aren't large, but they are Very comfortable and quiet.  The key is the location. Covent garden is yards away.  Cocktails in Good Godfreys cocktail lounge in the hotel are not cheap. Expect to wait 15 mins to get one.... You don't pop in here for a quick one. Expect 2 drinks to cost £30. Mind you. It's a 5 star hotel in one of the best spots in London. What else would you expect.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love tis hotel,"We hav now stayed here twice, and both times were amazing!   On the second time it was my Birthday and there was cake awaiting me in the room.   Great Exec lounge with food and drinks - It does get busy in the evening and sometimes you have to wait for a table / chair but overall it is lovely.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"We arrived at 1 00 pm for afternoon tea and was served by a very helpful waiter named Shibli and had a very enjoyable time. We were celebrating our daughters birthday, and would thoroughly recommend the experience.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special wedding anniversary weekend in London,"This being a special wedding anniversary I wanted to make a good impression and treat my wife, the hotel to be honest didn’t impress either of us! Registration was 3pm onwards and when we arrived around 4pm the room was still not ready. They did provide us with a free drink at the bar and they also offered us a free bottle of white wine as recompense for the room being late. The bottle of wine should have arrived later that night but never did, so we got off to a real bad start. We also had problems getting into our room on the 8th floor as the card to operate the room door lock would not open the door, this was a reoccurring problem and eventually we had to have new door cards made.   The room was clean and tidy but nothing special and not what I expected from the Hilton, maybe…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall disappointing stay,"We arrived at hotel at 5pm and our room was not ready , we were offered one complimentary drink in overpriced bar although the bar was very nice and comfortable , our room was still not ready by 6.30 where we were then offered another room to shower in . When our room was finally ready the cleanliness standards were very poor . A thick layer of dust in room , the curtains were hanging off the rails and in general room was tired and in need of good deep clean and freshen up . Breakfast was very average . Concierge staff very helpful",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4610-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Standards / Service have slipped in this 5 star hotel.,We have stayed at this hotel every year for several years.  Standards / Service have slipped in this hotel. We herd lots of people grumbling about poor service. There was fewer staff around so service took longer the staff were still very helpful but everything took longer.  This was in all areas of the hotel. EG Door staff / reception / bar staff / dining room etc. Cleaner entered our room without ringing the door bell. You don’t expect this when you are staying at the Waldorf. We were in an executive room cost £300 + a night,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"I bought a Groupon deal in March for afternoon tea for four for my mother's birthday.  On arrival we were sent to the Homage Tea Room to check our reservation. The room looked splendid just like the photo on the Groupon website, but we were promptly shunted off to a bar/overspill room. This was dingy and very cramped and not at all the experience we expected.   The whole reason for booking this was to have tea in the surroundings shown. I strongly suspect that they overbooked the Groupon deal and kept the main room for full price quests. I feel let down and cheated and would not recommend this experience.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great club level. Everything else mediocre,"I stayed here during the olympics and surprisingly it was not overly crowded. The location is wonderful. You can walk to Trafalgar square and numerous tourist attractions. The best part was the club level accommodations. They had great beverages, comfortable furniture, and really good breakfasts.   The rooms were mediocre definitely nothing to write home about.Two of us stayed in the room and after 2 days the accommodations started to feel cramped. I will say the bathroom was very spacious and pretty luxurious. Another great amenity was the fitness gym attached to the hotels ground floor. Simply amazing. I would recommend this hotel with the caveat that if you put a little more effort you can find other accommodations in London, for the same price, that are much cooler and give…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
4617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Definitely not luxury!,"Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. Great location close to Convent Garden. However, room was tiny and was not cleaned during our stay. Costs of drinks at the bar is at the high end and the breakfast choice was okay but not 4 or 5 star. Staff have good intentions but do not always deliver. Overall accommodation is dated and cramped. Disappointing and extremely over priced for what it is.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I upgraded to a suite using e-standby ( paying 90 pounds more per night) thinking that the room would be larger. Wrong.  1)I was given the room at the back end of the hotel facing a wall.  Small room and very cramped. There was no way to tell if I was really being upgraded . When I complained, we were finally led to a much larger suite . However, we could not use the shower area as the water would not drain. It was blocked. 2)When we asked the concierge to inform the restaurant that we would be 15 min late, he replied curtly that since we are already late, he is not going to call as there is nothing he could do.  3)Room wifi gets disconnected every 20 minutes.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4615-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice...Very Pleased,Booked online with the discount seller we all see on the TV in North America and got an excellent rate.  Room was ready upon arrival around noon and the recently renovated room (508) was large by London standards and very very nice. As other reviewers have mentioned the staff is wonderful and helpful and the location supreme. My only reservation was with housekeeping manager on our floor whom bossed around the housekeepers pulling them from rooms to work on others ending up in kaos. Our room was missed on one day entirely and commonly wasn't done when we returned back about 5pm after a day sightseeing. The issue was raised with the front desk and they seemed genuinely apologetic and anxious to resolve the situation. Was offered a complimentary breakfast in the lavish breakfast…,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Stay,"Always stay Executive room as this gives access to Executive lounge which is quite beneficial to an overnight stay in London. Hotel in good area of London, particularly if theatre is what you want. Staff always very polite and friendly and cant do enough to help. Have been staying at the Waldorf for a fare few years now and still recommending friends and family. Food good but breakfast you are spoilt for choice !!",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I have stayed at this hotel several times before and this stay is not as good, plus it is more expensive than previous stays at GBP 318 a night, which is overpriced. I am staying in an Executive Plus room which gives access to the Executive lounge. The lounge is of a very good standard and is the main reason, along with the great location and friendly staff, that we like to stay here. It is very difficult to get a room with two beds, they nearly all have one king, and have a few that they can ""unzip"" to make two twins. The Executive Plus room is nothing special and is not very large, I was told the room I am in was the best but I have stayed in larger better rooms here previously, that have been lower than the Plus category.   The Executive rooms are on the 2nd floor and a good…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family trip,"We recently stayed at The Waldorf London for 4 nights.  We had reserved 3 rooms and I was worried that they would not be close as I was a bit nervous about my 3 teenagers being ""far away"".  I contacted the staff prior to our arrival and we were placed on the Executive floor (I am a gold HHonors). Two of the rooms were connecting and the other next door.   We so enjoyed our stay, our rooms were clean and fresh, and very comfortable.  The breakfast in the executive lounge had a variety of pastries, fresh fruit, eggs and ham and I especially appreciated the diet cokes in the refrigerator as I am a diet coke addict and not a coffee drinker!  The staff was helpful in directions and suggestions.  The location was great, close to Covent Garden, and tube station also close.   A five…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,18th sons celebration,"Would highly recommend the bar for a relaxing drink stopped off here for an after dinner drink for our day up in London, lovely atmosphere really helpful and polite bar staff.  Wanted to be able to sit and talk in a nice area rather than in a noisy bar or pub. ",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
4624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4620-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location and great service,"Normally stay at the Langham or the Doubletree Courthouse when in London, no rooms on this occasion so decided to stay at the Waldorf Hilton.  I'm glad we did!  The service was great, the room was comfortable but not huge and they served up a delicious breakfast!  This hotel is centrally located next to Convent Garden with good access to a number of the West end shows on offer - we watch Mamma Mia - fab show!  The hotel's concierge were helpful and responsive!  The bar served up great cocktails (All over me on one night - but the response of the staff was courteous and I appreciated this!) and the Executive lounge was a welcome place for afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks.  As a Hilton Honors Gold member I'll be adding this hotel to my list of places to stay! The only let down…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ugh Five Stars it's not,"Hotel is in a good area. Went to 4 rooms before one was acceptable. Left for sightseeing at 9 am came back at 4:30 to get ready for theater, room hadn't been cleaned yet.  Asked for turndown service and had to explain what that was. Otherwise shower is great, room is fine, staff is not overly knowledgeable but do try and are very friendly. Breakfast is ok and gym doesn't open until 9:30 on weekends.  Net net remove the name Waldorf and make it a Doubletree. Fine business hotel but nothing special.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Looked after soooooo well, start to finish","Wife and I fancied a short break in town whilst kids were off on a activity week and we were not disappointed at the Waldorf.  It was not the first time we had stayed here but previously I had been a gold card member so immediately got upgraded foc, this time I was silver.  The chap in check in recognised this and offered me an upgrade at a very reasonable price. First stop was afternoon tea in the exec lounge, lovely spread and just what we needed after the train and tube journey.  Unfortunately my wife had an egg allergy reaction, they were all over her to see what they could do and even offered that she had her own separate plate reserved for her the following day - that's great service.  The only real downside is that the pool area needs a refresh and the route to it (which…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea!,"Lovely Hotel, very friendly and accommodating.  We had afternoon tea and my 11 year old Niece came, instead of the lovely pink Champagne we had, they made her a delicious non-alcoholic drink was lovely.  Sandwiches were fresh and the scones melted in your mouth, would recommend this hotel, not as nice as The Ritz as that does take some beating but overall and value for money it was lovely.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
4628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but Gold and Diamond HHonors will be disappointed","a.	Positives: great location for walking to tourist areas and Broadway shows, great gym (LA Fitness, although you only get access if you are HHonors Gold or Diamond member), spacious rooms, excellent breakfast area.   b.	Negatives: former smoking hotel so it smells like cigarettes, extremely overpriced drinks in the bar area (even for the area, which is pricey) and the Waldorf does not honor or provide many of the benefits to Gold and Diamond HHonors (Hilton rewards program) members such as access to the Executive Lounge.    c.	Overall: As access to the Executive Lounge is one of the main benefits for being a Gold or Diamond member, particularly in Europe where they offer breakfast, happy hour drinks and light dinner and snacks, we would not stay at a Waldorf Hilton again.  On…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4625-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Save your money, it's not worth it","We booked to stay in the Waldorf Hilton for 3 nights celebrating a special occasion and were very excited to stay in what is billed as a 5 star hotel. Imagine our disappointment when we arrived at the Waldorf Hilton!  Check in was slow but ok, no complaints yet. We were given a room on the 6th floor and felt on our walk there that the hotel needed a little TLC. We were appalled when we entered our room to find that it was small, dark, dusty and stuffy. We opened the window to try and let some air in. We were wasting our time. The room was in serious need of attention with the carpet looking like it was decades old and a panel underneath the TV with lots of loose wires handing about. The bathroom was appalling. There were hairs on the floor, near the sink and in the bath. The…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
4630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, modern rooms but lack of character","The best thing about this hotel? location, location, location. Just a few minutes walk into the heart of Covent Garden or down to the river and buses direct to Trafalgar, Piccadilly and Oxford street. The building is old and looks great from the outside but internally the hotel is being modernised into Hilton standard, which in most cases I would say is great but for a building with history like this, it is a shame. We had a queen deluxe (one of the newly refurbished rooms) which had a lot of space, as we have stayed in some tiny rooms in London, but lacked any character, as you can see from the online pictures on their website. The room was comfortable, however, it needed a better clean. There was a lot of dust in the room and all the glass shelving just made it more obvious.…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Renovated rooms and central location,"We arrived at WH around 6am so found the graveyard shift staff a little lacking in terms of knowledge and helpfulness as we had some issues with not being allocated the proper room. Also no one helps you with luggage when you arrive and note that while there are elevators there can be quite a walk to your room. Once our room was sorted, we had a very pleasant stay. The rooms seem newly renovated and of good size for a central London hotel. Not noisy at all despite being on a busy main road. Breakfast is in what looks like an old ballroom which is very beautiful and staff are very helpful and attentive. The breakfast itself is quite good with both hot and cold options available.   Location is in the theatre district about 5mins walk from Covent garden market and 10mins from…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,West End Break,"I recently stayed in the Waldorf Hilton in one of their newly refurbished rooms. Very helpful and friendly staff, clean & quiet rooms. Overall service was excellent. It was walking distance from Covent Garden and the West End theatres. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our stay.,"Stayed in the Waldorf for one night as a treat for the theatre, location to this was great .We had one of the old style rooms but the condition of it was disappointing , not a 5* room at all. Shower leaked, bathroom steamed up, carpet stained, the most awfull metal style cups in the room, asked at reception for fresh milk to be sent up only to receive more of UHT milk. Was told that was all they had from person deliving it. I have to say that we have stayed in better 3* hotels. Great location but not worth half of what we paid for our room. We waited in the bar for 20 minutes without any member of staff taking our order. The best service we had was from te concierge for sorting our luggage.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4630-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A top London hotel !,"My wife and my daughter have just spent 2 nights at this suberb hotel! All the staff were exceedingly friendly and professional. A big thanks to Daniel on concierge for showing us around!! The bedrooms were stylish, the food excellent and the location just perfect!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great theatreland hotel,"Recently refurbished room and hotel that offers great rooms in lovely location with good staff keen to help. Bed was very confortable and room had loads of space. For once, even the entertainment system was simple and easy to use.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not so great as anticipated,"We booked the Hotel as a treat, something a little upmarket from our usual 4 star. The Hotel did not unfortunately live up to our expectations. On arrival, (4pm) we were initially informed that there wasn't a room ready. However, after my protestations in regard to my wife's requirement for sufficient time to get ready for our 'show', a room was eventually found. The room was very small, although the decor was very good. The shower however, was abysmal, with only a steady 'trickle' of water. Was it because we were on the 6th floor maybe ? A decent shower is a very important points scorer for me. The breakfast was good, although it was a buffet, and I expected a 5 star hotel to be a la carte as standard. The decision to write my review was clinched on our return to the Hotel on…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not that good","I stayed there because a function I was to attend was at that venue.  Up on the 7th floor the room was nice and spacious but I was disturbed by the flapping of some hardware being blown by the wind in the night.  The hotel was what I would expect of a reputable hotel but did not have the extra something to make it a memorable stay, even if it was just one night.  The location was good, being on the north side of Waterloo Bridge, but I do not think I would be happy to pay the hefty price of B and B if I was staying in London to do tourist things.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expensive but fantastic location,"This is a hotel in the West End of London aimed at people who can afford to stay in a hotel in the West End of London!  The rooms vary quite a bit in size and layout so it's difficult to generalise about the 'room experience', but the hotel is currently undertaking a refurb/ refresh which has delivered stylish and very comfortable (and quieter) rooms.  Breakfast and bar are expensive, and pitched at the expense account holder rather than the casual traveler.  But if you are on a budget, there are plenty of places nearby for breakfast, and plenty of pubs within walking distance.  Fact is, if you can afford it, you get a really good quality hotel, right in the heart of London, with easy access to the Tube (including to and from Heathrow).  And the front of house staff were very…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4635-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good - But 3 Room Moves spoiled it!,"Booked a 2 night stay to celebrate a friends 40th birthday. Originally booked into another hotel but received a call asking if I was interested in joining the Hilton Premium Club and it sounded good value so I did. I booked a twin Executive room. When we arrived we went to a lovely room but it was a double. When I rang down they said it could not be made into a twin and would send an extra bed up. A put me up appeared and I asked to move rooms - we had not gone all that way for one of us to sleep on a put me up! We moved to a lovely, big bright twin room - perfect! Unfortunately it was Kings College Graduation Ball - right below us! The noise from the music was unbelievable - no sleep - not happy! I asked the following morning if we could move again as it was totally…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
4640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Time In London,"Upon entering the Waldorf Hilton, London I was greeted by their extremely friendly and helpful front desk staff who provided me with a hassle free check-in process complete with clear and concise directions to my room.   The elevator appeared to be a bit slow and was quite small but my room more than made up for this very minor observation. The room wasn't overly decadent but extremely classy in a modern, simplistic fashion complete with a 42"" flat screen TV . The ceiling was very high (approx. 4m) which gave the room warm, open feel. The closet was deep and spacious yet recessed as to not take away from the room itself. The bed was very comfortable and the fresh white linen was extremely inviting after the red-eye. The posh theme continued into the bathroom were you were met…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"This was a good holiday in a great location. It had recently undergone a refurbishment so the room I stayed in was modern though very small even by London standards.  The hotel facilities were good and easy walking distances to the theatres. The food was good quality and the breakfast was ample.  The hotel had a good gym.  Staff were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the area.  The price was expensive considering the size of the room.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
4642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location to Covent Gardens and lovely hotel,"Hotel is near the popular Covent Gardens location with lots of restaurants and shops; it is around 5 minutes walking from Covent Gardens tube station, which is on the Piccadilly line that connects to Heathrow Airport terminals.  You can also walk to famous sights such as Trafalgar Square, Whitehall, Westminster Abbey, and Big Ben.  The hotel has some remodeled rooms that are very nice. Hotel has a special welcome dessert, which is a special touch.  Please note there are some rooms on each floor that are not accessible by elevator and require going up/down some steps, but you can request rooms closer to elevator if you need assistance with steps or get the bellman to help with the luggage.    We would love to stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"My Husband and I just returned on Monday from London. We had a wonderful time. Particularly because of the Waldorf Hilton. From the moment we were greeted, to when we left, we felt very comfortable and welcomed. The rooms were clean and comfortable. I appreciate that there was always someone checking that our rooms were to our satisfaction. The location of this hotel is perfect to get to anywhere in London. Very centrally located,in the heart of the theatre district and all buses stopped in front of the hotel.  The staff were friendly and always available. Everyone at the concierge took care that all of our requests were satisfied. I apologize that I don't remember all their names but the conceirge,front desk and the doormen, all should be commended. Cyrille really pulled off…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4640-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Location,"This is a truly beautiful hotel, situated on the doorstep of Covent Garden, many Theatres, The Opera House, umpteen classy eateries and coffee houses, exclusive perfumeries, and, well....it is just perfect!! The Hotel is stunning, the staff are polite and very smartly dressed, the service is impeccable and the only thing you have to do ...is...breathe ;).everything else is taken care of. Our bedroom was on the 1st floor and I had the best night's sleep ever, oh so comfy bed. The room itself was classy, the bathroom was just divine. I honestly cannot fault this superb Hotel...there was even a daily newspaper left in a bag hanging on our door handle each morning!!  There was a wedding reception being held on one of the days we were there, and although the celebrations ceased by…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in London,"Good location, well kept, decent value (we booked a package through American Airlines so the rate wasn't bad).  The restaurant was nice (we had breakfast and a late meal there).  The staff were very nice and helpful; though the concierge desk could do with better contacts (their vendors weren't able to provide items that we wanted and I got them through the concierge at another hotel I frequently stay at in London).  And though it was a busy and rowdy weekend (Bank Holiday and the UEFA Champions League finals at Wembley), the hotel was still a nice, convenient place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Very efficient (early) check The room was spotless, very quiet both from the inside and outside of the hotel. We slept very well in lovely surroundings (worth walking down the stairs rather than taking the lift - you then see the beautiful stained glass windows).  Breakfast was buffet style and not particularly good, although the service staff were very attentive.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Superb customer service,"The hotel's location is unbeatable, and we stayed in a smart, recently refurbished room overlooking Aldwych,which had a lovely bathroom.Whilst other 5star  hotels might have more designer frills what made our stay was the courtesy shown to us by Nader Neishabouri the customer services manager.We had indicated that we were interested in the history of this iconic building and he arranged a personal tour of its architecture and presented my wife with a 100 years of photos book.Nothing was too much trouble,so in terms of service,history and location the Waldorf is an excellent choice.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location-excellent staff,"The Waldorf has an excellent location close to the theaters and Convent Garden.  Also, there are bus stops just in front of the hotel to take you to other tourist spots.  This central location works well for tourism and business.  The hotel staff were very courteous and professional.  The room was very clean and modern.  The bathroom was spacious with plenty of amenities.  The breakfast buffet was fantastic with many, many menu items.  The restaurant staff were very good.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4645-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Rooms and Superb breakfast,lovely hotel in great location the new rooms are excellent. all staff very courteous and helpful. standards are as you would expect for a 5* hotel and you will not be disappointed. Rooms are classy and beds very comfortable and clean. breakfasts are superb with so much choice and presented and cooked expertly. dinning area well spaced out and all public areas are good for relaxing. nice atmosphere.  convent garden is 5 min walk away and lots of theatre's in this area. easy walk to Trafalgar square and national gallery plus many other attractions.  we had the bank holiday weekend here and it was not long enough. thank you for a superb stay.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"I chose this hotel because of it's perfect location. This is in the theater district, close to Covent Garden, and a lot of restaurants. There are so many theaters within walking distance it's amazing. The hotel has been so helpful with everything. I was I'll yesterday and they came to check on me later in the day, and again today, bringing me crackers and fluids. They arranged my transportation to the airport, and at a much better rate than the taxi I paid for coming from the airport. The rooms are large, and the bathrooms very large too. I haven't used the gym but they are connected to an LA Fitness center.  After walking for 4 hours on my first day I didn't feel like going to the gym.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Disappointing, rooms very small although clean. Breakfast average, 6 of us cramped on a table for 4!! had to request tables to be put together.  As it was my 50th Birthday my family requested fruit to be left in my room, 2 Apples & 2 pears.!!!!  One of our party left her Dress in her room when telephoned the Hotel she was told no dress was left!!! someone will be wearing a very nice dress and it will not be the owner.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good location but nothing else,the location at the bottom of Covent Garden is good.Buses outside go east to St Pauls and the Tower of London;so get yourself a visitors Oyster Card and travel on the top deck or on the underground as much as you want.Look at the bus stops for route details. The hotel-our cases were taken as soon as we arrived and delivered to our room from then on things went downhill.We had to queue at the reception desk as there were only two receptionists on duty until another one appeared from behind a pillar. We were offered a drink which looked like cough mixture-we did not want a drink we wanted service please.Our room was minute and the bed smallish but comfortable.We were told that the window did not open but later found it did if only a small amount.The bathroom was almost as large as…,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location - nice room too.,"Mu hubby and I have just returned from one night at the Waldorf, our third year of spending a night in this hotel for a night on the town.  My hubby had booked an upgrade to an exec room (as he does every year), however on check in, the receptionist said there was no upgrade showing. We accepted this and asked for the upgrade there an then. Luckily there was an exec room available, so we got our upgrade!! The room was smaller than the rooms we had stayed in before, but it wasn't too small. The bed was comfortable, but the shower over the bath was a little cramped.  Our time in London was lovely, however realising that they were gonna charge us £5.50 for a bottle of VitaminWater was a little shocking!! Then on check out this morning, lo and behold, there were two upgrades on…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4650-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Noise,"The window was broken which meant that it rattled all night and therefore I was unable to sleep, leaving me exhausted for my course the next day.   The carpets were also stained and there were black marks along the walls.  Very disappointing stay",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location hotel,"Situated in the heart of theatre land it was a short walk to Covent Garden , the rooms and service was excellent, the staff were very helpfull and friendly.the restaurant was lovely with very good food and good service, ask to see the tea-dance room where scenes were filmed for Titanic it is magnificent.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"We stayed here for three nights for our Honeymoon and the hotel was wonderful. We arrived early and our room was ready and they let us check in early. We stayed in an executive room which was spacious, modern and very quiet. A lovely touch as we were celebrating was the arrival of a cake to congratulate us on our marriage from the hotel.  The bed was extremely comfortable and the room spotlessly clean. The hotel staff were warm and friendly and the decor and facilities at the hotel were very good. The hotel bar had a lovely atmosphere (though a tad overpriced but normal for London) and the executive lounge facilities were good. There was plenty of space to sit and relax the food and drink was frequently replenished and the wifi free. We did not get the chance to use the spa…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,OK Dinner,Had dinner here Easter Weekend - first time here!! Food was ok but nothing to write home about - service was first class! Would i go back - probably not! Didnt have the atmoshphere i was expecting - for me there was just something missing - couldnt put my finger on it! Very ordinary!,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Comfort  and service personified, well placed for a London city break.","I have stayed at this hotel before and again we found it to be everything you expect from this prestigious hotel. The room was small but warm and quiet; and the executive lounge can get quite busy. The staff are excellent from reception all the way through. We asked the concierge for a restaurant suggestion and he immediately bought up info on his desk computer and talked us through various options. (Young guy, can't remember his name). Reception called us in the room to check everything was OK too. It really does define elegance and service. The bar downstairs is a really nice place to chill after walking the London streets. I will definitely revisit.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4655-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea!,"Visited the hotel for afternoon tea and have to say it was beautiful! Staff were very friendly and on hand at all times! The choice of teas was good and we were able to change the sandwiches when we saw there was salmon, as not able to eat it, there was no problem with this. Overall lovely experience!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea for two with Grupon.,"hi,  well it was not as such great deal as we wanted. the hotel is in fabulous location but nothing much else. the afternoon tea went rather hectic. we enjoyed the room but no much else. the service was kind but definitely not enough people. seemed that they short of staff... we waited long to be served and kept asking for something as they forgot// such as milk or spoon:(  food was not as brilliant as we wished and cups were just a normal white. nothing special really. will not recommend in that price... + not willing to go back. thx",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend at all,Wow what a disappointment we had when walking into our room today. With the high cost and great location and five stars we expected so much more. This is NOT a five star (three at best). It's run down and the rooms are ridiculously small. For a rack rate around $400 we had a double sized bed! That's right - smaller than a queen size. And I have to mention this - the toilet was filthy and I had to wash down the seat myself before use. We will not be staying here again for our future trips to London. The location was great but that's about it.,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"GREAT Location, Staff are really friendly, and amazing Executive Lounge",The staff here make the hotel!  They are amazing!  So very friendly.  The location is great.  You can walk to two different Underground lines from this hotel.  One of the two lines goes to the Heathrow Airport.  The hotel has been around awhile and our room had been updated.  The Executive Lounge is worth upgrading to if you have the budget.  It was great!!!  The pool is shared by LA Fitness in the basement and it is a decent size.  The breakfast in the morning is excellent with again great staff!!  This hotel is in the heart of the Theatre district.  London's Underground metro system is amazing!!  If you are going to be in London for 6-7 days get their Oyster card at the airport for a 7 day pass.  Don't forget to get your 5 pounds (your deposit for the Oyster card) back when…,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Star Want to Be,"This is not a 5 star hotel.  It is more like a 3.5 star hotel.  On the positive side, it is walking distance to the Theatres, restuarants, Covent Garden.  The doormen and the bellboys are good.  After that, it is marginal.  The walls are thin, the ceiling was thin and creaked as the people walked above our room.  The floor in our room also creaked and we tried to avoid the spots that creaked to avoid disturbing the people below us.  On our second day of our stay, we had to call the front desk several times for shampoo and soap, which was omitted by the maid that day.  On our third day,we left the room ealy, marked the electronic sign to make up the room.  When we returned by 4:30 that afternoon to prepare to go to dinner and the theatre, the room was still not made up.  On the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4660-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good facility, expensive","We stayed five nights. Hotel locatio is superb - close to Covent Garden with many restaurants and shops nearby.  Deluxe rooms are very good - room size veries, between relatively small to spacy. Breakfast is faboulus. Fitness room and small pol are awailable. Service of staff is very freindly. Only catch - room rates are very high.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but the usual issues with big hotels",We stayed in a very nice room on the 5th floor thanks to an upgrade. Everything good but the heat in these large hotels get unbearable at times - leaving the air-conditioning on all night is not an answer for us because they all make a noise plus the windows didn't open very much. Breakfast poor - cereals in small packets and poor quality fruit juices - could be better for a hotel with  such a good reputation.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,Had bought a voucher earlier in the year and used this week. Sometimes these offers can be disappointing but not this one. Lovely tea seved in very pleasant surroundings by a charming couple  of young staff. Nothing too much trouble - but not overly attentive. Lovely cakes and warm scones with real clotted cream. Not rushed at all - most enjoyable hour.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Over rated,"Stayed there 2 nights on hilton points, and we were upgraded to a king executive room for an extra £50/night. We had room 804 in the alcove. I'm not sure the upgrade was worth it, looking at the pictures on tripadvisor, it seems like the regular rooms were better looking.  Was the room missing some furniture? especially in the part that had the bed? The was a lamp but no chair ! Looked awkward.  Maybe it was a room used for stays on points... Very minimalist!   There was no face cloths and one hand towel when we checked in and there were face cloths but no hand towel the following day. In fact the room seemed like it was done in a rush and the food tray was still at the door when we first got to our room at 4pm.  In fact we showed up at 1pm and our room was not ready. We were…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
4668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,Booked for three nights and from check in to check out everything was fantastic - the location is perfect for getting around and the staff are sooo helpfull - claire at reception deserves special mention - we will certainly be back,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4665-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful stay, great room & service","Booked a 3 night stay in the Kings Suite. Cheaper to book direct with the hotel & received additional perks, executive room access throughout the day & breakfast. The room or rooms were just wow, separate lounge, study area, bedroom & en suite. Lounge had own toilet area by the door for visitors. Executive lounge was comfortable with cakes, nibbles & drinks. Although quiet for breakfast, service was a lot better than when we tried the regular dining area. This area did involve queuing & constantly reminding staff we would like a coffee before the end of breakfast. Loved our stay & can't wait to experience the Waldorf again. Walking distance for theatre, london eye, oxo tower.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great reception,"The reception we received had to be one of the best ever. Professional, friendly and very helpful. The room had recently been refurbed and was spotless and very well appointed , as was the bathroom. This is in no way intended as a criticism , but the room was very modern , so if you were expecting a little 1930s glamour in the room, you could have been a shade disappointed, but then, if it hadn't been refurbed It would probably have looked tired and  worn,so you would still have been disappointed. The breakfast was good (the coffee excellent ) and check out was fast and precise, and still friendly. We had a reasonable deal, after all, this is central London but it is still a bit pricey. It was so nearly an excellent , but at these prices excellent has to be faultless. Would we…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,April Spring stay of Waldorf,"The rooms were slightly tired, but I understand that these are being refurbished at the moment I wld strongly suggest the stay in the Executive rooms as these give you access to the Lounge.   That makes it very good value indeed if you have a good travel agent  The real points to be gained were the very well trained and impressive staff who went out of their way to help us. We had a family b'day celebration and they gave us fruit, cake and a card.  I would particularly like to thank Diletta Scaram (I think this was her name as she was from Italy) who was extremely polite, professional and helpful. She was an excellent hotel executive who clearly knows how to make travelers feel at home. Full marks Sunando",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned but nice,"The Waldorf obviously has a grand pedigree and I was apprehensive about taking children to this restaurant ... but I needn’t have worried.  The tables are quite closely packed and the waiting staff scurry around trying to service guests efficiently. The menu is very limited but has some nice food combinations. I ordered palmer ham and figs followed by sea trout. Both were nicely cooked and the flavours worked well together. The cheese board to close was heavenly and contained a great mix of cheeses, especially the smelly matured ones!  My family chose other dishes and were also satisfied with the standard of the food. Service was a little slow and the place needs a re-decoration. We went on a Groupon deal which made this excellent value for money.  Go for a treat, it's a very…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for walking to major sites. Great Hotel,"Lets clear up one urban legend here first. The movie Titanic was not filmed here in the Palm Room. This was anoounced on many tours and is simply not true according to on site staff. The room was designed by the same person that designed the Titanics ballroom but none of the movie was filmed here. The staff here was great we actually got checked in early because our room was clean. I generally do not like to have a hold put on my credit card so they do allow a cash deposit here no fuss.The staff here was great and they couldnt do enough for you. The doorman was very English and just as nice as could be. The neighborhood was safe no problems here and the location was so good you could walk to Big Ben, The London Eye and most other sites. Plus if you want to see aplay this for…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4670-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Booked a luxury hotel in London for a birthdya ceelbration, but wanted good value. Could not fault standard of room service and breakfast. a great way to spend  a weekend. Very good quality bathroom toiletries.Towels large enough and robes supplied for fitness area.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, excellent location","We went to London to see a show next door to the Waldorf (Top Hat - brilliant show by the way) and stayed Saturday night. Fortunately we got a cracking deal and upgraded to the Executive Room. The added benefit to this is access to the Executive Lounge - nice relaxing area with complimentary food and drinks - afternoon tea and canapés in the evening. The room was a good size, comfortable and modern. Service was great and staff were very friendly.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"Had a nice weekend here.   Room was great, surroundings were very pleasant.   Guess we got exactly what we paid for.   The staff were all very attentive, friendly and helpful.    Breakfast was exceptional.   We had a letter in our room saying we should expect it to be very busy at breakfast, but it wasn't when we arrived at 9am.    Plenty of food well presented.       As usual with this sort of place be prepared for the bar prices.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Worth It,"I recently planned a trip for 7 people to  London and Paris.  After reading reviews, we booked the Waldorf Hilton at Covent Garden in London.  We were there for four days without ever seeing or experiencing housekeeping.  When we complained to the manager, she sent three bottles (1 each to 3 rooms) of terrible wine as an apology.  Some people had to call for towels several times.  The rooms were OK but not great.  Some staff at the front desk were very helpful and friendly while others were almost hostile.  The website advertised high speed internet as an amenity and then they charged me almost $25 per night for the internet service.  The system forced you to put the internet service on a credit card and then the charges also showed up on the hotel invoice.  This is a poorly…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
4678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surprised,"I stayed during April 2013 for a weekend redeeming some of my Hilton Hhonours point. I stayed in a recently refurbished executive room. The room was large and everything in the room of a high standard. I made use of the lobby restaurant, bar and the executive lounge. The staff was friendly, service was good, a nice selection in the lounge of food and drink. I had nothing to complaint about in that respect.  I thought that the person checking me in could have been more welcoming but he could hardly speak English and I had to spell my surname twice.  On the Saturday afternoon returned at about 15:30 to the Hotel to rest but was unable to do so. Workmen were working somewhere on a higher floor and it was very irritating. Called the front desk to complain and requested to be moved…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4675-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic staff, excellent location. Great hotel.",I stayed here for one Wednesday night in May as a surprise for my girlfriends birthday. I had afternoon tea booked for 1pm (separate review) in their restaurant so we had turned up at about 12.30 not expecting to be able to check in.   The check in staff were very helpful and we managed to check in almost three hours early which was a great bonus.   We were put on a first floor room which was newly refurbished. It was very clean and good facilities. The only bad part to the room was that there was no mirror in the bedroom at all only the one over the bathroom sink. This was a pain for my girlfriend doing her hair etc as the nearest plug was just a bit too far away! The shower is excellent and the bed comfy as usual for Hilton.   That evening we had some cocktails in the bar and…,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent London Hotel,"The Waldorf Hilton exceeded my expectations for a mid-to higher priced London hotel.  Not too pricey, but definitely not cheap. It is the perfect mix of understated elegance and convenient location.  The rooms are on the small side, but relatively large by London standards. Clean, with neat lines. Concierge, as should be expected at a hotel of this type, was extremely helpful. I forgot to pack a pair of black socks. Called them up before I arrived and asked that they grab me a pair within 15 minutes, and as I checked in was handed them. They must have sent someone running as soon as I had called.  I didn't have time to check out the amenities, but they appeared nice.  If you can afford to splurge a little, this is the hotel for you.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"6 members of my family visited The Waldorf for afternoon tea to celebrate a wedding anniversary.  The staff could not have been more attentive, the food was delicious and my parents especially loved every minute of whole experience.  We also loved the building and the atmosphere and as we attended with a deal bought on Groupon, it was also very good value.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Should have been better,"Went there for afternoon tea.Dirty cup and saucer.Staff were not around when you needed them.Sandwiches and scones were ok,but nothing special.They forgot the champayne until I asked for it.This hotel should be one of the best but it wasn't good.I have had many afternoon teas but this one was well below par.The man at the front did help and we were offered more food and tea,but this was our 25th wedding anniversary and it should have been better",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"More than ""Just a Hilton""","Having stayed at this hotel previously, I know how good it is, however on this occassion the service, staff and atmosphere were exceptional. All departments from the excellent French Cocktail barman to the outstanding service at breakfast excelled. Nothing is an issue in this hotel and indeed you almost forget you are in the hotel as service feels personal and as if you are with friends. Highly recommend this hotel - an amazing experience that totally makes you relaxed.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4680-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location is great,"I had a meeting just around the corner from the hotel, so my stay in the hotel was brief ...  Temple underground seemed the closest underground, but there are a few steps to navigate and also in the hotel there are a few steps (although the doorman was eager to assist).  Check in was painless ... no queues at all ... the Bellagio could learn from this ...  Room was spacious for the location, so perhaps I had a superior room as I was not expecting so much space, it was a Queen room (room 142), and the bathroom was the size I was expecting ... an estate agent would say cosy, I would say cramped ... there was a bath ... but pretty narrow for a shower ...  I noted they replaced my towels on my return which is always a nice touch, especially in the summer when it is a bit sticky.   …",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,tea for a friend birthday 7 may 2013,yes there were five of us for tea we had a small tour first the man playing the panio had picture with peggy who birthday it was  then rebekkol servce us the tea she was excellent so was the manager well done to all the staff for being so friendly a small candle and cake well done tony mbe,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Meal at the grand salon,Booked a deal on the website through bookatable for the price of £30 for a three course dinner with 2 glasses of wine each. Had not stayed at the Hotel before so thought we would give the restaurant a go - first the Grand salon is impressive with the high ceilings and lovely decor. Our waiter was Aruids very pleasant and welcoming he served us for the night and was very good at his job. We started with goats cheese and melon salad which was very tasty followed by the duck in red wine sauce and minted potatoes followed by strawberry cheesecake and almond tart with a glass of desert wine. A lovely occasion and enjoyed the experience will go back again for a special treat.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
4687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Five Stars,"Clearly a leading London hotel. Great amenities, especially in the executive rooms. Classy bar and lounge area. Very good handicap facilities. Close to many London theaters and Covent Gardens. Two block walk to underground.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great week-end Waldorf - thanks :),A Perfect week-end Thanks to Harley and his team !! Had a wonderful week-end with my husband ( a yearly thing we do without our teenage daughters-a bit of time out for us!!!) Room  was amazing dinner - breakfast - afternoon tea we could not fault it !! Thank you Harley - and the Waldorf for an amazing week-end - see you all next year !!!!,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
4689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4685-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location and service, but overpriced drinks and hard beds!","I recently stayed at the Waldorf Hilton which is in the center of it all in London. Walking distance to Covent Garden, Piccadilly, etc. The hotel is clean and the staff very professional and courteous. I received an upgrade to a superior room which was standard size for Europe (small). The bathroom was quite large and included an over sized soaking tub, a large walk in shower with a rain head, and two sinks!  The bed however was like sleeping on plywood! When you are used to sleeping on the beds at a SPG property, these were like a rock!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special occasion ruined,"My daughter booked a weekend here for us to meet & have a rare weekend together. ( as we live so far apart) . She paid for an upgrade too. I was so looking forward to something special in this famous 5 star London hotel. What a disapppointment - mostly everything from service to facilities was average or below & certainly not value for money. It started with check in - they had no record of it. First upset. They found it with another name on eventally &  I was given check in form to fill in with another person's name & address on to amend & complete. This is Breach of Data Protection. Would you want your name , address & tel. number given to a stranger?  I left my case & returned later to meet my daughter. Again they told us there was no trace of booking , not even earlier check…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
4691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor service the stay was not special at all,This hotel is like a cappuccino all froth and no substance   From the minute we walked into the hotel we were blanked by the concierge The foyer was packed with people  And no body from the hotel was prepared to offer any assistance with bags ect When we checked in there was no mention of if we would like a meal in the hotel or if we had a nice weekend planned they just  Couldn't be bothered  The room we were in was refurbished and while its decor was nice it was terribly dusty  When we got dressed and left the hotel  Again the guys in the foyer blanked us  Never offered any help or said good bye  And the same when we returned  In the morning when we checked out the women asked if everything was ok we told her how dusty the room was  And not dirty but not clean  She couldn't…,Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"The staff was pleasant and very helpful in the executive lounge.  Great location as you could walk to most of the sights in London, catch the tube from Charring Cross or catch the bus right outside the door.  Felt very safe walking back even in the wee hours of the morning.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, beautiful room but.......","Pleasant welcome & early check in catered for whilst having a speedy lunch so we could change for a ceremony. Had lovely meal in the Grand Salon, super breakfast, etc etc but on Sat evening we returned to our room to find a message stating breakfast was expected to be extremely busy. We decided to book free room service for 9.30am having tickets to see the Shard at 11.30am. I was worried just after 10am so called to be greeted with 'oh no not another' clearly missed. I was told 10.30 & was getting twitchy again when still nothing arrived. I went to pay my bill & front of house made a welcome small deduction for the inconvenience. Breakfast arrived closer to 11am so this caused a rush & made it less leisurely than expected. Seems a wedding was being catered for as well but we…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4690-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Careless Cleaning","The Waldorf in London is in a great location. We were able to walk to many of the main sites with ease and there are some great theatres nearby. The staff was friendly but not knowledgeable. On separate occasions we asked both the front desk staff and concierge questions that we expected to be basic knowledge about the hotel facilities (closing times, amenities, etc.). I was surprised when the question spurred several phone calls to find the answer. It’s possible that we just happened to ask the “new staff.”  The room was the other mark missed. Upon arriving we found hair in the bathroom, someone else’s chapstick under the nightstand and water rings on the side table. I know this falls on a few people and not the hotel but it’s what makes the guest’s hotel experience a hit or…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Has to be the best in London,"We took 4 rooms as a family staying two nights, I was running the marathon and my family were there to support. The rooms were very very nicely decorated and spacious and bathrooms excellent. Breakfast was extensive self services with lots of choice good quality and a great dining room. The staff were really friendly and helpful even providing bananas and water for any runners staying the morning of the marathon. Fitness club facility  and swimming was excellent Cannot praise enough.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not thrilled...,"Stayed here for 1 night in a room on the 7th floor.   The location is great if you need to be around central London and Covent Garden.    My first impression of the room:  Dusty.  There was a lot of dust across the desk in the working area, carpet area, walls, bathroom, etc.  And this at a property which rates itself as 5 star?  My colleague found hair around his bathroom and on the bed. Seeing pictures of other travellers on here...they must have been placed in the renovated or cleaner rooms. The WiFi in the room was great.  Toiletries were very minimal ....  We had breakfast in the restaurant, which is nothing to write home about. The billing was a joke: apparently if you sit at the same table with a business colleague you have to pay his bill as well and cant split it - truth…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"The highlight of this Waldorf, as with all, is the service. As this was a special stay for me, I called the hotel and requested flowers for my partner, the hotel had them ready in our room with a complimentary upgrade as well. The concierge was incredibly helpful and friendly. Add to this the perfect location and large rooms for London and I can't think of a better place to stay in the city. ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"Having previously stayed at this hotel in 2010 I was somewhat surprised to see some of the reviews. I did wonder if standards had slipped HOWEVER have just returned from a fantastic 2 night stay in a suite Cannot fault it. Staff we're helpful and friendly, room was ready when we arrived early, fantastic suite, access to executive lounge which has afternoon tea and early evening drinks and canapés. I think there were problems with some rooms not being ready as we overhead some conversations in the executive lounge - however staff appeared courteous and apologetic.  Staff in the executive lounge went out of their way to be helpful, I asked if there were any chocolates following the canapés and shortly afterwards a bowl of truffles appeared!  Breakfast in the executive lounge was…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4695-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Always judge a hotel by the coffee!,"On return from the Orient Express trip we booked a night here as my partner used it regularly in the past and spent Christmas and New Year 2011 there.  I was a bit appalled frankly in view of the price of the room.  As far as location is concerned I can see the benefit for theatre going, but other than that it was bustling and messy rather than buzzy.  Room was dingy with no outlook only over generator or some such machinery; absolutely no natural environment.  It felt like a dungeon.    Room service expensive and food arrives cold and the coffee is non potable;  i.e., undrinkable.  £26 in total (although I had the florentine - cold though it was).  Staff do their best to dilute the dismay and all seemed eager to please and pleasant professional types.  But what a…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is in a great location for central London and Covent Garden. We booked a king executive room with access to the executive lounge. We were really Pleased with the room which was newly decorated and a decent size. The breakfast served in the exec lounge was great and we also enjoyed early evening drinks and canapés. I have a severe nut allergy which can be awkward at times but the staff in the executive lounge were brilliant and went out of their way to make me a special nut free cheese board! This is a great hotel. The only improvement I would suggest would be to make wifi available free to guests as this is becoming common practice in hotels of a similar standard, £14 per day for wifi is a little steep. ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellant stay.,"This was a return visit and I can only say it had the WOW factor.  The room was amazing,  Bed king size I almost lost my husband in it!!,   We even had a welcome back chocolate cake in the room. The afternoon tea is a real treat.  Staff are attentive and friendly.  Thank you Waldorf  we look foreward to visiting again.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage Grand Salon --- amazing place for breakfast ...,"Had an amazing champagne Buffett breakfast at the grand salon. Amazing service, excellent food. I had dinner here previously which I thoroughly enjoyed. The buffet breakfast was just as good. Used a travel zoo deal for a champagne breakfast ... Strongly recommend.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, poor service","The classic Waldorf hotel, once a luxury 5* with all the exclusivity you'd expect. Clearly that was a while ago. It's still 5* but it's Hilton owned- not necessarily bad, but it's suffering from the same problem most Hilton's have- bad service. Perhaps my average scoring is a little unfair- I don't know. But I think when it comes to big branded 5* hotels, it's entirely more acceptable to be a harsher critic- given the amount your paying.   The executive suite I had was stunning- and large. Decent lounge on that floor to accompany it. But service was slow, both at check in, at breakfast, at the bar, and room service became a small nightmare. Sleep quality wasn't great either, mostly due to noise- it's renovation wasn't particularly well designed I feel. But on the flip side, it…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
4704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4700-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Staying once a year - good quality great location,We like this hotel because of the great location just next to Covent garden and because of its good executive lounge. The staff is nice. Just a little bit slow and few elevators. We stayed three times and are probably coming back again next time.,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,THE Place to Stay in London!,"Couldn't ask for a better location...nicer rooms and more courteous staff. The best part is you can walk to everything... theaters are nearby if you want to see a show...choices for food are wonderful and shopping too. The rooms are small but lovely.  If you are going to London, stay here!  You will not be disappointed.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5 Excuses and No Stars,"Likely the worst hotel experience in all my travels.  Secretly, the hotel was under renovation with no price reduction.  Normally, Hilton Hhonors members are warned rather than being dumped into a construction zone!  Hammering, drilling and paint fumes galore.  Workers walking the halls with tools and paint.    The first room was very worn, rundown, unclean with broken glass.  The latter causing the first room move.  At least, four individuals can to confirm yes it was dirty and yes there was glass and yes it was unacceptable.  So they gave me another room which was freshly painted and renovated.  Thank goodness for a window that opens since the fresh pain smell was strong.    Room was nice, but inappropriate for a late sleep-in or afternoon nap!  Drilling and pounding.    Was…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton,"Probably one of the best Hilton I've ever been. The location is perfect whether you are traveling for business or leisure. The staff is professional and attentive, I would like to thanks Diletta S. for the warm welcome at the check in. She is probably one the best employee at the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional!,"We stayed here for our anniversary which was also marathon weekend... Great location for the marathon! Right near the embankment, savoy and theatres. We were upgraded to one of their newly refurbished rooms, it was very clean and modern. The service we received was very efficient, room service didn't take long at all. The hotel even sent us up a cake for an anniversary gift!  Couldn't fault it, although, get to breakfast early - it was very busy.  Will definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4705-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,GREAT HOTEL,I stayed at the Waldof Hilton for one night as soon as I arrived with my daughter they were extremely friendly our room was very spacious and clean it is a 5 minute walk to covent garden we did have breakfast which was fantastic . My daughter left her phone charger in the hotel and they very kindly sent it to my home address within 2 days . I will stay at the hotel again good staff and clean also the doormen were extremely kind giving us the best directions to tube stations etc.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but overpriced,"Advertised as a five star hotel, this newly-franchised Hilton property barely makes four stars when you consider the services provided compared to the room rates and additional fees.  You can do better for another $50 at the Savoy.  On the plus side, the Waldorf Hilton location is great if you're taking in a show, walking along the Strand or sightseeing.  A stone's throw from Covent Garden Market, the hotel really is convenient.  The property also has a good restaurant and day privileges the on-site LA Sports Club fitness facility.    On the down side, the staff of what appear to be mainly young Russians are very good at politely explaining things you won't be enjoying -- early check in, room upgrades or access to the executive lounge, despite your Hilton status.  (""The…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"This is a perfectly located hotel, right next to several theatres, covent garden, trafalgar square etc. We had a fantastic stay and it was well worth booking an executive room. Staff very attentive and great with the kids; even got to know their names! The only reason I give a four star and not a five is that the pool area including change rooms is shabby and needs a revamp. Will definitely stay again!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"We have stayed here on a number of occasions and love the fact it is so central to everything, 5 min walk to Covent garden and 10mins to Leicester square. Good atmosphere, worth upgrading room though. Enjoyed listening to pianist in the evenings and the afternoon tea is to die for!",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Just had a fab stay at the Hilton , from start to finish it was a joy. The room was beautifully decorated and exceptionally clean. The staff were very helpful ,especially the concierge .it was our first stay here and will most definitely return .",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4710-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Traditional hotel in theatreland.,"Great traditional hotel.  Wonderful location for West End theatres - almost next door to Aldwych Theatre. We stayed in an Executive twin room which was spacious, comfortable and well appointed.  We had dinner on the first night in the hotel which was good value.  Breakfast excellent.  Only disappointment was the swimming pool and fitness suite.  Very noisy, busy and shabby.  I walked in and promptly walked out, not at all the standard of a five star hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It will do,"A bit disappointed with my stay here, having heard great reviews of it in the past. Small boutique room which was fine, gorgeous bathroom but the room was freezing cold. Called down to reception and had to have a maintenance man come up and tackle the old style plug in heater. He was lovely and professional but that's not the point. I expected a more updated heated system! Service was good but overall I wasn't bowled over.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family City Break,With a trip to London for my daughters graduation ceremony in the House of Lords it seemed fitting to team this with a visit to Hilton's flagship brand on reflection a mistake. Having been a Hilton Grand Vacation member since 1999 and having made a sizeable investment in Hilton's dream vacation it is the first time I have left a Hilton brand hotel less than happy. Checked in by a rude girl who told us we had no access to the executive lounge and we should read the terms and conditions was to say the least an insult. Her attitude was reciprocated by a number of members of staff. Service at breakfast was sloppy. The waitress was incapable of clearing numerous dirty plates between courses and when asked to bring certain items never returned with them even though restaurant was…,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea - Frankly ... don't bother ... less than average,"Booked a deal through Living Social for Champagne Afternoon Tea. Due to the bad weather we arrived 30 minutes early. Nice welcome by the ""Homage"" receptionist and we were seated without any fuss. Great start. Then....there was a whole fuss about the booking confirmation and we sat and waited while my partner retreived the reference number , no menus were offered , no drinks offered.....nothing. Very embarassing and totally unnecessary. What did they think we were going to do ?? Run off and not pay ?? The woman practically stood over my partner while he looked for the confirmation number on the iphone.   Finally.... 3 champagne cocktails were brought to the table. The waitress accent was so strong we couldnt understand her explanation of what was in the cocktails , even after 3…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Very nice room and the best ever hotel gym!  But I just don't get it, we are in 2013 and you still have to pay more than £10 for 24h Internet connection - this is about the same I pay for a monthly subscription. The cafes close by seem to get it right with their signs 'free wifi' ",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4715-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Missing that 5* Touch,"We stayed one night over Easter in a Deluxe Queen room which was one of the newly refurbished rooms and we were happy with the layout and decor although there was something missing considering this is a 5 star hotel.  This 'something missing' thing seems to continue all over the hotel which, in fairness, is undergoing a refurbishment.  We decided to pop to the pool for a quick swim a couple of hours before dinner and I have to say I was quite shocked at the state of the swimming pool which is by far the most needy part of the Waldorf and this should be addressed ASAP with regards to a refurbishment - it is not cheap to stay at this hotel yet the swimming area is worse than many local authority pools (which are quite luxurious in comparison).  This was a big dissapointment for me…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Three stays - Three nightmares! Worst Hilton property I have stayed in.,"I have stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in London three times over the past while.   Each visit has had problems that I would consider unacceptable in any hotel, for a property with the calibre and reputation of The Waldorf it is downright shocking! I had tears in my eyes at one stage, I couldn't believe that a hotel had the power to ruin a holiday but The Waldorf managed to destroy our vacation.   I have stayed at 100's of locations around the world, from the worlds finest 5 star hotels to  low budget hotels, and unfortunately the Hilton Waldorf Astoria is one of the most disappointing hotel experiences I've ever had.   By right, I should be writing 3 Tripadvisor reviews, each with 1 star, however it would be unfair to damage the hotels Tripadvisor rankings, so I am putting all…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location for theaters, but mixed feelings about the hotel","Walford is located in the theater district of London, so if you love musicals, it's a great spot. Most central London attractions are also within reasonable distance. Some of the rooms are renovated, and at least some renovation is on-going. We had been promised two interconnecting rooms for our family, but upon arrival we were offered two separate rooms. There was quite a hassle to sort this out, and we were downgraded to smaller rooms to have the interconnecting door. Breakfast was great; good selection of food and lovely old-style breakfast room. Hotel has a gym with many exercise machines, but terribly loud music. Swimming pool is a nice plus! Many staff members are friendly and helpful, but small quirks happened as well. For instance; I room was not cleaned at all during…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"We had booked afternoon tea at the Waldorf as a surprise for a friends special birthday.  The service was appalling we sat at our table for 40 minutes and then had to get up and ask someone if we were going to be served.  The sandwiches were of very poor quality. We had to ask for more of everything.  No one came over and asked if everything was OK with us.  All in all very disappointing, We will not be returning.  It is certainly not the hotel it was years ago.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome remodel on the rooms.,"The room was so comfortable. I was on a marathon trip and didn't want to leave the room due to it's size and amenities. The hotel is near numerous theaters, clubs, pubs, restaurants, and offers an amazing afternoon tea. I wish I could have stayed longer.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4720-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Purely Average, Tiny Rooms, Overated","The hotel has quite a history but do not allow this to sway you into the need to stay there.  While the hotel exterior is architecturally beautiful, its where the pleasurable experience ends, in my opinion.  In defense of the hotel, the staff was superior, in friendliness, professionalism and desire to serve.  Unfortunately, the meat of the hotel, meaning the rooms, food and beverage experience is far inferior to the actual staff who serve.  The rooms are ridiculously small and according to the front desk, there are so many room variances they too do not know which rooms are what as they hand them out at check-in.  Meaning, while you may have an ""King Executive Plus"" room, there are just too many styles of rooms for them to know what your individual room has within.  With that…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"We stayed here over Easter weekend this year and felt instantly at ease.  The standard and service in the hotel was exactly what you would expect.  The staff were friendly and professional, courteous and welcoming.  The breakfast was excellent and rooms clean and modern.  There was a lovely extra touch for children on Easter morning consisting of an Easter egg hunt with certificates and prizes.  The hotel is perfectly placed for the theatres, with Leicester Square being only a few minutes walk away.  We will definately stay here again in the future.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,expected better,"Being a Hilton Diamond member, I have stayed in many Hilton properties.  I had very high expectations when I booked into the Waldorf Hilton for a nights stay with my wife in January.  First impressions were great, pleasant doorman greeted us, concierge walked us to the check in desk, we were told our room was not quite ready.  Check in is 3pm, and that was the time we arrived, not a problem as we went to the lounge and were told we would be shown to our room once it was available.  This part was fine, but where it started to unravel was after nearly 2 hours of waiting in the lounge we still had not been given our room.  The staff in the lounge must have been sick of the sight of me asking every 10 minutes if our room was ready, in the end the answer they gave us was a diamond…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Theatreland,"Great location and service but facilities, especially leisure pool / steam room and bathroom, a bit dated. A nice novelty touch having someone open the front door for you but not necessary and no doubt built into the high price.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,brilliant hotel brilliant staff,i had read mixed reviews of the hotel and wondered if id booked the right hotel for our anniversary break.  But from the arrival at the hotel where we were greeted by the polite doorman without him being too pushy (we dont like been relieved of our luggage) to the very friendly receptionist who explained we had been upgraded and could use the executive room and where various rooms were.  our room although not the best weve stayed in was more than adequate and decorated in classy art deco style.  we were at the front of the building and were intitially concerned about road noise but we never heard anything not even emergency sirens which are prevelant in london.   the hotel was ideally placed for anyone going to the many shows and once we got our bearings the distances seemed…,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4725-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel as long as you don't eat here,"My husband recently booked this hotel & paid extra to have B&B as opposed to the room only option.   Check-in service was very good & indeed they gave us a room upgrade free of charge - a good start  The room was clean, spacious and confortable  We arrived for breakfast just before 10am (the clocks went back that night, so we had lost an hours sleep) My husband went for the full english, which was self service but I decided to order poached eggs on toast, which I thought would not be difficult for this calebre of hotel -- big mistake. After waiting almost 30 minutes (having already had a couple of visual signals from the waiting staff that they hadn't forgotten me!) I then asked how my order was progressing, another 10 minutes elapsed when two rock hard freezing cold poached…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for a one night stay in London.,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here last weekend for a surprise for his birthday. I was slightly worried about being able to check in on time after reading all the reviews on here, as I had booked a table at a restaurant for 4.30, but I was very pleased that we were able to check in at dead on 3! It was very handy to be able to leave our bags at the hotel in the morning too..it meant we were able to comfortably explore London :) I had previously contacted the hotel to tell them that it was my boyfriends birthday, and they put a little chocolate cake in the room which was a really nice touch! The room was spotless and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were always so friendly, and at breakfast our glasses were never empty! Breakfast was good, nice selection with a complimentary…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good, not great.","Hotel is very well located, right in the middle of the Theater district, one and half block away from the Strand and close to the Waterloo Bridge. The building is a mixture of new and old; some areas seemed to have been renewed and others not. The receptionist was very pleasant and helpful and was assigned promptly a room at mid morning which was a blessing after a long overnight flight. The elevators are new and the hotel has been remodeling some of the floors and is in the process of doing others. The room appeared to have been refurbished, maybe a bit on the small side and faced the inside court with no view; requested a king size bed and was given a queen sized bed since it most likely would not have fitted into the room. Surprisingly the bed was sitting on casters and kept…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,enjoyable stay,"I had my reservations about staying here as the champagne cream tea we had here 4 weeks ago was disappointing & at the time I was expecting a more elegant and plush hotel and tended to pick out more of the negatives, shabby in places especially in the washrooms downstairs. We were very pleasantly surprised this time. I was able to see more of the positives with this hotel. Our room was lovely, recently refurbished & immaculate, well presented & tastfully decorated. It was quite small but that did not distract from the well designed, compact layout. An excellent night sllep, the bed was so comforatble, we overslept, a one off for a long time!The staff were very helpful. The breakfast was good & the restaurant elegant. The whole experience was very enjoyable, great location too. …",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel to experience London,"We really enjoyed the Waldorf. It is in a great location to tourist sites, theaters, many restaurants, and a couple of tube stops. The staff was very helpful and welcoming. We stayed for 5 nights and would definitely go back again!",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
4734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4730-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a first time trip to London!,"My wife and I have just returned from our first trip to London. We had a great stay at the Waldorf Hilton. We found all the people to be friendly and helpful though some did so with a stiff upper lip. There are a few things you need to know. This hotel is great but under remodeling. Construction starts every day at 8 to 8:30. They will tell you 9, but that was not our experience. Ask for a room away from the construction. Be prepared to change rooms at least once. Get an executive room for the lounge. They serve a great complimentary English breakfast there. They also provide great snacks for tea and in the evening. It is located next door to 2 theatres where. ""Momma Mia"" and ""Top Hat"" are not playing. Within 5 minutes you can walk to the Lion King theatre. The tube stations (2)…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
4735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Spectacular...Yet Not Bad,"Stayed here for 4 days.  Great location to all the major sites.  Easy access to public transportation, with the Temple tube station right across the street.  Short walk to Trafalgar, Picadilly, etc.  Felt that the hotel was good, but was not as spectacular as I would have expected from a Waldorf.  Overall it provided what we needed, but you didn't get that ""warm"" feel from staying there.  I suppose it may be due to the mass amount of people, versus the typical boutique feels.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Package trip with Roadmark Coaches,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on Easter Sunday 31st March 2013, checked in during the afternoon, had short tour of hotel followed by afternoon tea.  Checked out Sunday morning following an excellent breakfast. Very comfortable, quiet room, extremely comfortable bed, best night's sleep this year.  Would definitely visit again.  In fact, we are going to in November this year.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent location for theatre breaks,I stayed here for 2 nights for my sons 10th birthday. The room we had was spacious and exceptionally clean. The staff were polite and very helpful. There was a birthday cake in the room for my son that the hotel had arranged at no cost to myself. The only bad point was the pool it's very dated and badly in need of repair.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,£189 for a shoebox room!,"I recently returned from my third stay at this hotel and it is deteriorating rapidly. Have paid £188 for a ""queen deluxe"" room I was hoping for more than a single room with a double bed shoved in the corner. It was so small and the bed was tight up agains the wall making it awkward. The curtains might as well have not been up as they let daylight straight through in the morning. A very disappointing stay and not value for money at all",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
4739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4735-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not a 5 star experience.,Although this hotel is in a great location be very careful what room you are allocated.  We were allocated an attic room on the 8th floor.  It was very very small and very old. There were damp marks on the walls! When I complained I was told the hotel was full and the rooms on that floor had not been renovated.  The standard of the room was 3 star at best.   I feel it is unfair to advertise the hotel as 5 star and allocate one of these rooms.  ,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Simply so special,"Enjoyed a fabulous one stay on my GF's birthday. Booked ahead and informed the hotel of the special occasion and was greeted with monster upgrade and beautiful cake in the room.   Wonderful service for the whole stay plus took full advantage of great spa facilities in the morning. Slightly disappointed to not secure a late checkout, but understandable as they were fully occupied.  Beautifully refurbished environment in perfect location.... Totally recommended and yet another great Hilton",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good but not as good as its reputation.,probably a little dated - and quite dark and gloomy -for me with regard to the lobby and certainly not as luxurious as many much cheaper hotels. My room was so small they had pushed the double bed against one wall so if i had a had a partner one of us would had to climb over the other to get out of bed . Apart from that the room was well decorated and the hotel was OK. I was just a bit disappointed after all the hype over the Waldorf.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Tasteless Afternoon Tea,"Recently took advantage of an offer for afternoon tea and champagne cocktail to the value of £39 per person. Tea was served in the Grand Salon which is a lovely large and comfortable setting. All the staff from being greeted to being seated were extremely pleasant and smiley. My guest and I were shown to our table and promptly served a delicious glass of champagne. We were then asked if we would like tea or coffee from the menu and we both requested Strong  English tea. This was served with extra pot of  water should we want to refill. So far so good. However the tea was truly awful a dishwater colour, no taste, weak and certainly no tea leaves in the strainer. We decided it might be better to ask if we could have an Americano coffee instead. This was ok. I honestly do not know…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Dull,"I have just taken my mum for afternoon tea and I must say it needed help. I would not book there again, so a bit disappointed. When you walked into the hotel there was someone playing the piano but when you go through to the room for afternoon tea it was dark, no atmosphere and no music, quite dull.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
4744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4740-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location but could do a lot better.,"What really struck me was that when we checked in, the 2 rooms we'd booked weren't ready, meaning we had to wait in the bar for an hour until only one of the rooms was. They did apologise and gave us refreshment while waiting, however when we finally got access to the room it surprised us all by being so small. The second room was only marginally bigger. What they called a queen sized bed was actually just two single beds pushed together without any joining between them. We paid £500 for both rooms for a night! Breakfast is standard though nothing special - a bit limited for a 5* hotel. And the staff from front office and housekeeping to food and beverage could do with smiles and more courtesy. Compared with other 5 Star hotels I've stayed in, The Waldorf Hilton could do a lot…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, Fantastic location","Beautiful hotel in a great location. Staff helpful and professional, service was second to none. Spa is a little tired looking and needs a bit of TLC but didn't detract from the overall experience. Good old fashioned luxury in the bar area.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and a great base for museums and galleries,"Nicely furnished room, if not exactly roomy. Comfy bed. Lovely bathroom (but those tiles are cold!). Access to the exec lounge gets you breakfast without a scrum, afternoon tea and early evening nibbles and drinks.  We had food and drink in Good Godfrey's which was excellent. A little pricey, but this is central London.  Access to a full gym and pool is great, but the opening hours aren't great at weekends (not open until 9am, closes by early evening) - presumably because the gym is aimed at city types for during the week.  Some reviews complain about transport - the hotel is no more than 5 minutes' walk to Holborn, Covent Garden or Temple tubes. It took us 45 minutes to get from City Airport to the hotel, and only a little more to Heathrow on our way home. And the location is…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Seem to go backwards with each stay...,"I work in London and live outside so often stay in town when late from work events etc. I've been using the Waldorf as one of the hotels (depending on location of event normally) for a few years and maybe it's the reservation system, late check-in's or whatever, but each stay seems to present me with more billing issues and a smaller room! I'm Hilton Diamond, but the hotel seems to pay little regard to the e-standby upgrades and only on one occasion a decent room upgrade.   I've seen good rooms here, but now a wider selection of relatively small, ""wall view"" ones!   I'll possibly stay again due to convenience (rates permitting and the HHonors breakfast etc), but certainly this is no longer one of my preferred options in town",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We booked via a low cost online booking company and it seems the hotel differentiates between full paying guests and 'budget' guests. When we booked it didn't say we would receive an less superior room but that's what happened, well its either that or the whole hotel is not what you'd expect! In our room the floor was very uneven and creaky, impossible to go to the bathroom in the night without disturbing your partner, the bathroom was tired and the whole room was quite small and just didn't feel 5 star, I would say 3 at best.  We were on the 7th floor which was clearly being redecorated as there as scaffolding, although we never saw anyone working.  We didn't have any curtains at the window despite there being a pelmet and rails with pull cords, we just had a piece of voile. …",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4745-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"ok hotel, not convienant to transportation","This hotel is ok, average rooms for hilton.  The location is close to lots of area restaurants, but not convienant to tube transportation.  Fitness center is part of public fitness center and doesn't open til 6am.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Second addition to my review,"I was wrong for all their promises of a more spacious room we find ourselves in a smaller closet on 1st floor. I have now given up. I will never stay here again gone are all the good feelings towards this place. Five star hotel I think not, this room wouldn't warrant 2 stars I am appalled but I will move on to better hotels in future of which there are many in London. Piece of advice the W is a marvellous hotel with 5 star rooms and service. Another piece of advice don't order off breakfast menu they forget who you are just eat the lukewarm buffet at least you'll get food.  So my initial review stands bad rooms bad service bad hotel and what a shame it used to be my favourite hotel in London.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Return Visit,"Just returned from many visits to this Hotel.  Our first allocated room was newly decorated and very nice but only had a shower, I really wanted a bath as well.  I asked for a room change and within a short time was allocated another room with all our requirements, the room wasn't newly decorated but just as nice. We had problems with our water only being luke warm this was immediately addressed, also after returning from our day out  for a rest  at 3pm our room wasn't made up, this was also sorted out quickly with an apology.  The breakfast was excellent with a great choice of hot and cold buffet.  Although a few minor issues, we love this hotel, its grand and right next door to Convent Garden.  We hope to return later on this year.  All staff are friendly, helpful and…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent room, good  location but no free wi-fi or working in-room phones.","My daughter and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton in March of 2013.  Our room was upgraded upon check-in and we stayed in room 101.  The room was clean, beds firm, and we could control the room temperature. Modern decor in room.  Beautiful bathroom with waterfall  shower, make-up mirror.  A bit drafty but the towel-warmer and Hilton bathrobe and slippers were wonderful. Lockbox in room for your valuables.  Location is good with hop-on/off bus/stops close to hotel.  Expect to do some walking though if you plan to visit parliament square or shop on Oxford street.  Covent garden is minutes away with good shopping and restaraunts.  We had the hotels  full English breakfast and we would skip lunch and eat supper.  We found the staff somewhat reserved except for one cheerful and helpful…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oh how the mighty have fallen,"Once one of my favourite places to study in London, now please heed my advice this is not the Waldorf Hilton this is awful. I am do upset as I sit here in our closet for 2 that all I can say is the only thing that is the same is the price. The cocktails have changed the staff have changed gone is the friendly and helpful doorman and the bar which used to buzz is boring or empty we have stayed one night of three and I want to change hotels I am appalled in every sense of the word.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4750-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"The Homage Room is a lovely location for afternoon Tea.  Grand and spacious.  Service was great with a good selections of teas and coffees.  Sandwiches, scones and cakes were all well presented, fresh and lovely.  The different breads for the sandwiches really compliment the flavours.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5*????? Really????,Took my friends for a surprise meal to finish off a great but very cold day out in London. First impression was absolutely amazing - the grandeur and luxury of exactly what a 5* hotel should look and feel like.  The doorman was friendly and helpful. We were seated to our table and again were suitably impressed with the luxurious surroundings. Staff were friendly but actually more polite than friendly. Food was lovely but you'd expect a little more from a 5* surely....... One of my guests had a bowl of vegetables which were carrots and what we thought were spring onions were actually asparagus ends!!!   The carrots were supposed to be baby carrots but looked more like the two ends of the carrots were cut off and gently friend.  The asparagus were exactly the ends which are…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service remains as poor as ever,"Staying at the hotel again as it is close to the office but once again it has failed to meet the required standard of service. Check went well and nice to the refurbishment has freshened the whole place up, but started to get concerned when the smell of fumes either paint or carpet glue got stronger as I approached my room, struggled past the fire doors with my three bags as they had wet paint stickers on them, past the scaffolding in the stairwell to get to my room. Room was nice but I was not keen on the fume type smell, I rang down to ask to change room to be told there was no painting going on, on this floor! So either they don't know what is going on or just can't be bothered to tidy up after themselves. My room service order was promised within 30 minutes, after an hour I…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but only average hotel","I enjoyed the location of the hotel, quick walk to Leicester Square and Covent Garden as well as down to the Thames. But the hotel itself has its awkward issues: steps which make lugging around your suitcases a nightmare (steps to the lobby, steps in the hallways to the guest rooms), rooms with no separate bathrooms (call me old- fashioned, but I like a door to close between the bedroom and the bathroom, wardrobe which are not high enough to hang up a coat or your trousers, a hair dryer built into the cupboard with your water kettle, so you have to stand in front of it in order to dry your hair, thin walls, and a noisy street in front of the hotel. The food in the hotel bar was mediocre on top of it. The best thing? Free access to a fantastic fitness center, should that be…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely rooms, lousy service.","Stayed here for a Saturday night in February 2013. This is lovely quality hotel is in a great central London location, with very well appointed luxurious rooms. However the majority of the staff are just not up to the expected standard.   It has a gym & leisure area within the hotel, run by a large fitness company, which guests are free to use & the swimming pool there is of a reasonable size along with a sauna & steam room. The location is fantastic, deep in the heart of theatre land, 5 minutes walk from Covent garden, with all the restaurants of that area being easily accessible. Leicester square, maybe a 10 minutes pleasant walk one way, Charring Cross main line & underground station also around 10 minutes walk away also. The Thames & the houses of parliament/Big Ben a little…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4755-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed.,"Precisely what I have some to expect from hotels of this genre.  Very formulaic where staff come across as friendly because it's their job, not because they want to be! I was fortunate enough to be upgraded so the room was nice, thanks Hilton Honors! We also used the meeting facilities and these were a little cramped - we struggled for power sockets!  No particular complaints - rarely do with a Hilton, just lacking a bit of soul / character.  ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, well worth upgrading to an executive suite.","I stayed here for two nights with my husband. The executive king suite was really lovely, lots of space, great big comfy bed and large bathroom. The staff were friendly enough and check in was speedy. We enjoyed breakfast in the executive lounge and pre dinner drinks in there was a nice touch. Can't fault the location, right near covent garden. ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,let down only by its breakfast,"I must confess that the Hilton is not my favourite chain, but the Waldorf is an exception. The staff were extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble, a very rare find in a chain hotel. The rooms were roomy which is not always the case in London and had only reecently been completely refurbished.  My only gripes in not giving it 5 stars is the usual 'dodge the room service debris' at 11.00 at night (why hotels cannot clear the corridors more frequently I do not understand) and a very poor breakfast.   Tinned mushrooms, powdered flower and steamed bacon is really just not acceptable when an establishment is charging £22 per head for breakfast  plus an additional £7.50 if you want something extra such as an omelette or waffles.I would suggest you eat out elsewhere.  It was…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton,We had an excellent stay at this hotel....the staff were very friendly and helpful.  The room was beautiful.....we stayed in an executive suite and excess to the lounge.  The location of the hotel was prime.  Next to the theaters and Convent Gardens.  I highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Loudest, noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in","Thoroughly disappointed in the Waldorf. Staying in room 116, above the loudest nightclub. The room is vibrating with the noise. Rang down twice to complain but all I received was an apology and that the music would stop at 1am. Only an hour and an half listening to the noise left. I will never stay here again and would never recommend to anyone. ",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4760-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Disappointing Room, Great Location","I had always wanted to stay at this hotel, and looked forward to the visit immensely.  It turned out the looking forward was the best bit.  We paid full price for a double room for two nights.  It was cramped and dingy.  The bathroom was nice enough, but rather shabby.  Had I had some bargain deal I might have been less disappointed, but this was really not worth the money.  The fee for wi-fi seemed rather mean on top of the room price.  Breakfast was indifferent.  I would recommend eating outside the hotel if there is a room only option.  Location and frontage is wonderful though and the staff are very polite.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
4765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad place to be,"Visited Waldorf in mid-March 2013.  I read good things about it, but faced lots of areas to complain even though I am Gold member of Hilton chain.  - Rooms not sound-proof.  I was awake 2 hours during the night due to LOUD discussions and singing in the corridor - No water bottle in the room (standard in other Hiltons for gold members).  When going to gym and looking for a fresh bottle of water I was given a warm botlle from the backroom.  Must be stored next to a heater as the bottle was so warm... not very refreshing in the gym.   - Moths flying around in the room do not make a pleasant stay - When checking in as a gold member I was not told about executive lounge (even though it exists).  I assume they select their guests who can use it, and I was not their target customer -…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
4766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fantastic afternoon tea!,"The afternoon tea is absolutely delicious. It all seems to be freshly made in the hotel kitchen every day. The service was excellent and the tea was also very good. I had the chance to get a groupon voucher for this and it made it extremely good value for money. I will definitely be going back for it, voucher or not.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
4767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of London's Grand Hotels,"I was very excited to be coming here, as this Hotel has some wonderful history. There are a number of Hotels in London that simply demonstrate an amazing presence and form part of the historic landscape of the City. In this case, The Waldorf is what makes the Aldwych such a special part of town. It is difficult to imagine this area without such an imposing and grand presence. We arrived at 3pm and were delighted to receive a lovely newly refurbished Twin room on the 6th floor. All members of staff were wonderful and were very accommodating to our needs.  The room itself was very spacious and was nice and quiet. The Hotel has obviously taken the need to upgrade its facilities very seriously and has done a great job with its rooms.  Location wise, you are slap bang in the middle…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed, this hotel used to be so chic","Its lost its edge now that its a Hilton, it used to be amazing with daily afternoon teas and amazing service, now its average and very expensive for what you get. There are better places nearby.  Its is sad because this was one of the Icon hotels in London not so long ago",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4765-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Trade up and get the benefit,"I was travelling  to London for a night at the Opera (La Boheme) and decided to stay at the Waldorf because it is only round the corner to the Royal Opera House.   It so happened that the Waldorf had  a special offer for upgrading Room to a Suite. I  decided to splash out and book the suite. What a good decision that turned out to be ! This Hotel is 5 star in any case, but the upgrade makes a huge difference.   Lounge, bathroom and Bedroom - all of excellent standard, which, added to the Opera, ,made for a very special trip to London.   Highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf hilton,"Very nice hotel but the rooms could be better. The heated towel rail did not work in the bathroom and the light fitting in the room although very ornate had a couple of the shades missing. The hotel was busy the weekend we stayed so we did get the bonus of the palm court being opened up to accomodate everyone for breakfast, which really is a beautiful room. The use of the fitness centre is a bonus but the pool was cold on the day that we were there!",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exceptional service by very friendly staff.,The Hotel is SO convenient for Covent Garden and the theatres around.  Every member of staff made our stay special.  The quality of both dinner and breakfast was excellent.  Access around the hotel is very good due to the wheelchair lift in the lobby.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,exellent!,"I stayed here for three nights on business with 19 other people in our party,I live in hotels 5 days per week and have done for 5 years,This was by far the best experience i have had, I think the staff are a credit to the company, They could not have done enough,And everybody in my party agreed,The rooms are very clean and have everthing that you need,I would not hesitate to book this hotel again if i stay in london as this is also in a fantastic location, THANKYOU SO MUCH.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Beautiful Building but staff could be better!","Stayed here recenty for just one night and although the hotel is in a great location, i was left a little dissapointed. The room was not very big but comfortable for one night and the bathroom was showing signs of needing attention. It actually looked very dated and was not expecting to see this at the Waldorf.  Check in staff were ok but were not over friendly - checked us in and told us the room number but gave no directions on how to get to room etc. They seemed more interested in just chatting to each other.  The breakfast room was fantasic but again i felt let down with the breakfast and have had far nicer in other hotels. Yes there is a good choice but the cooked section needs a re-think! For the amount of people passing, everyone was in each others way and you could not…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4770-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location for theatres,"I had paid for a room to be ready for my early morning arrival from North America. It was but it was a very small ""recently upgraded"" room on the 1st floor overlooking a series of vents and airconditioners on a courtyard. The painters were still busy in that arae of the hotel and I could smell fesh paint. I was told the hotel was full and this was all that was available. I got moved to a better room by about noon....... The staff were courteous and as helpful as they could be. The new room (also renovated) was comfortable.  I used the Executive Lounge for working during the day. Quiet and comfortable with free coffee and soft drinks. (Free alcohol from about 6pm till 9.)",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatres and Covent Garden,"We stayed at the Waldorf for one night , we chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Novello Theatre . It's next door!! On arrival, the reception was welcoming and we were checked in very quickly . We were given a room on the 7th floor and to be honest it was a bit small, I appreciate that it's a old building and would make allowances but if we were staying longer than one night I would have asked for a move. The safe didn't work and one of the fluorescent tubes in the bedside light was annoying flashing Again, given the fact that we were only in the room for a few hours I didn't feel it was worth the time to complain But for a Hilton this was below par. On a positive point , the staff were brilliant throughout , as is always the case at this chain Late drink in the…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location - beautiful building,"Booked for a surprise, romantic weekend as special treat for special occasion - exceptional location in the heart of Theatreland and the lovely Covent Garden around the corner. Everything great except for our standard room (could not stretch to the more superior) which was pokey, bland interior and more like 3* accommodation. Maybe my expectations were too high but next time I would rather opt for a more comfortable, luxurious room in a lesser establishment in the area - not value for money.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but they have to learn about service,"We stayed a view times at this hotel and we always get a nice upgrade as a Hilton Honors Diamond Vip. A week ago I send a email to the hotel if they have a room available for us for two nights with a free upgrade to an executive room. They told us that all the executive rooms were fully booked, that's strange, it was possible to book that room on Hilton.com.  It was possible to book a deluxe room, we don't want that room because all the standard and  deluxe rooms at the Waldof faces a wall or no view at all, they are also very small.  The executive floor manager told us when we had her on the phone that two of her collegues from reservations would take care of our reservation and told me that they would do there best to give us a nice room and rate I send a email to one of the…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
4778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel to stay in if in london,Lovely aura close to theatre land. Staff exceptional!!!!!!!! They could not been more helpful or cheerful. Would go again may be for pleasure next time. Valet parking was so useful £49.OO a night but worth it.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4775-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel,Location perfect round the corner lots of restaurants and bars with tube and covent garden 5 mins walk what a lovely building We were upgraded with use of the executive lounge - lovely bonus Drank in the bar which was very busy but pleasant All the staff couldn't be helpful enough our room was small but everything we needed. I have often found London hotels appear to have smaller bedrooms than the rest of the country! We didn't realise we had left the light on indicating we didn't want to be disturbed when we were in fact out! We phoned housekeeping at 5 pm and asked  them if we could just have clean towels but when we went back to room later the room had been cleaned. You don't get that sort of service very often All in all a great 2 night stay and would recommend and…,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Like it Was....,"I booked a 'special weekend' for my wife and I to go to London to see a show (Top Hat) at the Aldwich theatre. I chose the Waldorf as it is next door to the Theatre and therefore thought 'blow it' it is expensive but the experience will be wonderful. Crikey, what a mistakle that was. The Waldorf was once a refined, historic residence where 'Customer Care' was paramount. The expected experience was anything but that. Firstly, the whole entrance foyer area is now used as a 'Drop In Bar' for all to venture in and have a beer or wine at their leisure....nothing wrong with that really except that if you have paid a serious amount of money for a room, the expectation would be that you ought to be able to get a seat and be served in the Bar Area for a small tipple, with ease and…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Pricey, but always worth it!","I have been to this property many times and have always loved it.  we had family visiting so booked two suites.  Check-in was swift and very friendly however we arrived at about 13:00 and our rooms were not ready... fair enough as check in time is 15:00 but we were welcomed into the Executive lounge (I am a Diamond member) to have a drink/snack and relax with the paper until the rooms were ready which was in 30-45 minutes when our keys were brought to us and we were told we could go to our rooms.  There is no doubt that the rooms that have not yet been refurbished are showing a bit of wear, but I stress only a bit.  The suite was spacious, well appointed, and very comfortable. Our luggage was brought up within minutes of arriving at the room.  The location is perfect, right in…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Only ""ok""","This is a tough one. As much as the location was fantastic and the exterior architecturally aesthetic, I was a bit disappointed by the hotel itself. I was travelling with a large group of colleagues and we had booked about 3 weeks in advance. The evening we arrived, it was very busy, and it took them 10 minutes to find a room in the computer for myself and some of my other colleagues. At one point after about 5 minutes of searching, the receptionist asked me if I wouldn't mind a smoking room (yes, I did mind) so another 5 minutes later I was given my room key.  I have stayed in quite a few Hilton hotels and the rooms are usually relatively spacious... this was was TINY! An absolute shoebox. It wasn't something that was overly bothersome since I was only in the room to sleep,…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All you could wish for & more,"We booked 2 nights for ourselves & daughter with fiance....we were celebrating my retirement & their engagement prior to going to Paris.We were upgraded when we checked in with use of the executive lounge....what a bonus, the staff are so helpful & the lovely food & drinks available were all high end.We also had a champagne meal in the Homage restaurant which again we felt thoroughly spoilt with the splendid service. Our rooms were top notch with,use of pool & spa facilities  giving instant relaxation factor.Finally of course the location is perfection itself West End & Covent Garden so near. Thankyou Waldorf I have dreamt of staying at this hotel & it really lived up to expectation.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4780-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,overpriced & poor staff,"I was drawn in by the name, do not be. Its clean enough, and all the elements in the room functioned, but the room was tiny, all the floorboards creaked, because of the design the TV was mounted on a wall at an angle from the bed, which made it difficult to watch from the bed. The room was simply tiny. As for the staff, they mostly sounded Eastern European, and were unable to deliver true customer service. When challenged on the cost of something or the speed of service, none were able to go beyond the standard training answers. Conversation was impossible, and negotiation or reasoning was impossible. I was left in the totally overpriced breakfast room after being seated for a good five minutes and was not attended to, yet the place was almost empty. I had to intercept one of…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for Covent Garden and main theatres,"Must admit having had good stays at other Hilton brands such as Conrad and Waldorf in the US, i did find this hotel to be a little disappointing, certainly not 5 star in regards to service levels and the overall experience felt very average. That said staff are pleasant, but don't seem to go that extra step in making the stay a memorable one. Rooms are on the small side and whilst this is an old hotel they have been refurbished in a contemporary style, which gives an odd feel to the stay, that said it was comfortable and ok for a 2 night stay. The bathrooms are large, but sparse on courtesy items  (standard hilton items). The maid service was slow, we got back to our room at 4pm after a day out and the room had not been serviced.  So, whilst it has to be said its in a great…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Took my Mum here for her 80th birthday. The staff were just great, they couldnt do enough to please. The chef made some beautiful cakes for her, we didnt know whether to eat them of just photograph them they were that beautifully presented, as were all the meals, they tasted simply delicious. I cant praise this hotel and staff enough for making it a birthday she, and the rest of the family will never forget. Thank you all.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,"My son arranged a stay here for my birthday, with tickets to The Lion King as well! It is a fantastic location easy to walk to Covent Garden and across to the London Eye and many other tourist attractions. Staff were very courteous and attentive, the room was amazing ( upgraded to executive!) fabulous breakfast in lovely setting. A great place to stay!",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hotel London - Great Experinece,"This Hotel execeeded my expectations. It procvided a great first experience in London for my family. Thew staff, accomodations, and facility were outstanding after the recent renovation. The proximity to london sites and restaurants allowed us efficeint us of the Tube. We could walk to many sites on our list.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4785-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Stay,"Fantastic location and wonderful service. Despite some refurbishment going on, the stay was excellent, very comfortable rooms, facilities and great breakfasts. Location proximity to theatres , Covent Garden and the Embankment make such an obvious choice.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,So much fun!,"I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we had the most amazing suite.  Its such a wonderful hotel, it definitely has the wow factor and the location speaks for itself.  The staff were really welcoming and helpful.  The only drawback was at breakfast where we had to wait in line for half an hour - but I think there was a big wedding on the night before .",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good service but the property is a bit disappointing,"The positive good location if you want to stay close the theaters and other attractions (the downside being that the area feels quite touristy with a lot of mediocre restaurants catering for the theater visitors, on the recommendation of the hotel I tried a sushi restaurant on the side of street of the hotel which was outright bad). The service was professional, as you would expect for the Waldorf brand. There is a full size LA Fitness gym in the property which good especially if you are used to the hotel gym being two treadmills in the basement...  The negative: I have stayed at other Waldorf hotels and this property feels a bit dated both in respect of interior and layout and without the usual Waldorf charm. I was upgraded to a room on the executive floor which was large by…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Waldorf!,"Myself & my husband stayed at the Waldorf for one night last weekend,greeted by a very welcoming lady at reception,great guest room spotless furnished to a high standard,breakfast-so much to choose from,very tasty,lovely.All staff we came in contact with were helpful,cheerful.Very enjoyable stay.The only criticism we had was that the outside of the hotel wasn't welcoming,really needs a good clean,but as soon as you go through the front doors,so welcoming.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
4793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in great location,"We stayed there for a weekend at the end of February. We had a lovely large modern room, furnished to a high standard and with access to the Executive Suite there was food and drink on tap. My only criticism was that the breakfast was only luke warm.  This hotel has a great location but stay out of the paying bar, £17.50 for a G&T and a small beer!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4790-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Really good dinner,"I walked in from the street last Sunday evening on the off-chance to see if they could fit a single diner in and was made most welcome, even though iIwas casually dressed. A fantastic dinner: tian of crab; sea bream; and a chocolate dessert. The service was excellent and the meal was reasonably priced - just under £100 including 2 glasses of wine and coffee. There was a good 'buzz' as the restaurant was, understandably,fairly full. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
4795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Hanging on to its grandeur, let down by slipping standards.","We have stayed at the Waldorf for five consecutive years and have experienced both executive and not so executive rooms. Hilton Waldorf need to learn that they cannot rest on their location alone. Our experience this time was let down by annoying, laughable things: no newspaper on the day we wanted one, a newspaper delivered on the day we didn't order one. Afternoon tea was per-booked on the Friday at 4pm, but when we arrived after a long journey, we were told that we were not booked in! Waldorf staff apologised and we had our afternoon tea, but we were subjected to staff moving tables and dropping chairs during  ""our special"" afternoon tea. This may be acceptable in a motorway service station, but not a premier London hotel. And finally, we arrived for breakfast on our last…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
4796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't bother,We went to this restaurant with high expectations and was very disappointed! The service was very poor and the food was very sub-standard. Two of us ordered a cheese board for desert and we received four manky grapes and three pieces of rubber cheese!! I actually think it looked like something you would buy from a service station. Not good!!!!!!!  ,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs Work,"Generally an ok hotel that does not match its price or attempted stature. I arrived from the USA on Sunday morning hoping to get in early but the front desk held steady to a 3pm check-in (I am a Hilton Honors member with some status, albeit not diamond, as they reminded me when they would not allow entry to the executive area to work while I waited). I went to freshen up in the bathroom towards breakfast only to find the paper towels empty. I had a nice hotel breakfast and checked back at 11am about an early check-in but to a stubborn response. After another 3 hours later a colleague arrived and was immediately given a room!  My complaint led to a room, which had a heater with a very loud old fan, non-working telephone, and a shower handle that came off in my hand.   Generally…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,it could have been so much better,"By going for trendy room design they seem to forget we like draws to put things in, lights that we can see things by and shower curtains that reach the floor so the floor doesn't flood.  The room struck me as form rather than function - if it looked trendy then it must be OK!  We love the location and the executive lounge, that made the stay for us.  After staying there for several years for an annual treat we have decided it's time for a change.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4795-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Communication with hotel very hard,"Being a Diamond Hilton Honours member I booked a King Hilton Executive Plus room at a great rate.  I was arriving late so needed to contact the hotel to inform them of this so they did not think I was a no show.  You cannot contact the hotel directly via email.  The email goes to a central area and then you receive a response.  Unfortunately, the person who received my first email really did not understand what I was on about which meant another email.  The response was that they would forward the email to the hotel which made me feel a little nervous.  When arriving the room I booked was not available and I was put into a lesser room for the night.  They did reimburse me a value that was twice what was normally offered plus a free bottle of wine was delivered to my room.  Apart…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Doesn't live up to its name I'm afraid,"Having stayed in the New York Waldorf, we were really looking forward to our stay at the London version. The hotel is undergoing some refurb at the moment but I have to say the quality is not in the same league as the likes of the Savoy & Corinthian, admittedly the room price via late rooms was a fair bit less than them as well. Location for theatre is spot on. The bar was nice but very expensive for cocktails(over £40 for 3). Def wouldn't rush back.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Homage Restaurant,"I bought a three course dinner voucher for this restaurant couple of months ago and visited last night. Everything was from the set menu. Before the starter they served very nice and warm bread with some butter anddd we liked the bread a lot so they brought some more :) We both had the bruschetta starter with some artichoke, tomato and rocket salad. As a main we both had the lamb with some potatoes. Everything was delicious. Definitely worth to visit. The only bad thing was about small size desert when you compare with other courses.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"We wanted to stay near to all the attractions of Covent Garden and this hotel fitted the bill nicely. Our check in was very quick and the receptionist very welcoming. Our Room was warm, spacious and had everything we needed and we really enjoyed the pool. We had a lovely breakfast with plenty of choice before we went out for the day. The reception, was again,very eager to help and I was given a map which also gave us 20% off in certain restaurants . We found this very handy. Although this hotel is pricey its well worth it to be looked after and pampered for a treat.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classy hotel with the best location in London,"I have stayed at this hotel many times, with family for 5 days during the Olympics in August as well as on numerous business trips, usually for a night or two. It is always very consistent, giving an air of class even though the rooms are on the small side for the price compared with other hotels in this category. Its location is difficult to beat though, whether you are looking for easy access to the city for business or wanting access to covent garden for shopping or restaurants or the west end for the theatre, all of which are just a few minutes walk away. The food is always good and the service is in keeping with a 5 star hotel from the moment you are greeted at the door by the head doormen",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4800-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Something of a let down....,"The room was surprisingly small for £216 per night, but it was comfortable enough. A desperate lack of power sockets in the room for charging phones and plugging in the laptop, but the biggest shock came when I tried to iron a shirt. The in-room ironing board was positively dangerous, as it would collapse without warning, which is not to what you expect when you are using a hot iron. The one available UK power socket had a loose faceplate which didn't exude quality either. Raised issue at reception but while they promised to do something, didn't feel it appropriate to offer an apology.   Met some business contacts in the bar, but the staff were fairly sullen and didn't make anyone feel particularly welcome. Waiter service was mandatory (they would not allow you to order anything…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, good experience","We arrived very early morning after a 13 hour flight from Singapore. Unlike most Waldorf guests, we arrived Covent Garden via Piccadilly Line underground from LHR. There are steps to the main elevator at Covent Garden but nothing we couldn't navigate with all our luggage. From Covent Garden stop, it is an easy walk along mostly pedestrian areas to the Waldorf Hilton, skirting the Opera House & Covent Gardens Complex. Covent Garden area with theaters, restaurants, market, shops, etc. is a really wonderful location! As walkers, we can get to just about any where from here.   Our room was not ready for occupancy at 7:30 a.m  but we were able to check in before noon. All the staff was very helpful & friendly in all ways. This included luggage storage, printing boarding passes,…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing considering the name and price,"There's internal work going on at the moment so we were woken up early by hammering and banging noises. Admittedly they moved us to another room when asked but why put people on the third floor at all if they have space elsewhere? Moved to the 8th floor (lift only goes to 7, but didn't matter to us) where we couldn't hear it thankfully. The second room was pretty cold, even with the aircon turned off, although it was exceptionally cold that weekend. No free wifi seemed very mean; it's something like £16 a day if you want to pay.  The TV movie selection didn't work - it accepted the code but then didn't play the film - however at least we weren't charged. The large TV screen kind of dominates the room, by being placed right opposite the bed. The internal decor overall was pretty…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"3rd time at the Waldorf Hilton, great hotel! Will be back next year!","My wife and I try to visit london once a year to do some shopping, sightseeing and maybe watch a show.  The last 3 visits we have stayed at the Waldorf Hilton. It is relatively expensive compared to other hotels but it is in a great area right next to covent garden and as we only visit once a year we like to treat ourselves.  The rooms are great and the service at reception/concierge is polite, friendly and helpful. The only negative from this visit is the service at the bar. They take your orders at the table. It takes a while to get someone's attention. I went up to the bar myself and was told that someone would come to my table, this still took some time. Once ordered you have to wait several minutes to receive your drink. Probably took about 25-30mins to get a coffee. It was…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not so grand,"I suppose the name ""Waldorf"" sets this hotel up for a fall.  It consists of a series of old buildings linked together, which is hard on a hotel as the rooms are often differing in size and orientation.  We had booked a Queen Deluxe room at a fairly steep rate of £203 per night with no breakfast in February!  Frankly, when we walked into the room, I was underwhelmed.  We had a corner room - no, not a double aspect, large room but a ""round the corner"" room with view of wall.  Not at all what I expected.  This was my birthday treat and I had been looking forward to this hotel since before Christmas!  Straight on the phone to Reception, who sensibly immediately put me in touch with the Customer Services Manager.  Frankly, people who work in hotels rarely stay in these hotels and I…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4805-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great base,This was my first stay at this hotel and i was very impressed.The room was perfect and the staff were very friendly and courteous.The positioning and price  tariff for this hotel makes it a bargain.Did not eat here so cannot comment .Will return,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A nice place to stay for business.,"The hotel was average in terms of room and service quality but there was a sense of friendliness. The location was in the heart of Covent Garden which was great for everything: theater, shopping, and dining. I don't think I would stay here with my family, but the next time I come to London, either for another College of Surgeons activity, or for a theater/opera performance, I know that Waldorf Hilton is a nice place to stay.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great value for this location,"The hotel's location in Covent Garden is it's distinct advantage followed closely (for me) by the fact that it has access to an excellent gym. The room was comfortable, spacious and well maintained and the staff are friendly and helpful. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was fine, not exceptional, and drinks in the bar which does get very crowded especially pre-theatre and it isn't very big to start with. All in all it was a pleasant surprise and would definitely go back.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous hotel, amazing location, superb staff","Stayed here midweek in January for two lovely nights.  The hotel is in a brilliant location in the heart of theatre land. It is very grand from the outside and as you walk in, you get a real feeling of the building's history and can imagine it in its roaring twenties heyday!  We were in an executive room which was a good size, especially for London, with all the amenities you would expect. I didn't use the pool etc, but had a sneaky look and if I'd had more time, I definitely would have.  We used Hilton points for our stay and had the use of the Executive Lounge. This was amazing! Full breakfast in the morning, afternoon tea, and drinks and canapés in the evening - it is worth upgrading to executive just for this, it will save you a fortune in London.  The best thing about this…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea treat,"I took my friend here for afternoon tea as a birthday treat. We got a good deal - 2 for the price of one via TravelZoo.  The dining room was rather grand and large with huge ceiling. The tea began with a glass of fizz and then proceed onto tea with sandwiches, scones and cakes served on a cake stand to the table. I was starving but was in the end could not finish the cakes! We were able to stay sitting chatting and eating until we were kicked out at 6pm!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4810-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"Very disappointing, very small room, cold made even worse by tiled floors View not very nice! Hotel being refurbished very strong paint smell everywhere Metal cups in room - is this an institution? Will never stay here again, definitely living on past reputation",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location but more Hilton than Waldorf.,We stayed here booked by my partner for 2 nights for a birthday treat. I was absolutely thrilled to be going to the Waldorf. And whilst we had had a fabulous time here I'd say that was due to the hotels location rather then the hotel itself. Little things let it down. I found a layer of dust in the wardrobe which I marked clearly for the cleaner to see but she ignored it and dust along the skirting boards and edges of the carpet. Bathroom is beautiful but the heated towel rail didn't work. On the plus side the bed was really comfortable and we slept perfectly. The hotel is great but not the grand experience I had expected from the Waldorf and so I wouldn't come back. Definitely more Hilton than Waldorf so that's where you need to set your expectations.  However the location is…,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The best part of this hotel is its great location and the building is nice. We had problems with room service over charging us and were given a room over looking the rooms. It was expensive for the average service and issues we encountered.  You are paying for location, location location!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
4817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class friendly service,"My husband surprised me with two nights here for a big birthday treat.  Everything was just fabulous.  Comfy bed, great breakfast, superb service and the location was perfect for theatre, shopping, and dining.  Despite being in the heart of things the hotel has a calm welcoming air, and everyone made you feel very welcome.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Housekeeping issues,"A great location in the middle of theater district. This is a good Hotel but not a five star, rather a 4+. As a Diamond HH member, I usually get an early checkin. Counting I will get it here too, I was surpised to be directed to the lounge and had to wait there until 3.30 pm until the room was ready. There seem to be an issue with housekeeping. The rooms are by London standard big and all the amenities you can expect was there. The hotel is a little old and the design elements are of a mixed characted. Efficient chechin/checkout and helpful staff.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4815-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not punctual!,"Stayed one night at the Waldorf.  Arrived at 2.50pm.  Receptionist said that room not ready but would be by 3pm.  We were taken to the executive suite, and found other people also waiting for their rooms! In all about 40 minutes wait.  This doesn't seem a lot but their terms and conditions clearly state check in will be by 3pm.  When we pursued this we were told that they had had unexpected late check outs.  That may be the case but the knock on effect is late check ins!!!! Apart from that a very nice stay to a high standard.  However, when paying their prices you expect everything to be perfect. Also our toilet seat (room528) was very flimsy - akin to one from B and Q only a small point but I expected better!!!!!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay.,We stayed 1 night for my wife's Birthday and found the whole experience fantastic. We used out HHonors points and upgraded to an executive suite which was well worth it. All the staff we meet were great and very helpful.  The location of the hotel is great near many theatres and Covent Garden.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awful Afternoon Tea,"My family visited the hotel for afternoon tea on 20th February but it proved to be a huge disappointment. The service was almost non-existant; there was a very long wait from being shown to a table until being provided with a menu and when the tea came we were totally ignored for the rest of the afternoon, to the extent that we couldn't even get the bill when we had finished. The food comprised some reasonable sandwiches, small scones and tiny cakes and although the selection of teas to drink was very good my wife and I had to share one pot (as opposed to the individual pots the other guests received) as we had both ordered the same type of tea. We would have queried this but we were unable to get hold of anyone to talk to. The final insult came when we did finally pay the bill…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average experience","Spent two nights at the Waldorf Hilton in February 2013. After arriving and them not having information about my reservation it did not get of to a great start. The room was very small (what do you expect for £230! a night) and there was no additional bed for our son. Quite how they got the additional bed in the room was a miracle.  The location was superb as we were going to see 'Shrek the Musical' and the staff were on the whole very pleasant and helpful.  Breakfast was pricey at £22 a head. This felt worse when it was an additional £8 to order something from the menu. However, the room was beautiful.  I guess my review is tainted as I expected true 5* and I guess in the main you are paying for the location.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great Location,"Celebrating our wedding anniversary we looked for somewhere special. Being fortunate enought to have accrued enough Hilton Honors points we decided to stay at one of Hilton's luxury 5 star hotels.  I should say that the location is superb. The Aldwych is in the Covent Garden area and surrounded by great restaurants, shops and theatres. The hotel's exterior, flanked by 2 theatres is very impressive. Once through the door (no doorman in site) we carried our bags into the small lobby. The bar area had a lovely live pianist but was somewhat overshadowed by being full of people sat with their luggage presumably awaiting transport.  The welcome from the desk could not have been warmer and although our room was not ready we were assured our bags could be left with the concierge who…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4820-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A trip to the theatre,"This hotel is ideally situated for visiting London's theatreland. Drury Lane is only a step away and Covent Garden 3 mins walk. It is a central London hotel; so the rooms are adequate size and the prices comensurate. Our room was big enough for our short stay, clean and at the back of the hotel so a bit quieter. We didn't eat in the hotel but there are loads of nice restaurants and cafes really close so it easy to find a reasonably priced breakfast close by. We did have a cocktail (once I had applied for a new mortgage!) and it was very nice. Principally, I think that for British visitors this hotel is an ideal dormitory for visiting a show and everything you need other than a nice bedroom and descent bath/shower room is very close by.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Should be an above average hotel, and wasn't","We arrived for a short rip to London. The hotel looked good at first.  We were shown to our room and the first thing noted was a tile panel missing under the sink. So yucould see ALL of the plumbing.  For a 5 ta hotel this is unsat. We pais for a nicer room, but the hotel was booked and the front desk never took care of the issue once presented to them.  We waited in a line for 25 minutes to be seated for breakfast and after being seated another 20 minutes to order breakfast. If I am paying $1200 for two nights in a hotel I expect more.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"With impeccable service and attention to you as  guest, I would highly recommend a  stay here.","We stayed in an executive room with access to the executive lounge. I cannot praise enough the attention to detail of the staff and their care for us as a guest, we basically did not have to lift a finger. Our turn down service was organised whilst we were out dining.  On exiting the hotel the taxi was called for us and on leaving the concierge arranged our transport. I would certainly recommend you stay in the executive suites and treat yourself.   The pool decor and cleanliness is the only thing that let this down, but I guess this is what happens when LA Fitness run the facility.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea,"Enjoyed a lovely afternoon for my daughters 16th birthday.  Wonderful atmosphere with a pianist playing  in the corner. Good service,relaxed and welcoming and a yummy tea served with Champagne or Orange juice.  Would highly recommend :)",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very nice. perfect location!!,"Stayed here for 4 nights last summer.This hotel is in a PERFECT location. walking distance to Covent Garden and Trafalgar square, and close to lots of theaters and things. Rooms were nice but could use more decor. The lobby and breakfast areas were beautiful though! Great executive lounge and service. Beautiful hotel overall.  I would definitely recommend, especially for the location.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
4829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4825-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"We had an overnight stay at the Waldorf as we were visiting a nearby theatre. What a disappointment. The room was extremely small and cramped to the point that the bed was against a wall meaning one of us couldn't get in or out of bed without climbing over the other.  The room was also very tired and more worryingly dirty. Two of the pillows were dirty, When we went out for the evening we pointed this out at reception where they were very apologetic and even offered us a complimentary bottle of wine, when we returned not surprisingly the pillows still hadn't been changed and certainly no sign of any wine.  I know this is central London but the £200+ price was way above the service standards offered, a premier inn offers better value and service, Certainly not worthy of a repeat…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Doesn't live up to it's 5* Rating,"Upon arrival nobody offered to help with our luggage, the lift ip to our room was bizzare as for every 2 floors it went up it would go one down. We stayed in a standard smoking room on the 7th Floor and it was in desperate need of refurbishment. We went down to reception to ask if we could pay extra to upgrade to a better room and were told the hotel was full so we couldn't. I have stayed in much better 4* hotels than this. ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely hotel in a brilliant location,"We stayed here for four nights and thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.  We were upgraded to an executive room, which was spacious, extremely comfortable and beautifully furnished.  The bathroom was large and immaculate, with a fabulous shower.  Breakfast in the dining room was delicious and a great experience.  We also had access to the Executive Lounge, with all the usual benefits - breakfast, snacks at lunchtime and in the evening, afternoon tea etc. all freely available, and of course free alcohol in the evening.  This lounge is very comfortable - in fact it's one of the nicest Exec. Lounges we've ever used.  The staff throughout the hotel could not have been nicer or more helpful - a real credit to the Hilton organisation.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible Afternoon Tea,"I bought a voucher from Travelzoo, for afternoon tea for two with a champagne cocktail for two people. So my partner and I decided to redeem our offer last Sunday. Our booking was for 3:30pm and we weren’t seated till 4:15. As soon as we got there we weren’t given the cocktail menu, instead we were asked what fruit we liked. We opted for strawberry. We were bought a strawberry coloured fizzy drink which tasted vile! Then we were given the tea menu which was very limited, only four choices. We asked about a few of them and the waitress didn’t have a clue so we opted for the English as it seemed as the safest option! We were then bought our whole tier with four different sandwiches (egg and mayo, smoked salmon, cucumber and ham) two scones (raisin and plain) and four minuet…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
4833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A joy to return,"Second theatre stay at The Waldorf which continues to be a magnificent 5 star hotel.  At check-in we were asked what sort of roo we wanted, so just said quiet with double bed and had a lovely room on 6th floor overlooking Tavistock Street, home of the lovely COTE bistro (see review).  Breakfast as ever is wonderful here, ask to be seated in the big lounge you are not directed to a tabkle in there.  Outstanding service and if we go to London I wouldn't stay anywhere else. Booked through Hotels.com who were excellent and had great value.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4830-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Our 2nd stay, just as perfect as the first.","My partner and I stayed here for our 2nd anniversary earlier in feb this year and had another perfect stay! It was our second time staying at this hotel, the first was for my partner's birthday and we enjoyed ourselves so much we decided to celebrate another very special occasion with this hotel.... Which is something we have never done before. You could not pick a better location - the hotel is located within a 5 minute walk to covent garden station, 10 minutes to leicester square with many theatres around the hotel and the river thames literally just across the road. On arrival we were told our room had been upgraded, and we had a cake waiting for us in the room with 'happy anniversary' written in chocolate and also a bottle of wine... All on the house. We had dinner for the…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Jolly Good Show,"Well done the Waldorf, great afternoon teawith superb prawn and smoke salmon sandwiches and chefs homemade caked just like mother makes, excellent service with a smile and a superb relaxed evening with the correct level of background music. Well done chaps and chapesses",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and good dirty martinis,"I stayed here over NYE and the location was fantastic. Went to the hotel bar a few times, which is well appointed - this was the only place I could get an actual dirty martini! The bathroom in the room was larger than I expected and the room was fine, a decent size.  I loved how close the hotel was to Covent Garden and it was easy to get to all the tourist spots,which was all I was really worried about. The service was fine and the concierge helped us book a nice dinner and help us with the tour information. I am somewhat of a hotel snob and I thought this hotel was good for the money and location.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst afternoon tea,"Don't waste your money going to this hotel for the Sunday afternoon tea dance.  £49.50 per person for very poor service, treacle warm coffee and needing to remind staff constantly as they never came back when you asked for something.  My husband & I don't like smoked salmon or prawns so asked for ham, chicken, cheese or tuna.  Sandwiches given were tomato & cream cheese, ham & mustard, egg & mayo and cucumber.  The scones were hard and undercooked and the cake selection was one mini choc brownie, one mini choc eclair with some caramel coloured topping, one mini lemon meringue and one mini ginger/carrot?? shaped loaf! The band were good and you could have a dance but for the price I would take my business elsewhere.  A total waste of money.  The Waldorf really need to buck thier…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
4838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced hotel with dreadful service, in a good location","Stayed here just after New Year 2013.  The location of the hotel could not be better, only a short walk from Covent Garden and a number of tube stations serving different lines.  I didn't expect this to be a cheap stay, but for what I paid, I expected a lot more.  I upgraded to an executive room, but despite my Hilton Gold status which should entitle me to a free upgrade to the next room level, I was charged quite a hefty sum for this privilege.  Still, I thought the upgrade would be worth it for the access to the Executive lounge.  The room was extremely disappointing - cramped and absolutely no view whatsoever, only looking out onto back walls.  I understand that in a busy city hotel, some rooms will suffer from a lack of view, but I thought an executive room may be better…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
4839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4835-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and upmarket hotel,"We stayed for one night (free with our Hilton Honours points) while we were attending a book launch in Foyles bookshop. The location was perfect for us as we could walk to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Foyles in Charing Cross Rd. The hotel was comfortable and stylish as one would expect. The doorman took our luggage as we arrived and then it didn't come to our room despite 2 phone calls. My husband finally went down to reception to discover the luggage was missing! It turned up in a cupboard and we were rather cross but then the hotel gave us a lovely box of chocolates and a bottle of good wine so all was forgiven. I would certainly stay here again if we could afford it.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,"Enjoyed a short stay at the waldorf last summer and was well surprised by the quality of the room and huge bathroom. Perfect location for the West End, a quick stroll from Covent Garden. Will use again.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
4841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton Fantastic Hotel,"Excellent hotel and a  great location. The staff are fantastic and very helpful with nothing too much trouble. We will always use this hotel in future if we are staying in the London area as it's perfect for tube stations and only 10 minutes cab ride to Liverpool street station. Cannot recommend this hotel enough and was our second stay in the last two months, going back in May/April.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed there for a conference recently. It is a nice hotel and it is very well located on the Aldwich, next to Covent Garden. You could say it is like most Hiltons, it has everything you need but it is not overly luxurious. You can see that even though it seems to have been remodeled fairly recently that the core of the building is very old so you get noisy plumbing, etc My room was larger than you typical European hotel room and very nicely furnished though as other reviewers have noted, rooms are quite dark and have pretty poor lighting. Ordered room service once and it was quite decent. Concierge service was good as well.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
4843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great short stay and well appointed,"Just one night spent on business, arrived around 9AM tired and was greeted very well and checked in efficiently (fast check-in is a great thing about all Hilton franchises in general). I was upgraded to an Exec room on the 2nd floor and that was lovely - very large bathroom / wetroom, work area, bed etc - loads of space. Also lots of handy lights so could get things just right. Didn't eat there this time but a really comfortable night, and was able to gradually get myself going again in morning - but didn't really want to leave the room! Overall the decor was ""traditional"" but modern at the same time, and really well maintained - only minor gripe was not much wardrobe space, and the hanger bar was quite low - so with a full length coat that dragged on the floor a bit.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4840-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Service not so good,"Stayed here for business and even though they are renovating the rooms already look worn. They have chosen a white theme, but the way they have designed the bathroom allows water to go everywhere, even if you are ultra careful. The towel holder on the door will not hold the towels and they fall to the floor.  The location is OK and tube is 5 minutes away.  Got caught making a call to BA for a flight delay to JFK which cost $70 as I assumed it was local and it was classed as long distance. They just shrugged their shoulders and did not care. Phones calls in hotels are in the same realm as bank fees, insidious and a rip off.  At one stage I ended up in the construction section of the hotel as they do no sign post the areas that are not to be entered. I did find a A4 typed notice…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth the splurge,"Good location, but not convenient for saving money on the tube from the airport. Lots of theaters and shopping nearby, oldest pub in London just down the street. Excellent staff, all very helpful and friendly. Rooms super clean and tastefully decorated. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
4846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Improved since last visit,"We liked it here the previous time, though the room was a little shabby and in need of refurb then. This time we were on a 2 night escape as a distraction - our daughter had just departed on a 6 month journey around Thailand and the east. I am a diamond cardholder with Hhonors, and we were lucky enough to be given a suite upgrade thanks to that, and what a wonderful room. A large bedroom (clearly recently refurbished) with huge superking bed, very comfortable but firm mattress, decent sized lounge with sofa, 2 chairs and large lcd tv in both rooms, in fact there was also a TV in the bathroom so you can keep an eye on those soaps while soaking! Bathroom had a walk-in shower as well as bath, and twin basins. There was also a wine fridge though we didn't need to use that thanks to…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Didn't quite reach my expectations,"Stayed here on business and was on the top floor (8th, although the elevator only goes to 7, resulting in a hike up the stairs!). Room was no bigger than any other hotel I've stayed in and not as grand as the name Waldorf would have you believe.   Were not enough lights in the room to give enough sight in darkness and each window had an annoying blind which needed pulling down each night and morning.  Service was very good and food ok - we had a lamb shank which was a bit tough. The entire first floor is being refurbished which led to a mirror pane crashing to the floor in the palm court, narrowly missing some other delegates.   Given the price, I would have expected an amazing service. Don't get me wrong it was still good, but was a bit of a let down.  Great location by Covent…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,celebration getaway,"We stopped at the Waldorf at London for a birthday getaway Great Service, great location ideally placed for west end and theatre land Great local restaurants also make this a perfect choice - good value too",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4845-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good location for sightseeing. try to get refurbished room,I stayed in hotel again in Jan 2013 for 4 nights on business and then stayed for weekend. The hotel is great for sightseeing and staff were very helpful. We were given a non refurbished room on 1st floor at the back which was a bit noisy in the morning. The room was fine but it showed its age. There could be more space in the bathroom and the fittings could be newer. The room was large and has a seperate small room as a storage area. We were given access to the Lounge which was good as it includes breakfast and drinks. Overall i probably would stay again but would try to get a more modern room.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little bit of indulgence and class.,"I took my mother to London for a couple of days for a treat and for a little site seeing and to catch a show, I booked this hotel as it was close to the theatres, there was a January offer and had a 'name' that exuded history. It certainly didn't disappoint, right from the moment the doorman opened the front door in his 'Top Hat' to the moment we checked out. Our room wasn't quite ready for us on arrival which was slightly disappointing however we were so well looked after and escorted to the piano bar/lounge area and given complementry coffee and cakes. The rooms were well appointed, comfortable and clean. The breakfast room was very grand and the service was excellent. Overall the hotel surpassed every expectation and then some, excellent.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend,"Relaxed and understated luxury with really helpful staff in a really great location very close to Covent Garden and a short walk from the National gallery, St Martins and Leicester Square.  Lots  to do and see in the surrounding area.  Executive floor was much appreciated as was the beautiful breakfast room.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sandra G guest relations manager and staff our a credit,"I don't often get to stay in hotels as time and money are precious.  So when I do get an opportunity to treat either myself or my family, it needs to be right. Over Xmas last year I started researching on trip advisor a potential hotel to stay for a Xmas shopping trip. To keep it short, I was not impressed with feedback I received from some hotels. Then I read reviews on this hotel. I was highly impressed that Sandra G, guest relations manager, had taken the time to respond to reviews. So in my moment of need over some specific questions I contacted Sandra. I can only say that she answered my expectations at all levels. The hotel is fabulous, great people, great location and I have a further two dates already booked with the hilton group. Thanks Sandra .",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A little faded but great location,"Positives: great location easy walking distance to Covent Garden, London Eye etc. we booked through Booking.com and paid about £185 for room and breakfast. The breakfast was very nice but we've had better (chicken sausages... Really?!) reception staff all very helpful and courteous. Bar staff rather sullen but OK.  OK: indoor pool is part of LA Fitness rather than private for hotel guests, it's fine but pealing around the edges. It was clean.  Not so good: our room was tiny with mismatched furniture, the ceiling light fitting was very low and my husband clunked his head several times! The bed was small and hard, pillows not good either. Bathroom in need of a re-furbish too, good size room, tiny bath.  So I would say the hotel was fine for one night in central London.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
4854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4850-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Didn't quite match expectations,"I have to be honest, it didn't entirely match expectations.  The breakfast was fantastic.  Having said that, the breakfast seating was a little chaotic.  We were shown to a table, left our room key on it, went to get our breakfast and as we returned a couple were literally being seated on the table we'd just left.  The building is wonderful and the pool felt very private  The room was extremely small considering the very high cost and there was a large wet patch on the carpet.  I reported this as we were going out - however they said they couldnt move us to another room whilst we were out as they weren't allowed to touch belongings. I had only unpacked a few bits of makeup not mass unpacked, so this seemed a little churlish.  Was promised it would be addressed whilst we were out…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
4855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Oozed class,"From the welcome of the hotel doorman and friendly and efficient check-in everything about our stay went extremely well.  There is a quiet confidence about the Waldorf that is very reassuring and makes you feel relaxed so that you can better enjoy your stay.  Its location near Covent Garden is the icing on the cake, there is so much you can do that is within strolling distance of the hotel.  If you need to go further afield the concierge and doorman will be quick to help, nothing is too much trouble.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent,"Apologies for the late review. Stayed on the property a couple of months back & must admit, its fabulous!  I was travelling alone & this was my first visit to the country. A couple of friends recommended that I stay at the Waldorf to which I hesitated.  I thought I would get bored travelling alone, & boy, was I in for a shocker! The staff were better at starting conversations than any of my friends could. The quickest room service I have ever seen & the 'bestest' staff :) One humble request: do not let Mr. Radick (the doorman) go unrewarded for his polite behaviour every time. A jolly chap he is. My greetings to the lounge staff & the Chefs-  great atmosphere & unforgettable breakfasts. The only downside for me was that the mattress was a bit too soft for my liking, but that is…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very good, but let down by noise problems","I stayed at the Waldorf with my wife for a Friday night as part of a shopping/sightseeing trip. Our check-in was very efficient and the reception staff were very helpful.  The room on the first floor was spotlessly clean if a bit cramped, but these are old London buildings and it's to be expected. The creaky floorboards might have been an issue for other guests but we didn't hear others' wanderings. All the usual features you'd expect from a Hilton were present - robes, tea/coffee facilities, a safe, and a minibar with prices for a chocolate bar higher than the GDP of a small African country. Ok, £3.50 but I'm making a point here.  Later in the evening the concierge booked us a table at a local restaurant, Tuttons, and we enjoyed a relaxing pre-dinner drink in the hotel bar. …",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
4858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, staff & service","We stayed in a junior suite with Executive lounge access.  Room was lovely and big.  Lounge was great for pre dinner drinks & breakfast (included in room price). Staff friendly & helpful. Parking expensive, but it's London! Didn't bother with wifi, as we were only there for a night. Desk was small - glad I wasn't needing to work. Bed very comfortable. Temperature easily adjustable. Shower fantastic!  Overall a clean efficient hotel, that has a chain feel, but you are treated like individuals by the staff.   Would recommend.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
4859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4855-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff,"My fiancé and I booked into the waldorf for my 30th birthday. We also got engaged on this day to and this was a bit of luxury as we were celebrating. We booked it through olotel. Com but there was a mix up and the Hilton hadn't received our booking. This could of been a disaster but the staff really looked after us. Leyla the manager of customer relations was fantastic.... Nothing was to much trouble, she kept us informed and made us feel everything was in control. We ended up being upgraded due to their being a system error. We had a fantastic time and the hotel is gorgeous. Any problems speak to Leyla! Love her! ",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, Good Location","Stayed at the London Waldorf Hilton for a week on a business trip in January of 2013.  Overall, I was very pleased with the stay.  Hotel rooms are clean and furnished to high-end American standards.  Very nice bathrooms, bed, etc.  Really nothing to complain about. Stayed in room 506 with a King bed.  Hotel is generally expensive from the nightly cost, WiFi, and the hotel bar.   (9 pounds for a beer).  Pros - Extremely clean well furnished room - Strong heat and A/C (although they are somewhat centrally managed. e.g. you can't set it really cold during the Winter) - Fast WiFi (but expensive) - Strong shower - Location (Theatre District) - Great service (Free shoe shine, great suggestions)  Cons - None really, other than be very expensive.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A birthday treat,"If you want to push the boat out, and a the same time be in the center of what London has to offer, then the Waldorf Hilton is certainly a hotel that i would recomend. Its exactly everything thing you would expect from name,from the welcome by the doorman, all the staff make you feel special during your stay.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,We only stayed one night on this trip but the attention to detail and the helpfulness of the staff was excellent. From the moment we checked in we felt welcome and the feeling was that they could not do more to make our stay memorable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awful experience,Had to leave the hotel without staying.  Was given a room that was an office being converted into a hotel room that was awful with tile floors and it was dirty.  Apparently there had been alot of recent problems with the cleaning staff.,Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
4864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4860-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea,"Afternoon tea very good as it was an offer, don't think it's worth full price, unless refills were offerred automatically without asking. Food was very nice, just would have been nice if staff , offerred refills, rather than you having to ask.Nice setting and live piano music played by a very competent gentlemen. He was an example to the hotel. Live music added to the ambiance and suited the character of the hotel.Started with a Kir Royale cocktail followed by usual finger sandwiches, warm scones & couple of pastries. Food was very nice and hence more would easily have been eaten.  The staff seated you and gave you your selection of food, but left you alone and no offers of any refills at any point. Needed more drinks as there for over an hour, felt ackward asking for refills,…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fab one night stay !!,"We stayed here for one night only. The staff were amazing. They rang me when my room was ready which was great. The location is the winning factor of this hotel. It is located in the middle of the west end and only minutes from Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square. The room was amazing and we were pleasantly surprised.  We were thrilled with how accessible everything was around the hotel. The staff were very friendly and took good care of us with great attitude and lots of smiles, especially one in particular! Radick the doorman. He was fabulous! Dressed for the occasion, incredibly polite and helpful when needing a taxi or simply needing pointing in the right direction when walking Breakfast was amazing with loads of choice there was a mix of light breakfast,…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in a Great Location,We chose this hotel for its location and found it lovely. The entire staff we dealt with was friendly and helpful. We also particularly enjoyed a deliciouse breakfast in the beautiful dining room. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Too big for its own good,"Caveat for my review is that I stayed for only one night and was on a business trip and pressed for time.  The building evokes classic elegance and luxury but the room details, hallways and service don't match up.  While the property is absolutely clean and the staff were friendly and wanting to please, neither the rooms nor service lived up to its rating as a 4 star hotel.  The Rooms were an odd amalgamation of luxury linens mixed with shoddy furniture and a bathroom that was outdated and freezing cold (I visited in winter so in summer it may not matter).    The staff was responsive and helpful but lacked follow thru - or perhaps the property was just too big and the staff was not well managed.  Also, something that bothered me, which should not impact someone's decision to…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very poor experience most unhelpful staff,hotel with CAN'T attitude!","We choose this hotel for our anniversary.My fiancé had meeting early morning so before booking we asked for early check in and the person on phone was most helpful.Unfortunately we turn up and we couldn't check in until 12:30 but the agreed time was 9am.I was tired after driving and desperate for short nap before meeting friend in Selfridges.I decide to wait in spa most dirty,smelly one I have ever been to and pool missing tiles,etc.Finaly my room was ready so I ordered egg omelet as have very strict diet,10 minutes later I had call back that they can't do because its past breakfast time I had to be transfer to Mamager to explain my diet and get omelet.Last shock was when we were ready to leave asked concierge for car as we used valet parking and he said it will be 10 minutes.We…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
4869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4865-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Beautiful,"My history with London can go on and on, and yet I had the best visit when I stayed at the Waldorf Hotel in London.   Needless to say its central location that basically can lead you anywhere by any type of transportation, and even some of the most amazing places within walking distance.   I arrived while it celebrated its 100th Anniversary, and yet the rooms are refurbished and very comfortable, and spacious. The room interior, to my surprise, is contemporary, unlike what i expected from the outside. All in all, I am very happy with my room and amenities / facilities provided.  The staff has been very helpful and friendly. The doorman, who looks like Mr. Bean to me (which is definitely a compliment) is the type of doorman I'd wish to meet when staying at a 100-year-old hotel. …",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
4870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel so near theatres,"Visited several times over the years.  Staff always very curteous. The building takes you back in time with the stunning dining rooms, great for a special occasion.  The hotel is very close to many theatres and great for visitng London's attractions. Covent garden is just around the corner where there is pleanty of street activity and entertainment. The is a pool in the hotel if you wish to swim.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, and some rooms are great","I'm a regular guest here, and the location is unbeatable. I've noted in previous reviews some downside to the hotel but the newly rennovated rooms (some are not yet rennovated) have brought them up to the standard you'd expect.   Room choice is still a key aspect here with the lowest category rooms often being very small and tucked away, and not at all what you'd expect of a hotel this price range. I'd still advise booking a 'Deluxe Plus' category at a minimum, and probably an Executive Room to ensure a good quality room.   I think the refurbishments have significantly improved the hotel, and service quality has also improved of late too - although we are frequent guests so this helps.   The gym is separately operated by LA Fitness together with small pool (big enough for…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but rooms need serious updating,"Stayed for three nights on Buisness . Great location for all the main attractions of central London . Foyer and bar area very clean tidy and stylish . All staff very good . One criticism would be the rooms . The rooms really do need modernising they are very tired . Not 4-5 star standard . Breakfast fat to overpriced , but that is London for you . Would I stay here again ?? Yes but I would not pay £180 a night for it . ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great tourist location,"I have stayed here twice in the last couple of weeks, both times I was fortunate enough to be upgraded to deluxe rooms.  First room was smaller but had everything you needed whilst the second room was larger but decor was more clinical but what makes the rooms as in most Hiltons are the really comfortable beds. What makes the Waldorf special is the staff, the service and having breakfast in the Grand Salon where you get a good choice in lovely surroundings.  Its so close to everything in Covent Garden with buses stopping outside the door and a tube 5 mins away you are hard pushed to find a better location for a tourist visit to London.  Oh and if you are going out to dine and have a trip to the theatre what better way than to start off with a tasty cocktail from Good Godfreys…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4870-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Hilton Quality,Warm welcome and superb staff made this a pleasurable break. Good location and no disturbances at all. I was welcomed by Ben the Manager and upgraded. My daughter was very impressed with the facilities and we look forward to returning.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not what I was expecting,"Stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one night on 12th January, booked it as a surprise for my husbands birthday weekend.  We had theatre tickets so got there earlier than check in time, they allowed us to leave our luggage there which was good.  I upgraded the room at reception to a room two up from what I had booked for an extra £30.00, thank goodness I did.  The room was very nice but what I would call basic, not wow, which I would have expected for the price of a one night stay.   Before going off to the theatre, I visited the ladies room on the basement floor, which was very dissapointing, there was water covering the whole floor making only two toilets accessable and just a sign in the middle of the floor warning people. No one there cleaning it up. Check out time is midday. …",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,We booked the hotel as part of the secret rooms deal on lastminute.com! The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of covent garden's restaurant and bars. We were checked in early and also accommodated with a late check out. All the staff were helpful and friendly. The room was very comfortable and breakfast had a good variety on offer. I would definitely return to this hotel again.,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"I booked this hotel for the proximity to theatreland as a birthday surprise, We were greeted very warmly at reception which all went smoothly, the room we were allocated was great although the view out of the window was a let down, but this in no way diminished the room or stay overall.  Breakfast was a good experience, it was buffet service and enjoyable. The bottom line is would I stay at the Waldorf again? the answer is  a resounding yes.The entire experience was fantastic for us and definitely look forward to going back for longer next time.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, nice experience all-round","Stayed for a couple of nights mid-week on business. Really pleasant staff, delicious breakfast, comfortable room and bed, nice bath and lots of TV channels!  Also can highly recommend the whiskey sours and spending some time in the bar - great ambience and welcoming bar staff. Would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4875-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Let is snow,"Arrived at the Waldorf Hilton in a blizzard, and someone forgot to mention we had booked an Executive room.     Yet a very nice Italian lady got it sorted in a trice, the room was lovely (too modern for the style of the hotel, but the gorgeous bed, in which my husband and I lost each other several times made up for it) and the service spectacular.   Plus, from 6-8, they do cocktails and canapes for free!    And I don't mean wanky little pre-mixed jobs - you can do your own.     4 own mixed dry martinis later, they could have moved the hotel to Somalia and I doubt we would have noticed, but we went out for a meal, came back to the bar (where we were warmly welcomed despite it being well past closing time) and felt totally at home (only better, because someone else was doing the…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Honeymoon Stay!,"My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for three nights last week as part of our honeymoon trip and it was nothing short of fantastic! We are HHonors gold members and were upgraded to an executive suite upon arrival which was such a nice gesture! Our room (505) seemed like it had been recently renovated and was nice and warm.  The hotel was beautiful and everyone - the concierge, the doorman, the housekeeper, the restaurant staff, the executive lounge staff, and the front desk staff were so very, very nice to us! They even had a ""Congratulations"" dessert waiting on us when we first got into our room. Also, we had afternoon tea in the Homage Tea Salon one day and had a fantastic experience. We will absolutely stay here next time we're in town!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One night stay at Waldorf,"I booked (and paid in advance) through Saga/Last minute for one night stay for our wedding anniversary. Room okay; not huge but adequate and nice and clean. we were given a bottle of wine to celebrate, which was a very nice touch. A bit stingy with the smellies in bathroom. A couple more tubes would have been nice. Bed comfy with extra pillows if needed. Air con easy to fathom, not like some that seem to need a PHd in engineering. Booked a meal in restaurant; very nice. Food excellent and staff very friendly but wine expensive; £28 for standard Rose. Ouch! We opted for brekkie in local cafe as very very expensive in hotel. 2 niggles; the standard of the pool, steam room and sauna is not nice at all. Small, poky, very very slippery. Really could do with a major overhaul. Tired…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location,My friend and I went to the Waldorf on a weekend coach trip with organised afternoon tea on 20th January but on arrival it was a complete shambles there were only 20 of us in our group but the hotel obviously was not expecting us as we were supposed to have our tea at 3.0pm and there were no rooms ready so we had nowhere to change after travelling since early in the morning.After insisting to see the manager it was suggested we could change in the toilet which was then changed to the leisure centre changing rooms.We were stood around in the reception with our luggage for over half an hour and at no time were we offered seats anywhere or a cup of tea which I am sure would have calmed the situation immensely.Eventually after a lot of fuss from us we got our room keys and the…,Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice,"Lots of pluses - fabulous concierge, staff, service, restaurant. Few minuses - musty smell in bathroom, issues with using their mini bar to chill my own stuff- also the prices in the bar were so overpriced that I refused to pay for anything there and went to Tesco  on corner to buy wine and crisps! Our room was much too small on first arriving but was promptly offered to see two other rooms- I was much happier with the larger room on the 2nd floor. Overall a pleasant stay but def not the Ritz!!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4880-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very pleased with our stay,"We stayed on 22nd December.  On entering the first room we were offered, it was clear that the room was not ready, so we returned to reception, and were offered another room with no fuss. The staff were exceptional in my opinion, always smiling and very helpful. The room was nice, maybe not 5 star but i think it was very good value. It is also in a very good location, just a few minutes walk to Covent garden or the Theatres. I would not hesitate to stay here again, obviously like everything it depends on the price, but i have no complaints about the place.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Staff - Hotel a little Tired,"Good location for Covent Garden and a number of theatres nearby. The rooms are a reasonable size for London - BUT the prices they charge could be and should be a lot better.  What makes this Hotel is the Staff - very friendly, nothing too much trouble, good advice for when you need to know how to get to/find somewhere. The Hilton group needs to spend some cash on renovation. However, when we had a problem with the first room (no heating in the bathroom and it WAS cold!) they moved us to a 'new modern   room' which was good but the design is quirky!   First no mirror over the work table/vanity unit - How can a lady fix her hair!  (my wife was dumfounded by this fact)  and the wardrobe  has the hanger about 1/2 way down - so if you have a long dress - it drags on the floor....  …",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed!!,"We've stayed at The Waldorf in the past and had a fabulous experience, however this time we were very disappointed. The room was in need of decoration, there was an irritating buzzing light and very little heat - overnight a bottle of water on the desk was cooler than a bottle in the mini bar!! The staff during check in, and those serving tables in the bar during the evening, seemed to lack personality and didn't give an impression that they either enjoyed their work or were interested in making your experience memorable - for the right reasons! On a positive note, the concierge, as always, was very helpful, greeted you with a smile and were an asset to the company. The staff at breakfast also deserve praise for making breakfast an efficient and enjoyable experience. I'd planned…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good Location. Good Value,"The Waldorf has a really excellent location in London. Close to the theatres. Close to the river and a delightful morning walk over Waterloo bridge and back over the Hungerford Bridge. OK it does not have the grandeur of Claridges which costs three times  the price or the Savoy which costs even more but for a very good quality hotel in this location it really is good value for money. A small upgrade to the executive rooms will give you a free breakfast afternoon tea and canapés later on. The downside is that checking in is always problematical. No matter what time you arrive there always seems to be a problem with the room not being ready. We stayed here 25 years ago on the first night of our honeymoon and,D you guessed it the room was not available. That time however we…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not 5 star, and no free Wi Fi?!","Stayed here for three days for a variety of reasons - to see Les Mis, an event at the O2 Arena and generally catch up with friends in the area.  The location is spot on, right on the edge of the West End and only 25 minutes to walk from Euston or Kings Cross stations.  From the outside it looks wonderful as well, old and grand and a truly majestic sight really.  The reception area is equally lovely, wooden panels on the wall and really wonderful and helpful staff as well.  The wonderful staff does apply generally to the hotel - everyone greets you with a smile on their face and seem genuinely happy to help.  It was all 'nice' really, but for the price of the Waldorf Hilton you would expect more.  The rooms are tiny - barely big enough for a double bed, small desk and tiny table…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4885-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What a pleasant experience !," I often stay in Hilton hotels on business, but I have never stayed in an executive room at this hotel. The room was spacious, modern and v comfortable.  The hotel has a very cosy executive lounge. The staff were excellent. The hotel is located close to Covent Garden. The hotel has an excellent cocktail bar too. It will be my hotel of choice in London from now on !",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"More staff than guests, this is one hotel I will be going back to!",We stayed here for one night only. The staff were amazing.  I had six staff look after me when I checked in.  They rang me when my room was ready which was great as it was my first time in London.  The location is the winning factor of this hotel.  It is located in the middle of the west end and only minutes from Trafalgar Square.  The room was amazing and we were pleasantly surprised.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"We did not have a good experience at the Waldorf, the room was no better than a premier Inn, we took a bath and the water was cold, the set meal at night was not good and the staff did not seem to care, the best part about my stay was the breakfast. I will not stay or eat there again",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, personal service, lovely accommodations in the heart of London.","The location of the Waldorf Hilton puts you within walking distance to Covent Garden, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, the British Museum, with lots of great shopping along side streets.  We were thrilled with how accessible everything was around the hotel.  The staff was very friendly and took good care of us with great attitude and lots of smiles.  The gym downstairs has pretty much everything you'd want, as well.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Romantic,Nice Romantic hotel round the corner from the main covent garden square (well we went the other way because the HOTEL STAFF told us the wrong way so instead of it taking 5 minutes took us 25 as we went in opposite direction to get to the main central area they need to train staff in directions definately.  But always staff around for assistance with anything.  Valet staff on hand however when we went second weekend of november they were too busy to valet ours.    This is a lovely romantic hotel clean rooms however slightly small for my liking but nice bathroom creams and extras in room all teas hot chocolate etc available everyday.    THE PROBLEM reason for average rating... After a night out on the town we were hoping to sleep in however there was a loud banging and work was…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
4894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4890-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beatiful Hotel, Fab location","This hotel is immaculate. Staff is helpful and friendly, rooms are beautiful and well kept and the location could not have been any better. The only strange thing was having mainland european sockets in the room. Being a UK resident going to a hotel in London I did not expect to need adapters to plug our phone chargers!!! We ended up finding the sockets for the desk lamp and the kettle were UK standard so we had to remove both. Not a major problem but a bit annoying in today's gadget world.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"A great Hotel, in a perfect location","We stayed here on New Year's Eve, for one night in an executive room, the room it's self is very spacious, clean and modern. The location is perfect for the West End and Covent Garden. If you like walking it only took us 15 minutes to walk to the London Eye and Embankment area as well. The hotel breakfast was buffet style with everything you could possibly want, from cereal to full English, salmon to fruit, there really is something for everyone. As we stayed in an executive room, we got access to the lounge which was great, it's a small quiet room, which has a selection of newspapers and complimentary soft drinks during the day. At night there are complimentary alcoholic beverages from 6-830 which is perfect for a drink to start if the evening. Nibbles are also served which put…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional hotel, beautiful room but nowhere to charge my phone!","I stayed in the hotel last weekend and was thoroughly impressed.   Check in was very swift, friendly and professional. My suite was beautifully presented and immaculately clean.   I had dinner in Homage restaurant and drinks in Good Godfrey bar. The service in both was superb and the food very impressive.   I feel a little picky to point it out but there were no power sockets in my bedroom at all and only two (of UK standard) in the whole suite. I therefore could not charge my phone near my bed overnight and was not able to use my various gadgets. I'm sure this would not bother all guests but I must say it would influence me in deciding whether to return.   That aside, a great hotel, fabulous location, first class service and a very enjoyable stay. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, not so english","Hilton is reknown for his comfortable hotels and nice-to-sta-in rooms. I had the opportunity to stay in one of the 'classic rooms', free of charge, because of the HH program. I have to admit that I always have a certain feeling of suspicion when it comes to 'free of charge' but this time my suspicion was not correct. The only remark I could make was the fact that, although in the streets you couldn't ignore the christmas spirit that on the inside you hardly noticed the difference between christmas and another period of the year",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable one night stay!,"Really liked the Hilton Waldorf Astoria!  Great location, friendly staff and comfy rooms!   Check in was speedy, the porters and door staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 5th floor and view was of internal courtyard, which wasn't much to look at, but then again, didn't really need to!  Room was lovely, big and comfy and loads of room for luggage/clothes, as well as a safe, iron and ironing board and coffee/tea facilities in the room.  No ventilation in the bathroom which wasn't a major issue, but if we stayed for longer could see it need mopping up constantly.  Taps were a bit fiddly though to find the right temperature of hot water, but got there in the end.  Towels and toiletries very nice.  Smart tv flat screen in the room and room for a desk and chair as well…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4895-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Darling!,"This hotel is absolutely fantastic! My family and I stayed at the Wardorf during a recent trip to London to see the Woman in Black. The hotel is situated literally just around the corner from dozens of shows including Top Hat, Mama Mia, Shrek and The Woman in Black!! It's also about a 5minute walk from covent garden. PERFECT location in my opinion.   The hotel is incredibly clean and welcoming. I cannot pick one fault for my room other than I could not find a plug socket to use for my phone charger as they were all for 2 pin plugs! (but I did notice in the morning I could just unplug the supplied alarm clock at use that socket). The bed was comfortable, spacious and warm. The room overall was kept very warm. Our bedroom was spacious, well lit and had a spacious bathroom. Plenty…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, disappointing experiance","The rating of 5 star usually lends one to believe there will be a certain standard of room and experiance. So I am disappointed to give a 3 star rating given we do usually stay at Hilton Hotels and have a great time. However, that is what the Waldorf deserves on this occasion. In truth, having read some of the reviews of the hotel there was a level of trepidation in choosing it, however the deal we got was ok, so decided it was worth the risk due to the location. We stayed one night and unfortunately one night was enough to be honest.  The reason for the average review is the room, it is small and the one we had was limited to having a port hole for a window and a sky light which gave it an interesting but ultimately gloomy feel. The decor in parts seemed old and thrown together…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Awful evening meal - slow, poor food, poor service","I've never experienced a London restaurant that takes 45 minutes to produce a main course and an additional 20 minutes for a dessert. We had the theatre menu which should have been quick and instead spent 1hr 30 only to receive a main course. We were charged for the desserts even though we didn't have time to have them and with a total bill of £77 for only 2 main courses and one small glass of wine each it's an absolute disgrace. The staff were slow, the food was poor and it was an overall horrendous experience. We will be writing direct to complain.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
4902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but no 'wow',"I was looking forward to our days at the Waldorf Hilton as we usually stay in 4*s and I was keen to see the extras offered by that important extra star.  My view at the end of our stay was that it is a good, solid Hilton.  The staff were efficient, welcoming and helpful (particular thanks to the two guys on the concierge desk who helped me track down my handbag left in a cab), the room was clean, well equipped and functional, the bed was comfortable.  Maybe my expectations were too high but I had hoped for a little more – to use the clichéd phrase a ‘wow factor’ to separate to a  5* from a 4*.  We upgraded to a King Hilton Exec Plus on check in.  The room on the third floor had apparently been recently refurbished.  It was a good size overlooking the roof of the leisure club and…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not Quite. Waldorf,"Stayed two nights here in January 2013 on a short theatre break. The staff and public areas were quite good but huge disappointment in room , which was not up to standard. I did complain and the guest relations manager was excellent and very professional. Was moved to another similar room which had been "" refurbished "" .....better but still under my expectation of a Waldorf in the UKs capital city. This said I would give it another try when the full renovation is complete.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4900-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Why do u need more.......,"I picked up a Junior Suite on a Hilton special. This is a spacious room that easily accommodates 2 adults and 2 kids. It has 2 plasma tv and a lounge area that doubles up as the kids bedroom. The suite gave us access to the executive lounge which offers high tea daily, breakfast and canapés in the evening. Drinks and snacks were available all day. The hotel is linked to an LA gym which has a pool and all the necessary equipment. I found all staff to be highly efficient and friendly. I required a 4 pm checkout which was easily accommodated. The location is ideally situated at the West End. With all my visits to London, this is the only hotel I am most likely to return to. What more do u need .....",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good stay,Stayed for a family celebration and had interconnecting rooms which were fairly spacious.  Disappointed with the view from the room which overlooked the air conditioning unit.  Also bed was a double and felt really small.  The wardrobe door was on a sliding runner and kept sliding off.  The hotel lacks a good lounge area to meet up with friends and family.  It  has a few tables and seating in the corridor leading to the bar but this was always full and difficult to get a seat.  It would benefit from having a dedicated and much larger lounge area and it seems unusual that there is nowhere really to sit.  The entrance is just the reception desks.  The service in the bar particularly slow and one drink never arrived although it appeared on the bill and it then took some time to get…,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great stay,"Great location, right in the middle of theater district with lots of restaurants and walking distance to Covent Garden.  You can get around by bus, the bus stop is right in front of the hotel or by tube, which is located about 5 minutes by foot.  We stayed in the hotel during Christmas time so it was very festive and fun.  Staff was very welcoming and helpful and we liked both of our rooms, junior suite and twin room for our teenagers.  It was quiet and comfortable.  We had only issue with housekeeping, but after I brought it to manager's attention, she took care of it right away.  Executive lounge was very nice, great for work and great breakfast. Way better than in any US Hiltons that I ever experienced.  Thank you staff and everyone in Hilton Waldorf for making our stay…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,poor standard of room.,"The room was like a medical room.  Tiled floor,rug under bed  a trolley and chair in the corner.  Partition between bed and wash area. No bath, Shower door did not open fully had to squeeze in,  could not test water till shower was on.  Toilet too near wall, had to use side ways.  no slippers or bath robe.  More  a budget hotel than five star.  Be aware this is not what they adverrtised!!  Left complaint also wrote to manager. five weeks on yet  to have reply.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here back in September 2012 for 3 nights.Hotel is centrally located few minutes walk from Covent Garden. Number of theaters restuarants and  cofee shops in the area.  Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. Hotel room was very spacious, bed was comfy. Only thing was the room seemed a bit out dated. Some of the furniture was wobbling over and the carpet looked like it had seen better days. Kinda disapointing for the price you pay. Not sure if I would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
4909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4905-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Overall - Very Nice !!!,"We stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on points and overall the entire stay was very nice.  The hotel is convenient to many of the popular areas of London - and if not walkable, public transportation was readily accessible.  The lobby & restaurant staff was friendly, helpful and very professional.   The breakfast buffet was tasty and well presented with plenty of choices - there were also menu options available.    We did have one issue basically surrounding housekeeping.  We had flown in and arrived at the hotel around 11 AM.  We asked about an early check-in and were told that we would be put on the ""priority list"" and the room should be ready ""shortly"".  We finally got in about 3 hours later.  When we returned after after our first day of touring, our room had not been made up and…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, better choice available in London though","This is a good international hotel well located in West End. However, I chose the Waldorf rather than other Hilton hotels in London (I'm Diamond member, so I often choose Hilton hotels to enjoy the rewards) expecting a more upscale stay, but we were disappointed as it ended up simply good average, even with upgraded room and access to the Honors lounge. I even prefer the Tower Bridge Hilton or the one in Green Park. That said, the location is fantastic when you come over to enjoy a few shows and a bit of sightseeing and shopping during a WE.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very good...but you'd expect that for the price!,"First impressions of this hotel are great - impressive facade, prime location and everything is ship-shape and shiny.  We were shown to our rooms and I've got to say, I was a touch disappointed with the size of their standard room and with the size of the bath also. First rate decor throughout and good lighting. Every plug seemed to be continental or American though. Not ideal for us Brits!  The pool was too small, and really expected there to be a hot tub, but that's never going to be the end of the world.  Breakfast was outstanding - a truly different class. Too many hot buffet breakfasts serve flavourless, bland food and too little of it at that. Not here. Exceptional.  Can't fault the staff either, all seemed very helpful.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Well located, well run comfortable hotel","I stayed here on 3 nights for business, with my 18 year old son joining me in a second room for one night on a university visit.  The location of this hotel is very good for business (20 mins walk to Blackfriars, the funds in Paternoster Square etc), for tourism  (you are in the heart of theatreland, 5 mins to Covent Garden, 20 mins to St Pauls etc), and walking distance to Kings Cross, Euston and Waterloo stations (or 5mins and £8 in a taxi). Kings College and the LSE are right on your doorstep.  Reception from the doorman, through check in to bags being delivered was excellent. My refurbished room (a de-luxe plus) was well equipped and had a good work area with excellent wi-fi. My son's ( a de-luxe plus again) had a slightly odd layout but again was spacious and in both the…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location excellent, stunning breakfast - disappointing room.","This hotel disappointed me... initially due to having to queue to check- in, and our double room was quite small. There was an apology for this in the form of a complimentary bottle of white wine. It was however, very quiet which was a bonus. The bathroom floor wasn't clean on arrival but a phone call did sort that quickly with apologies. The highlight, apart from the superb location, was the breakfast - which was fab! The breakfast staff were faultless. I think I expected more from a Hilton even in central London. The decor was slightly shabby in places, and I did feel as if I was sleeping in a wardrobe! Will probably try an alternative London Hilton next time.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4910-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location and Service!,"Stayed here for a week over New Years.  I am a diamond member, so when I checked in, they sent me directly to the diamond lounge.  I was visiting from the States, so we arrived early at 8am.  I was not expecting the room to be ready and it was not.  The lovely lady at the diamond lounge, who I can remember her name was fantastic.  She treated us well all week.  She was young and Austrian with glasses and blonde hair.  She told us we had a King Executive room, but it was still occupied.  We sat around for awhile and she promptly provided us with updates.  We decided to walk around for a bit outside, but we were so tired we came back to the lounge around 11am.  At that time she told us the room was not available, but she had a Queen Plus room available.  At that point we did not…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,One night only for visit to ROH but wished it was more. All staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and had everything we required and more. The breakfast was delicious with a huge variety to please all tastes. Will certainly revisit.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A good spontaneous choice,"I stayed here a while ago, purely on a whim, and couldn't have been more delighted with the choice.    The location, of course, is fantastic. London is on your doorstep and it makes a great base for anyone visiting the city. The service I received when I arrived was impeccable and the staff were more than happy to cater to my requests for a quiet corner room. The room itself, whilst fairly small compared to other 5* hotels, was lovely with an enormous bed and a beautiful bathroom. I enjoyed the little touches in the room like the ipod speakers and snacks, and thought the room service cocktails were great (though quite expensive!) I wasn’t thrilled about paying for wifi, but it didn’t put me off. As I only stayed for one night, I sadly did not get the chance to use the spa…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
4917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Relaxing break with good customer service,As a returning guest to the hotel and a Hilton Honours member our recent pre Christmas stay was as enjoyable as always. Our room was a refurbished King Hilton Executive Plus and was very homely and welcoming. Having previously stayed in the more modern rooms it was nice to have a recently refurbished more traditional room that felt more in keeping with the hotel's history.  The facilities in the room were what you would expect and we even had a welcome back cake on arrival - which was a nice touch and much appreciated.  There was also complimentary water and a fruit bowl - all nice touches.  The room was large with a good sized bathroom with bath and shower.   My one disappointment was the fact that the bed was nowhere near as comfortable as those experienced in the hotel in the…,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Excellent well located hotel, the staff are excellent and nothing is too much trouble. This was my second stay and I look forward to staying here again soon. The location was the best factor for me in choosing this hotel, I was able to walk both mornings to the conference I was attending.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4915-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location and Service,"Just had a one night stay for a visit to the ROH and how convenient  the location for this is as well as many other theatres and the vibrant covent garden area. From the moment you are greeted by the friendly doorman each and every member of staff are charming friendly and helpful right down to a maintenance man we spoke to in our corridor - wonderful. The public rooms are stunning with the elegance of a bygone era. Our deluxe twin was fine, a little tired and the beds very narrow (my mother was afraid she would fall out in the night) but comfortable once the 'done up like a kipper' quilt was wrenched out from under the mattress! Very warm even with heating off but we were facing inwards so opened the window and had no street noise just aircon units. Old sash windows could do…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in an excellent location,"This is an excellent hotel just a few minutes walk from Covent Garden and a number of theatres. Rooms are good and spacious, bed is comfortable, plenty of wardrobe space and a very stylish bathroom. The executive lounge offers a variety of drinks and nibbles early evening and a delicious breakfast in the morning. The only niggle I had was that the bar didn't sell draught beer. I found this hotel overall so good that I've already booked to stay again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location!","The glittery lights of this hotel make you feel you are staying at The Ritz, but without the hefty pricetag. In fact, given the location of this hotel which is absolutely perfect for any tourist visiting London - the rooms are pricey but now we can see why.  The hotel has modern and very comfortable rooms but the real gem is the location (did I mention that already?!) - if you like walking then do it - everywhere! And if not...Covent Garden tube is just round the corner as is Embankment and Charing Cross. Stroll around the area and get a real feel for London then return to this cosy hotel.  Excellent breakfast and LA Fitness is a must (even when on holiday!).  We highly recommend it and will be back!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Complete rip off,We have just come back from a private afternoon tea party at the Waldorf thrown for one of our friends 50th. An absolute and complete rip off.  We paid £50 a head for an afternoon tea dance for 90 people (so the Waldorf raked in £4500 for the afternoon. The afternoon tea was presented per table of 12 people on 3 stands with 6 selections of sandwiches (so one selection per two people rather than one per person as advertised). One scone per person and 4 jams for a table (why not 6?) and a miserable selection of cakes. Tea was poured from big catering pots - not the selection of teas advertised on afternoon tea. The Champagne tea really was just the one glass - and only a full glass because one of the table insisted that the glasses were full not a mouthful and fizz.  Overall I'd…,Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
4923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Very high quality, enjoyable stay","Stayed for 2 nights in early January 2013. We have stayed in several 5 star hotels in London and they don't always stand up to scrutiny so we didn't have particularly high expectations, so we were suitably surprised and satisfied. Good sized room with large bathroom, very well decorated and presented. Breakfast was very good buffet style with attentive staff. Very good location for access to West End. Strangely we got no information or instructions when we checked in....not even how to get to our room and my only criticiism would be that they charge an extra £15 per day for internet access. Will definately return.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4920-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel with professional, friendly staff","We have returned from a NYE holiday to London and chose this hotel based on trip advisor. We stayed with hotel points and were first given a room without a view.  The next day they were able to move us to a room with a beautiful view of the Aldwych street.  We enjoyed the bar, including the friendly, helpful staff. The front desk and concierge staff were very helpful. The only complaint is that they should move the luggage storage to a bellman area, instead of having the concierge staff having to handle. It made it difficult to ask questions, since there were many people dropping off luggage. The location is absolutely perfect near many restaurants and a wonderful market in the theater district.  We used the executive lounge which was well stocked with snacks and drinks.  It…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not your Grandfathers Waldorf...,"When you receive a Diamond Member upgrade to an attic room on a floor that the elevator doesnt go to..you know somethings up. First , I have to say the room itself, amenities like the Concierge Lounge and the Hotel in general were very nice...just not 5* Waldorf-name material.  Being ""upgraded"" to a room without elevator access ( and not told that upon checkin) wasnt cool and definitely detracted from overall experience. The room itself was very comfortable , if a little noisy from the wind outside, a little dated on the furniture/decor and bathroom - nice enough but just not ""Waldorf"" quality.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
4926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,5* location / 4* hotel,"We booked through lastminute.com and payed less than £120 per night.   Superb location minutes wak from covent garden & the west end.  The room & bed was small (to be expected in central London) and nicely decorated.  A few minor things you would not expect from a 5* hotel - missing knobs from wardrobes, dusty shelves, bedside light not working,the TV volume button & extractor fan not working in the bathroom - not show stoppers granted, but not quite 5*  We'd definitely stay again at this price.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Attention to detail,"Stayed here last night with our 2 young children. We have been many times. The staff are fantastic, incredibly helpful and just lovely with the children. Rooms are big and well equipped.  Well worth upgrading to exec. Use of lounge with complimentary snacks and drinks as well as upgraded room ",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
4928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok but disappointing for a Hilton,"Stayed here last night with my partner. For a central London 5 star hotel we have experienced better at 4 star. Room Über cool but there was little points that let it down. Mirror on wardrobe door cracked, brown lime scale at shower base and a piece of skirting board missing behind the toilet door. Trivial things but in a 5 Star you expect!  Breakfast was ok, but we arrived 30 min before end and the odd thing was not 100% like the bacon was like left overs, no butter or jams on the table and the supervisor we asked to get some seemed put put out.  All staff were generally very good and the hotel interior was impressive. Good location for Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
4929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4925-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It is certainly getting better,"I've stayed at this hotel many times and reviewed it from time to time. My initial experience was certainly bad, but a positive reaction from the management kept me going back and so on New Year's Day 2013 I checked in yet again, for a two night stay. I still don't understand how Hotel's do marketing. I had written to the head of Guest relations and been offered a rate of over £300 per night each for two rooms, some £1200 in total, I was staying there with my business partner, en route from Thailand to Majorca, via the UK. Both of us felt this was a bit much, a flip through the internet, some discussion about other hotels and we finally booked exactly the same rooms for £100 per night less each, a saving of £400 overall. Give the management their due they then offered to upgrade…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our new favourite London hotel,"Excellent service right from the start on entering the hotel - charming doormen, good reception staff, helpful bellboy.  All that you would expect from a 5 star Hilton. Our standard room had recently been refurbished and was very comfortable and quiet - ideal for crashing out following our transatlantic flight. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are so many good value places nearby, but we did try the bar after dinner which was very pleasant and felt quite exclusive. The location is ideal, right in Covent Garden and close to the tube.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
4931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Booked The Waldorf Hilton because of its prime location and also to maintain my status in the Hilton HHonors program. Upon arrival, check-in was smooth and efficient. especially London. The hotel, having recently been renovated, felt quite new and the use of warm/cool tones throughout the lobby, hallways, elevators etc. definitely made this historic hotel feel more ""modern"". Our room was a King Room on the 4th floor, facing the inner courtyard. The room was quite small for a Hilton, but I guess this is how it's like in Europe and especially London. What you find in the room are the standard amenities expected of any hotels in the Hilton chain. I found the bed to be quite comfortable , when compared to the previous Hiltons we've stayed at in France and Germany. Check-out was…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Honest review,"We booked the Waldorf through olotels at a discounted price, I'm pleased we got such a deal as I would not of been happy paying full price. We arrived for two nights 31st December to welcome the new year in London. Upon arrival the check in staff were very helpful and polite nothing too much trouble. We we entered the room we were very disappointed, the room was a contemporay queen room. In need of attention, scuffed chair and skirting boards. The bathroom was the worst, the semi recessed basin was not siliconed in place, leaving an unsightly gap. Holes in the tiles with uneven filler. Hairs in the bath and grime around the taps, dust on the toilet roll holder. Just generally shabby cleaning. On the second day we had to call reception as our room had not been cleaned, tea,…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Still not up to scratch,"What an odd experience! Last time I stayed here, I wasn't too impressed, so gave it a 3 out of 5 rating on here. It's not too bad, but just didn't live up to my expectations for such an iconic hotel. My opinion of the hotel then changed - they responded to my review and asked me to get in touch, and offered to put things right by offering a discount on my next stay. I wondered if perhaps I'd been harsh, as obviously this was a hotel keen to impress their guests.  On the weekend after Christmas, I decided to spend the weekend in London at short notice - I didn't really expect to be able to get a room at such short notice, but thought I'd ask anyway. I asked if I could have two rooms. I couldn't get hold of anyone on the phone, so sent an email first thing in the morning. I hadn't…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4930-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great Birthday Stay,"We chose this hotel based on a few factors, but primarily due to it's proximity to the Novello Theatre as we were seeing Mamma Mia! (next door) and the fact I am HHonors Gold and thus somewhat loyal to the brand. I am thrilled to say that we definitely made the right choice.  The hotel is classy and lovely but without being too stuffy and pretentious. It looks gorgeous from the outside, a very grand, old building. We originally booked a boring, standard Queen room which looked dull and small from the pictures - our room was not ready upon arrival at 4, but by about half 4 after some discussion (and following complimentary coffee and pastries) we were given the keys to our King Executive Room - a great upgrade and sincerely appreciated, especially considering the price we paid…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
4935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,We stayed at the Waldorf over the weekend between Christmas and New Year and had a great time.  The staff are incredibly friendly and attentive and the rooms are always immaculate.  It's also the perfect location for everything London has to offer.  Godfrey's bar is also a great place to chill-out with a glass of wine after a manic night out in London :-)   We'll definitely use this hotel on our next trip to London.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location,"Chose this hotel due to it's proximity to Covent Garden and others' positive reviews. It did not disappoint, and it may our stay in London even better. Comfortable rooms and beds, and a decent executive lounge for those of you with Hilton HHonors status. It was a very short walk to theaters, restaurants and central London.  The staff was very helpful when we needed some information or suggestions.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
4937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Christmas Stay!,"Here we were again at the Waldorf for Christmas and it was such a great stay!   As HH Diamond, upgraded to an executive room that was exceptionally large: nice entry, sitting area, study, large bathroom and the traditional lovely king bed.   The service was excellent throughout the stay, at the reception, the lounge, the bar or restaurant.   The tea service at the lounge was exceptional (even on the 25th where everything was closed in town). The breakfast at the restaurant was rich and the made to order eggs benedicts delicious! also the Xmas tree in the lobby was gorgeous at night!   Thanks for a great stay and for the warm spirit of the season!!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,New Year firework stay,"A really positive stay despite a very bad start!  We arrived at 2pm to be found we were upgraded to executive floor for our Gold HH status. Executive Lounge very busy but able to have afternoon tea. Returned at 4pm to be told our room would not be ready until 5pm - 2 hours after check in! This caused major issues with table bookings and we were eventually given a 'disabled access' room which was great! I spoke to the general manager who took the time to listen to my issues and gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne and taxi as way of apology. These additions were extremely nice but did not change the negative feelings / disruption caused.  However from here it got better and better. All staff were friendly, breakfast probably the best ever in a Hilton and the Loung access…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4935-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant experience,"After reading some of the negative reviews regarding this hotel I feared the worst, especially as we had made.booking over 6 months ago to welcome in the new year. I am glad to say that our experience was absolutely excellent. We booked to junior suites which also gave us access the executive lounge, this proved to be a major benefit to our stay. The service experienced throughout our stay was exemplary, the breakfast superb and as a whole a superb experience overall. What anyone can find to complain about bewilders me. I have stayed at several 5 star hotels and this lives up to them all, and still provides a comfortable not stuffy atmosphere.  A great hotel.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location and friendly staff,Spent a few days here whilst taking my wife Christmas shopping and to see the sights of London. Very enjoyable stay and the staff were excellent.  Will now enjoy the remainder of my holiday and will be staying here again one day,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,SO DISAPPOINTED,"We took advantage of a Christmas Top Table offer and thought we would go a little up market ! We both work in London and know the Covent garden area well and the Waldorf has been recently renovated . So on Boxing Day four of us went looking forward to a cosy Christmas atmosphere and great English cusine ! Walked through the impressive entance guided to the restaurant and ....... a huge space with no decorations , music or atmosphere ! there were only half a dozen people eating , with most of the tables not even laid up ! we were sat in the far corner just as a large group of 10 /12 ladies had just finished afternoon tea , the table remained un cleared for an hour at the very least !  the waiters were very attentive and food reasonable as it should as the bill came to £200 ! we…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A True Enjoyment,"We stayed in a suite again, which was faultless. The staff are truly lovely, nothing is too much trouble.  We were welcomed back with a platter of fresh fruits. The lounge with complimentary nibbles & drinks is always a nice touch prior to going to the theatre.  Located just off The Strand, very close to Covent Garden, nothing is too far away, either walking, tube or short taxi ride.  The cost from Kings Cross station is approx £10 each way.  This time we did not have time to visit the pool, but from memory was a pleasant experience on the last trip. Would definaltey stay again.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lives of the name and location.,I stayed here on a deal I or through my Hilton Honours.  The hotel is in a very convenient location close to Coventry Garden and many of the west end shows.  It has an imposing and grand look and feel.  The check in process and concierge service was good.  We booked a standard double room and were allocated room 134 on the first floor.  The room was very small and the decoration was not really to my style or liking.  It took my a while o figure out the lights and when we first walked in the oom was freezing as the maids left it on the lowest setting (not great in December when it's cold and wet outside!).  The furniture was all a bit odd.  It took me a hike o figure out which was the cupboard... It was tiny and squashed between a Frindall and the integrated ironing board.  The…,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4940-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The perfect treat for a 70th Birthday,"I booked my parents a room here for two nights as part of a theatre trip treat to celebrate my Mothers 70th birthday along with my Fathers 77th and from the moment I engaged with the hotel I have been nothing less than constantly impressed.  I dealt directly with Leyla Rustamova (Guest Relations Manager) from the outset and over the period of a few months all of the details were perfectly arranged and their visit an utter success I am delighted to say.  A complimentary room upgrade, wine and a cake were very kind touches and my parents were even given a history tour of the amazing building. Access to the Executive Lounge provided a wonderful space for my parents to rest and recover from our theatre trip and all of the staff that they and I met offered top class customer service…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed.,"As a Hilton Diamond Member this was the worse experience I have ever had in a Hilton Hotel.   Arrived at 12 and told no room available until 3pm. Finally got room and it was tiny. The bed, supposedly a double, would struggle to sleep 2. No soap in room, so tried to call reception, but phone not working.  How this is classified as a 5 star defies logic. I will be looking elsewhere in future.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"I used some of my Hilton Honours Points for a weekend so that my wife and I could visit London and see a couple of shows. The Waldorf is in the right area for this, I also upgraded to an Exec Room so that we could use the Lounge. This is well worth it. Whilst it does get crowded, especially at 6 when the free bar is open, (people having pre-show drinks) at other times it is quite civilized. Breakfast is excellent, the same as in the restaurant and afternoon tea is superb. Barbera seemed to be permanently on duty, clearing tables, smiling and always offering to help if looking confused (which I do occcasionally). Our Exec room on arrival wasn't ready, but we were asked to wait in the Lounge until it was (we did arrive early) and we would be informed. Our bags had already been…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Family trip from hell,"During a recent trip to London with the family we encountered nothing but problems at the Waldorf Hilton from the time we entered the building until the time we left. We thought we had three executive rooms booked for three nights which were to accommodate six adults and two children, this had all been agreed with Harley from the premier club eight weeks prior. When we arrived at 3pm we were told our rooms were not ready and to come back in an hour, on our return there was still one room not available.  Once we had all checked into our rooms we could not believe the size and standard of them. Considering we have stayed here several times before we were very disappointed. My brother and his wife were expected to sleep in a double bed with two children, reception staff were unable…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, hotel not all it could be",Stayed one night recently with my other half. Very classy looking hotel that looks like its been transplanted from the 1920s.  If you don't know the area is right by covent garden and waterloo bridge. Is walkable to most central London attractions.   Upgraded room for £20. Room was v clean and spacious. Looked like a five star hotl room. Have free use of the fitness first gym under the hotel. Though closes about 6 at the weekend at least.  On downside there is a £15 charge for the Internet.  Also has about half as many lifts as it needs. Three small lifts in same area. Not much they can do about this without big refurb.   Helpful free advice for hotel manager:  Two of the lifts run off he same up/down button. The third - v slow lift -has its own up/down button. Everyone waiting…,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4945-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Can't fault it and great location,"We stayed in a queen deluxe room which was very nice, spacious and with a separate bathroom. Service was excellent throughout although the bar service was a bit slow and over priced in my opinion but it is a Hilton in the centre of London. We ordered some late night room service which was great and reasonably priced. Can't speak for the breakfast as we didn't have it. The location was excellent for all our needs, plenty of theatres, bars, restaurants, shops in the area. I'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for a special birthday!,"We stayed at this Hilton for my husbands birthday. I wanted a great location and a hotel with charm and history. I had the assistance of Leyla Guest Relations  Manager to make this a special event. She organized a cake and wine in our room and gave us a lovely personal welcome. We had an executive room on the fifth floor overlooking the rooftops. It was totally silent,had a lovely bathroom and luxury feel of spaciousness. As a Hilton Gold member we had access to the executive lounge and enjoyed the breakfast tea and evening drinks. All our interactions with every staff member were pleasant professional and made this a memorable stay. Robert the doorman gave us a cheery welcome every time we saw him. The location so close to theatre transit and tourist attractions is a major…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great stay - try the 8th floor,"We travelled as a party of 7 so we had a few different rooms spread across the hotel, so we got to check out a range of rooms.   All the rooms we booked were executive rooms, we were allocated the 8th floor, which is up one flight of stairs from the top floor lift. After viewing our parties rooms, I have to say we were very happy that we got the 8th floor. The room was a great size, dressing area, seating area and a bedroom area, the room was in the eaves of the hotel so the ceilings were lower, our families rooms had very high ceilings and this made the rooms feel a little too open our room on the 8th floor had a great cozy feel. The beds are a little firm but comfortable, the bathrooms really could do with an overhaul and update new tiles etc,.. Starting to look a little worn,…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing hotel with offensive staff members,"I have used Hilton Hotels the world over and never been more disappointed with what we thought was going to be a 5 star hotel.  We booked the hotel 7 weeks before arrival and had a simple request of non-feather bedding which was impossible to achieve, it seems.  As I have a medical problem I always make this request and the staff at this hotel were unable to deliver.  In addition, although the staff agreed they had made a mistake, one member of staff who was a night duty manager was offensive when we tried to notify him that even though the request had not been achieved after 5 attempts that the housekeeping staff had still left feather cushions in the room - one on the bed and the other on the floor!  His apparent offensive attitude and descriminatory comments (I am partially…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Saved by location,"3 nights with family - 2 adults 2 children in separate room.  This is an unpretentious hotel in an excellent location.  But, it's not really 5 star.  I would not compare it to the really good London hotels like the Dorchester, Lanesborough, etc, but it is friendly.  It is not expensive compared to the competition and the Executive lounge is definitely worth the extra.    I have stayed here several times in the past, and I think it's probably the last.  Perhaps I'll try a rental apartment next time.  But, the location of the Waldorf is its saving grace.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4950-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Work off the calories: stay on 8th floor!,"We were pleased to try this hotel again after very disappointing room a couple of year's ago. We love the location and the executive lounge is great. We had freshly baked scones, jam and clotted cream, delicious vegetarian finger sandwiches, two choices of cake for afternoon tea. Just when you thought you had eaten your fill, the tea was cleared for the evening canapés and drinks service. Just to say we didn't need to have dinner that night too. We walked off the calories to the theatre and then up and downstairs to the 8th floor.  Room was very nice. Very quiet as we were not overlooking street. We could even open the window. Rare treat. Had view of BT tower. Shower over bath leaked a bit but bed was large and comfy. We slept well and enjoyed our breakfast in the dining room.…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing - loud and disturbing,"I've stayed in many Hiltons all over the world and normally love the hotels.  This one left a lot to be desired.  There was a big party going on in the ballroom downstairs, so loud that it prevented us from sleeping.  At 8:30am, a hotel staffer decided it was appropriate to knock on our door and wake us up... And then say ""oh, should I come back later.""  Can't really rate a hotel high when it fails on its primary purpose of letting you sleep there.  I give it two stars because the bed was comfortable",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Location","We recently stayed at The Waldorf Hilton in a King Suite. It was huge and well appointed, and the price was extremely reasonable for West End London. The service was excellent, and the Executive Lounge provided excellent food and drink throughout the day. We had requested a DVD player, and it was already set up in our room when we arrived. As many others have mentioned, the location absolutely can not be beat if you want to be in the West End. I give this hotel and its' staff nothing but high marks.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"This is a truly excellent hotel, great location and outstanding staff. Very comfortable rooms, quiet and well appointed. Every member of the staff that we encountered during our stay of 4 nights made our stay so enjoyable, discrete and attentive service along with excellent food and wines. My wife and I cannot wait to return.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Hilton,"It was my first Waldorf experience, and to be honest, it was entirely the Waldorf signature that motivated my reservation. However, the truth is that it is nothing more that a Hilton (please don't misunderstand me, I like Hilton Hotels), but just don't expect an old European Hotel experience!  I had reserved a standard room, and it was nicely furnished, however the bed could barely take 2 persons (I am not a particularly small man). I asked the reception for a room with a larger bed, so they kindly sent us to another room, a bit larger, but with the same bed!! I kindly told them that my main issue was to be able to sleep and not to walk around the room. I was proposed an executive upgrade, for a lot of money extra, and then I received a very large room with a king size bed. …",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4955-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed Very Disappointed,Disappointing   It is the only way to describe my stay at the Waldorf London!!   In fact I would go as far to say it was terrible!  I have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria New York many times –it is exceptional – I was so very excited to be staying at the Waldorf London for the first time! NEVER again I fear.  The room was so poor – tiny -cold white tiles did not help to make it warm and inviting – the bathroom –Well where can I start! Worse part was the frosted Glass panel is not frosted enough!- NO PRIVACY– The hotel really needs to address this problem as I can see on Tripadvisor that is one of the largest problems-All over the world with “Open Bathrooms” have a private electric blinds so you still retain some dignity. Also why would such a tiny room need 2 Iron and Ironing…,Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Birthday Treat!,"Arranged afternon tea for my husband birthday's on line special request was  for 2 glasses of wine to be served at the table when we arrived and the waiter to wish my hubby happy birthday, well they did not disappoint the wine came and  so did a small cake that had happy birthday written in chocolate on a white plate a lovely extra touch I thought.   The tea itself was very well presented and was quite enough.  The staff  were attentive but with discretion. I was most surprised when receiving the bill that the wine was complimentary -thank you so much to the  Waldorf for making hubby's birthday special.  O'h just one thing so there are  no surprises a  small service charge was added to the bill",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good to bad to worse to disaster,"Saturday night stay GOOD - arrival/check-in very smooth. Room very smart, clean and tidy. Dinner in restaurant, delightful dining room, smart and efficient service, well presented and flavoursome food but a touch pricey. BAD - bathroom shower door did not close properly resulting in discovery of post shower flooding, glass bathroom walls attractive and trendy BUT unless you are at ease with your toilet/ablutions being shared by your partner, maybe suggest a different room. WORSE - a queue for breakfast!!!! 15 minute request to wait in lounge area until a table was available. insult to injury was that the 2 young staff on duty could not control the guests, some of whom jumped their turn. Plus the fact we were asked if we were Mr & Mrs (gay couple in day wear???!!). Upon arrival…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Well done Hilton,What superb service.We booked this trip to London for my daughter and her husband as a special treat. They were treated like royalty and although we are the diamond members they were afforded the benefits for their stay. They were thrilled and thoroughly enjoyed their time there. They were also delighted that the hotel was so central for everything.,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Totally overrated hotel,"A name means little when not substantiated by strong values Rooms are totally average: size, decoration, amenities Service level fluctuates but is usually on the low side Breakfast buffet is probably only good thing to go for. Poor value for money",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4960-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and service but lacked the wow factor,"First of all the hotel is in a fantastic central location, smack bang in the middle of London and a short distance from the entertainment district and tube station.  We booked a standard guest room at The Waldorf Hilton in London for a weekend theatre break.  First impressions were very good, we were met by concierge who took our bags from us. The check in was very quick and the staff at reception were very polite, asking if there was anything they could do to make our stay more comfortable.    We proceeded to our room and although clean and tidy it just didn't have the wow factor expected of a 5* hotel when we walked in. I expected more from what we paid per night.  Don't get me wrong it was nice but the room felt tired and old, the bathroom was OK but you could see in parts…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and experience,"My fiancee and have just returned from a two night at this hotel.  We stayed in room 726 situated on the 7th floor.  This room was exceptionally clean, large in size with a large bathroom and very modern interior.  The bed was very comfortable and situated in a quiet area of the hotel.  We had a short wait to check in but the staff are very helpful.  We had breakfast at the hotel which is a great experience.  The food is superb and hot, I would recommend the waffles - amazing!!   The location of the hotel is superb and within easy reach of Temple or Covent Garden tube station.  You can walk to Covent Garden within 2 minutes and there are plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.    I will be returning to this hotel in the near future.  It has been a great experience.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nightmare check in but well compensated for our delay,"Stayed for one night for my friends 40th birthday; I rang ahead to request a room at the front of the hotel on one of the higher floors.  We arrived at 9.30 am and semi-checked in, left our bags and were advised they would call us when the room was ready.  We returned to the hotel at 4.30pm, having received no call.  Reception and the hotel in general was exceptionally busy; we were advised that they had given us a really nice room at the front of the hotel but maintenance were just having to check over the sink.  We were given a voucher for complimentary cocktails and enjoyed the ambience of the sumptuous bar area and two very yummy cosmo's.  I returned to reception 45 mins later, the room was still not ready so they refunded a third of the cost of the stay and were given…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special Birthday Treat,"Have to start with a small minus I am afraid.  We arrived at scheduled check-in time of 3p.m. only to finf that our room was not ready and there would be a ""short delay"".  Voucher for tea and pastries provided but ad we had just had a fabulous lunch at The Gilbert Scott at St.Pancras the last thing we needed was pastries.  Still the cup of tea was welcome and we eventually got into our room at 4 p.m.  Perhaps a little shake-up of housekeeping would be good!!  Our room however was delightful.  Spacious and very modern with cleverly designed wardrobe features.  Huge spacious bath/shower was perfect for a long soak after a day spent walking round London!  Although we were on the street front we found the double glazing worked well and we both slept verrry well in the excellent…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What all Hilton's should aspire to be,From the moment I hoped out of the taxi I was treated to class from the bellboys to the management class at its best its not cheep but your in the heart of London .. This building is fantastic old but class from breakfast in an old ballroom to drinks in an old pool room as there executive lounge all the staff in this place are fantastic when I went downstairs and asked for the manager a tell him that a few days before I was about to leave Hilton he listened then when I left for the airport he presented we with a book on the first 100 years of the Waldorf Hilton great read the rooms are big but some have showers in the bath ask for a shower by it self I had 3 rooms all were magic in there own way close to everything if you don't mind a stroll I would not hesitate staying here…,Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
4969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4965-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Open plan Bathroom. Avoid!,"We arrived on a Sunday afternoon, for a two night stay. There was some confusion over the booking, but this was rectified after some 20 minutes. The room allocated was a Queen Hilton Deluxe.  We had only had one tea bag in the tea container for the two of us, we were not impressed with the tin cups and saucers provided on the tray, these were replaced by china cups and saucers after phoning room service. The hair drier was wired into the wardrobe and had no mirror. The open plan shower and toilet was an absolute disaster. Never experienced any thing like this in my life. Green frosted glass partitions provided no privacy for the individuals in the loo, or in the shower from those in the bedroom. APPALLING Internally some parts of the Hotel look tired and fatigued. Swimming pool…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Stayed at this hotel quiet often over a lot of years and it keeps improving. Everything about the hotel is fantastic, but probably the best thing is the location, just round the corner from covent garden, and soho and plenty of shows to see. I've stayed at some of the nice hotels in London, but without a doubt the Waldorf is by far the best. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. Please try it out.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
4971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weird room design - hotel felt jaded,"We stayed in a Double Deluxe room and it was pretty odd. They seem to have let a designer loose without any concept of client comfort or privacy. The en suite had no walls between it and the bedroom - only frosted (not very frosted !) glass so whenever anyone went to the toilet, which was by the glass partition, you were clearly visible from the room. Also the glass door did not reach the ceiling or floor and was not even flush to the other glass partitions. Lighting was impossible to work out in the dark with multiple combinations of lighting permutations so if you woke up in the night you ended up in a room resembling Blackpool illuminations. The decor of the room was quite modern and felt cold and unwelcoming. One part of our curtain was hanging off where the velcro had…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,avoid this hotel,as a diamond member with stays at many hiltons this hotel provided me with the worst experience for years. i was upgraded to a deluxe room which was very poor. the room was small with only a shower and not even an easy chair to sit on whilst relaxing . the bed was very small and the room very shabby. for a hotel of this type i expected much better.by comparison the waldorf edinburgh is a palace. the london waldorf lets the hilton brand down. one to avoid,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"Birthday treat for my wife. We have stayed at waldorf before and again it was a very enjoyable stay. Reception staff excellent. Nader guest manager very helpful and highly customer focused.  Room very good, bathroom large and well appointed.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
4974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4970-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,What's going on?,"Having stayed here before I thought I knew what to expect at the Waldorf! Relatively basic/small room but clean with good service!! How disappointed was I with the cleanliness of our room!! it was dusty and the dressing table was thick with dust with someone's flash eyelashes left there! The mini bar was dirty too - I was so disappointed! We paid £250 for one night, cleanliness should be key! Staff were pleasant and helpful, bar was good although we were told it was full and they tried to turn us away! When I said we were residents, we were allowed in!! Not sure we will be back! Housekeeping standards need to be improved! No turndown service either!",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Surprised....,and let down. Expected so much more but the location was great. Breakfast was served in a beautiful room but the service was poor on both mornings to clear our table we used the vacant table next to us to make room. To make a hot drink in our room this had to be carried out in what should have been the other half of the wardrobe hence little room for our clothes as the clothes half also housed an ironing board hair dryer and more.  The bar was slow to serve and the lounge area is a mass of mobile conversations and tapping of laptops. Happy to tick off the bucket list!!,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
4976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I have stayed in London numerous times in a variety of many hotels.  To put it mildly - the Waldorf Hilton was a huge disappointment.  My Hilton Gold level got me a room on the top floor, which could not be reached by an elevator.  The elevator takes you only as far as the seventh floor, and then you have to ascend a set of stairs to the eighth floor and then it seemed another half mile to the end of the top floor, to reach a room which (even by London standards) can only be described as very dated and fading. The room itself was spacious, but the closet space was hardly big enough to accommodate a suit and overcoat.  If this was an ""upgraded"" twin (as decribed by the receptionist), I would hate to see the standard room.   The hotel's location is absolutely fabulous - but don't…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing room,"I had originally booked to stay here with my wife the night before a conference nearby and was really looking forward to staying in this renowned hotel. Unfortunately my wife had to cancel her travel plans so I travelled alone, but was still excited to be staying here.   I had a very limited experience of the hotel staff, reception, bar, etc because I wanted to soak up the atmosphere of being in central London at Christmas time so spent very little time in the hotel, but everyone I encountered was pleasant and helpful.  The major downside for me was the size of the room and, in particular, the bed. It truly is the smallest double bed I've ever seen and I did spend time wondering exactly how two of us would have slept in there! At best, it's probably a large single and was a…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not impressed compared to my expectation,"This is a nice hotel in a great part of London. Two problems: service and room layout. Service was medium compared with what you would expect. I was unimpressed waiting and waiting to check in, since the staff was all engaged with someone who had a major beef with his bill. No turndown service, slow to clean the room, slow to get coffee at breakfast, no one to get us a taxi in the morning. The room layout was irritating. The normal rooms are very small, which is absolutely typical in downtown London. But then why use up half the closet space with a big ironing board (couldn't fit my suitcase in the remaining space). No drawer for your clothes besides the little one by the bed. Appreciated the coffee service, but it and the minibar took up a huge amount of scarce space. Terrible…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
4979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4975-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Could do better!,"We travelled for an overnight stay with a coach company. Having a Hilton Honors card may have contributed towards us having a very nice room on the 4th floor. The room and ensuite where well furnished with the usual tea/coffee facilities and complimentary toiletries. There were 2 wash basins in the bathroom with toiletries for each of us.  We had a guided tour of the hotel which was very interesting, and had a pre-dinner drink and an evening meal. VERY expensive, although the cocktail was good, the dinner was somewhat disappointing. We had to remind the waitress that we had ordered vegetables which arrived after we had started the meal The dining room was very cold and some guests were wearing jackets!  Breakfast is buffet style with plenty of choice, but eat it quick before it…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rubbish customer service,Having reserved a room earlier in the day I arrived at reception to be told the Hotel was full and I did not have a room. It was late  and I had been working all day . I was told another Hilton hotel had been booked for me which turned out to be further away from the office in which I was working the following day and of a lower quality. The explanation given by reception is that they hoped they had some no shows from the guests who had booked  .THis spells greed.They also said their customer services people would contact me. I am still waiting.,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our Special Occasion Continued ....,I booked the Waldorf as a special treat for my mum as she had been invited by Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall to a reception at St James's Palace in recognition of the voluntary work she does. The staff and hotel did not disappoint........ I booked us an Executive Room with access to the Executive Lounge as a special treat and as she had not stayed in this type of accomodation before  was absolutely delighted. The room was very spacious and contemporary in design and the staff in the Executive Lounge were very accomodating yet discreet. We ate in the Homage Grand Salon Restaurant which was a beautiful room and the food was very very good. We had the set menu (£25.00 for 3 course and a glass of sparkling wine) which was exceptional value for…,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Third Rate,"We decided to stay here because we had a dinner to go to nearby. When we arrived I had to search out someone to park the car, they were excellent.  What a mess in the lobby, it is dark and dingy. I was horrified when I saw the queue for checking but this soon thinned out.  The room, we had a suite on the fifth floor, it was spacious and airy but they were the good points. It was a soulless room. It did have an extra visitors toilet but this was something that could have been in a school changing room.  This is a tired hotel and urgently needs some loving attention.  It is very difficult when booking to find a standard. Do you go for the Savoy, with mind boggling prices, or go for somewhere like the Waldorf which badly needs an upgrade?  Customer service is so important, at the…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
4983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,In need of some TLC,"I have stayed at the Waldorf for nights every year at this time of year for the past 4 years. I was lucky enough to stay the previous weekend at Hilton Park Lane so I can make some current direct comparisons Arrival limited concerge service, they were short staffed and involved with valet parking. Reception was friendly and effcient, Room disappointing. We were at the front of the hotel and the secondary glazing glass was detached from the frame so I dare not touch it. We were on the second floor and heard the traffic all night. A part of the wardrobe woodwork was detached from the frame and laying against the wall. Room was a little tired and showing signs of wear and tear. There was only one bathrobe and I noticed the maid was next door so I asked her for a second bathrobe.…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
4984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4980-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,I've Never Been asked to Downgrade Before!,"Checked in to be advised that hotel overbooked and they would be asking me to downgrade to a standard room and accept wine, chocs, fruit and free wifi to make up for it. Not acceptable. Sorted it with some quiet diplomacy! Waldorf is brilliantly located in Theatre District close to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, etc etc etc. Old worldly charm, and a little frayed at the edges in places. Staff, however, are friendly and helpful. Food good, & nice bar ambience if you can get in. Room did not match those on the website in either style or appearance. No robes to get down to pool.  Being a Brit staying in London I was almost embarrassed by the hotel's failures which would no doubt be noticed by regular international travellers.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An Embarrassment,From the moment I pulled up outside the Waldorf I realised I was in for a bad experience.  I had a number of boxes with me and so asked for a trolley from the bellman.  He said that because there was a 'step' into the entrance he couldn't bring a trolley.  When I asked how wheelchair users were supposed to access this 'Luxury London Hotel' he then popped off right away and fetched a trolley. Next I asked to have my car valet parked as I was in a hurry.  I had checked online to see that this was offered.  I was then told this was only available for residents and as I was not staying it was not possible.  When I queried this he suggested I ask his boss if he could do it for me.  His boss turned out to be the incredibly surly concierge.  He is actually featured on the hotel's…,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
4986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,Arriving at the front door looking for the valet parking service was met by an over zealous traffic warden I had to do a circuit of aldwych/strand while sending my wife inside to summon help. This was the only way I could avoid the traffic warden for issuing a ticket so clearly a bad start. The check in attendant Ms Olsen was friendly welcoming and efficient. we were given room 307 which was perfectly clean well equipped with a bed that was extra firm. At 6:45 we attempted to enter the bar but was told that it was full and we could not stand by the bar so we proceeded to the bar at the Royal opera house which was fine. at 10:45 after the opera performance we arrived back at the hotel and again attempted to enter the bar and again was refused! When we asked where we could get a…,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
4987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Theatre's,"This hotel is surrounded by Theatres.  It is minutes from Covent Garden & Trafalgar Square. I stayed in an Executive room, which was a good size, but had no storage space to unpack a suitcase of any size other than for one or two days.  There is also no table suitable for in-room dining if there is more than one person staying.  The bedroom floor is partially carpeted, with the remainder laid to tile.  There is no under floor heating making the tiles very cold underfoot, and preventing the bedroom from heating.  Staying in winter, the room was permanently cold, especially the toilet cubicle which is located beside a floor to ceiling window, and is unacceptably cold.  The staff are incredibly helpful and polite, and Godrey's Bar, is the perfect location for pre-theatre drinks and…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
4988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great place to stay,This is a very nice hotel rooms are good size well equipped and traditional for the theatre it must be one of the best places to stay good restaurants close by good service staff very friendly and helpful and nice bar would stay again.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4985-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good: staff & food. Bad: room,"Very centrally located in theatreland & within easy walking distance of 2 tube stations.  Room was small, no bath, no mirror, temperamental shower, and iron was attached to tiny ironing board so impossible to use properly.   Not great for £209 a night. Shop around as you could do better.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
4990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton - great location,"Mine was a one night business stop.  upon check-in I was told i had been upgraded to an executive room which was nice.  i was then told there werent any executive rooms left!  so i was offered a suite which was even nicer.  I was then told there werent any prepared!  oh well, I was offered my original room or I could wait in the executive lounge with complimentary drinks for a suite.  i waited.  It took 45 minutes which was not ideal but the staff kept me updated, were apologetic and were very pleasant.   the suite was large and well appointed, the bed was very comfy but the lounge area was uncomfortable if spacious.  the furniture looked good but wasnt really for sitting in or on.    at the end of the day this is a decent hotel with a great name and a great location.  providing…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Five star? I don't think so,"The location is good, close to all the major sites. The public rooms are palatial. But the room we were first given, in what is called the annexe, had no windows. The air conditioning, vital in the circumstances, wasn't working. And, after it was agreed that it couldn't be repaired, we were moved to a room that was small but at least had windows. The hotel was busy, crowded and there were queues for everything. After staying here, we finally realised just how capacious the five star category is. This isn't a bad hotel, far from it. But it wouldn't be out of place in Las Vegas. It's more of a resort hotel that just happens to be in London.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
4992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The Waldorf Hilton,"stayed here for one night with two of my friends, wanted to treat them to a night at a top Hilton and it didn't disappoint! booked interconnected rooms so that we were able to go in and out of eachothers rooms... very good and friendly welcome, book in was very easy hassle free, room wasn't ready so was given access to the Exec Lounge ( we were booked into Exec rooms) so were quite happy to eat and drink until rooms were ready. The Exec Lounge was excellent with plenty of drinks and snacks available, very 'Gentleman's Club' decor though don't see this as negative as that's what you expect staying at the Waldorf which is in keeping with the hotel! Would give the Lounge 10/10, staff were super friendly and attentive. As it was my Birthday, i had a welcoming Happy Birthday cake…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
4993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay, Great Location, Great Staff","This is right next to trafalagar square and covent garden.  It is in a great, central location. We stayed on Hilton points and I had not stayed here before. Check in went great, they accommodated us with an early check in (arrived at 10am).  The lobby is small. I utilized the concierge a few times (make/cancel reservations, I left my phone there to be charged because I left my adapter at home). Overall, very helpful but the night crew were snooty and had a bit of an attitude. We stayed in room 117 and had no view (window faced the inside corridors facing other rooms), we were on the floor above the ground floor.  Breakfast was included in our rate: great value with full juices, coffee, tea, danish/toast/pancakes, eggs, bacon, sausage-the works.  The dining room is medium sized…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4990-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Short Stay Weekend Break to meet up with Daughter,"Used as base for short stay in London to meet up with daughter from Cardiff.  My wife and I travelling from Northern Ireland.  Last minute booking so probably why up in the 'Attic' rooms on 8th floor - lift only goes to the 7th.  However, rooms comfortable and clean and plenty of towels and toiletries as needed.  Our daughter had seperate romm which was also good and well presented - I think hers was a better layout than ours!!  We had breakfast included which was excellent.  The dining room bright and airy.  service excellent and food a good selection and plenty of it if you wanted.  Seperate additional a la carte if you wanted something more special at additional cost.  Good base for London.  Central. Not cheap but you get whatyou pay for.  Last minute booking helps reduce…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,overcharge for an extra room,"Not a great experience we had from right from the start.  In total we booked 8 bedrooms to stay on 23rd November 2012.  Reception could not find our last room even though we had paid one month in advance.  It took them 45mins to try and locate this room but without success.  Eventually, we had to pay for an extra room as it appeared that reception wasnt getting anywhere with our booking. To top it off our room was small and there was no privacy whatsoever, especially sharing a room with a colleague.  You literally could see through the toilet door and shower doors.  There was no full length mirror in the room which made it difficult sharing one.  Not worth paying for this room and definitely would not book again!",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
4996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Convenient location; Waldorf style,"Stayed here for one night and was quite pleased with the location of the hotel. Easily walkable to Covent Garden and the buzz that is there. As a native New Yorker, I found London pretty easy to get around on foot and didn't find a need to take the subway (although the metro was close by).   The rooms had an elegant charm to it. Unfortunately the layout of the hotel made it so that my room was quite far from the elevator banks. It was actually more convenient to take the stairs (not so pleasant if you are on a higher floor).",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
4997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great weekend location,Check-in was very efficient and room was upgraded. Checked-in early without any problems (3 hours early) when had expected just to drop off luggage. Room wasn't huge (never are in Central London and didn't expect it to be) but was stylish and modern. Great location for exploring London (Covent Garden tube is a 5-10 minute walk away). Breakfast on Sunday was busy at 10am and staff seamed very stretched - had to wait 10 minutes or so but this wasn't a problem. Convenient for theatre trips. Reception staff were great but I can't help but feel that restaurant staff need more training.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for theatreland,"Overall a lovely stay. Amazed how well sound proofed the windows were from the very busy and noisy street below. One gripe is that our room was clearly set up for a single (business) traveller which was less ideal for a couple - no door to the bathroom (though a door to the toilet) and no separate light for the loo, so a middle of the night comfort trip either had to be in complete darkness (great blackout blinds!) or by turning on a light and waking up the other half. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Location brilliant for theatres and Covent Garden area. For a central London location the room was a reasonable size. Would stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
4999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or4995-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel has a great location minutes from Covent Garden, easily walkable to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. The rooms are pretty small like most London Hotels and a double bed more the norm than king size. Bathrooms a bit tired and shabby. It was my birthday and they kindly put a cake in my room which was a nice touch.  Had a few drinks in the bar in the evening which was very classy and civilised although prices unsurprisingly are steep as is a high end hotel. Breakfast was ok albeit a little chaotic as it was very busy when we came down to eat. I would only recommend this property if you get a good price, it's not really worth shelling out top dollar for. ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,How London Waldorf Hilton ruined our Thanksgiving,"Hotel is nice but service is very poor.  If you don't expect concierge services and don't need assistance on reservations of any sort, this hotel is o.k.  Nice location.  But, if you do require help with theatre books, tours or dinner reservations or anything that requires a competent concierge, stay elsewhere.   Many staff didn't seem to understand London and many didn't speak or understand English very well which is quite odd for a concierge in England. Two members of staff told me that they were unaware of any tours to Paris. However, I discovered on my own that there are many daily day trips to Paris; trips that pick up right near this hotel.     As that goof was at the beginning of my trip, I thought perhaps it was an aberration and a few days later I called the desk and…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
5001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unforgettable lounge staff,I spent a weekend with3 my best friends at The Waldorf Hilton couple of weeks ago. From the first moment on we were treated with such a great hospitality. Rooms were very nice and comfortable. Breakfast was amazing and so delicious. Special thanks to Executive lounge staff Suzanne and Michaela. They made our stay very pleasant and definitely unforgettable. The hotel should be very proud and privileged to have such a great ladies working for them. Thank you once again for their great service to us.,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for theatres,"We stayed at the Waldorf for one night having booked an afternoon tea. The hotel is only a few hundred yards from Drury Lane (Shrek) and Lyceum Theatres (Lion King) and the Royal Opera House. Closer to the hotel are the Aldwych (Top Hat) and Novello (Mama Mia). A short walk takes you to Covent Garden and a little futher to Leicester Square. The Christmas decorations are up and add a lovely festive feel. Walking around we felt perfectly safe and never lost due to the excellent ""you are here"" street maps which are plentiful. In about 20 - 30 minutes you can walk to Trafalgar Square and The National Gallery, definitely worth a visit.  We dined in the Waldorf Homage restaurant which served very good food and the splendid Palm Court Room for breakfast. Breakfast was buffet style, all…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not Bad, Not Great","Spent three days at the Waldorf recently.  Overall, it was a nice place, but being the hotel snob that I am, I would not rush to go back.  So I will tell you the pros and cons.  PROS:  Location is great.  I used to stay in Mayfair, but int he past year or so have been stayingin the Covent Garden area and really love it.  Many good little restaurants, good shopping and my favofite- close to the theaters.  We were in a newly renovated room on the 4th floor.  The room was quite large- with a sitting area with a sofabed and bedroom area with king sized bed.  The bathroom wa also large.  We asked for a room facing thecourtyard, so it was very quiet.  we had access to the executive lounge and it was outstanding.  Roomy, comfortable, lovely service and very nice food and ammenities.   …",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5000-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay at the Waldorf!,"I recently stayed at the Waldorf Hilton and had an absolutely wonderful stay! The hotel is located in a fantastic neighborhood- 10-20 min. walk from major historical sites and also several minutes from theatres, cafes, restaurants, bistros, and the like. In terms of the hotel, the rooms were modern with full amenities. I received a complimentary upgrade to an execuctive level room with access to the lounge. This hotel has one of the finest lounges I've ever visited. Generous food/canapes/drinks with an intimate setting. I highly recommend the Waldorf!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,this hotel is in a perfect position for the theatres and attractions.  Lovely rooms and public areas. If possible I would upgrade to an executive room the extra's are worth it. staff very attentive without being overbearing  If you are looking for a nice restuarant I can recommend PJ's which is just around the corner form the hotel,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a London getaway,"I booked the hotel primarily for its location and I wasn't disappointed. We didn't use the tube all weekend as everywhere that we wanted to visit was local.  The staff at the hotel were brilliant and every request from more milk for drinks to a request to fix a broken lamp was dealt with efficiently and with a smile.  My weekend was a girlie shopping trip with a friend and our room was fitted with all the luxuries you expect at a higher end hotel, comfortable beds, squishy pillows, nice toiletries, dressing gown etc. on the down side the beds were very close together (we were in effect side by side) and the room and corridors are in need of a refresh (the lower floors seem to have been done already). Price for the weekend included full English breakfast which left us ready to…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Unbelievable customer service,"Left an iPad in the room and didn't realize it for one day...followed protocol and emailed lost and found. I received a response within hours(on a Sunday) that it had been found, was packed and they included a tracking number. Unbelievable. Their customer service is excellent anyways, but this was beyond what I could have hoped for.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Really nice, our 2d visit","Wend as HHonors Gold member and got the best service!  The executive lounge is really without peer for this sort of hotel amenity, both in terms of food and service. The tea service is especially memorable and staff goes out of its way to bring you whatever you'd like for breakfast, although the buffet is plenty big.  The updated rooms are really nice and the bathrooms and as 21st century tasteful as the Ritz Carltons were last century.   Its not the most exclusive hotel, given the guests milling about, but for a really good stay in an ideal location, it was a terrific hotel.  The hotel gym, LA Fitness, could use some updating though.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5005-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thearteland Heaven!,"We stayed at The Waldorf for two main reasons. We wanted to do some shopping in the West End during the day and in the evening go to watch Body Guard at the theatre. It was an excellent choice!   The Waldorf is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are spacious and luxurious and amazingly quiet considering the location and the number of guests in the hotel. I guess the carpets in the corridors are very thick to cope with the traffic!   I can thoroughly recommend this hotel for a shopping or thearteland trip. Great access to shop s, theatres and restaurants. No need for taxis.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Average, could do better","We stayed here for a special weekend as my husband has signed up for one of their premium packages offering discounts etc during the year.  Overall we were disappointed.  The hotel is fine and our room on the 7th floor was clean and comfortable but there was nothing positive to mark it out against the many 'corporate' hotels I have stayed in with work etc. Unfortunately the service we received really let the hotel down from being ignored at reception whilst checking in, not having a room available at 2.45pm then after us complaining for a while suddenly 'finding' one, poor service in the bar and very mediocre food in the bar (we wanted something to eat post-theatre, my caesar salad was swimming in dressing and practically inedible - I mentioned this as plates were cleared and…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Exquisite meal on a deal!,"We booked a LivingSocial deal for two with champagne cocktail.  This included a three course meal as well as the champagne cocktail of the day.  We booked two couples separately.  I emailed the hotel and asked if we could combine the two bookings for a table of four,  they couldn't have been more helpful, asking for any specific dining requirements and confirming up booking quickly.  We booked on a Friday evening.  The dining room (Grand Homage) is impressive and stylish.  One of our diners was vegetarian and was immediately offered a choice of alternative choices from the three course set menu in case the one veg option didn't appeal.  This type of flexibility was very welcomed and we took their offer, opting for a Goats Cheese and Pumpkin main course.  All the meals looked…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It's more Hilton than Waldorf and more standard than 'deluxe',"A very good first stay at this hotel. An excellent location for Covent Garden, Theatres etc. We booked a Queen Deluxe (room 242) - I am not sure what determined the 'deluxe' description - it was a very nice standard room with a comfortable large bed with lovely pillows, a desk, flat screen TV and ample wardrobe. No settee or sitting area but perfectly adequate for the time we spent in it.  We also got bathrobes (perhaps this is the deluxe bit?) and they were very nice as long as you are no bigger than a size 14/16! The Shower (no bath) was good and roomy (but a few stray hairs let the cleanliness down) though the lay out of the room meant that the glass (frosted) sliding doors of the toilet/shower were on one side of the bed - this did not afford a great deal of privacy and some…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Like an ageing Hollywood star.Sad and not a patch on it's heyday,Overpriced and fading.Bathroom fittings in major need of overhaul.In-room hospitalities eg tea/coffee/biscuits paltry.Bottled water with price tags miserly. In-House Adult Movie promotion tacky.Decor naff.Wardrobes inadequate. Don't even start me on the Breakfast Buffet.Broken toaster.Empty hot food trays making it impossible to eat more than two items at a time.......additional charge for basic cooked to order dishes.At £220 per night I will never re-visit.,Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5010-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"We stayed here for a Sunday night for our anniversary.  We had an executive room with access to the bar which was very well presented and a good selection. Our executive room was large and modern and spotless.  However, on returning from dinner, we discovered that there was a wedding on and we could hear the music from the disco and it was loud enough to sing along to!  On phoning reception they told us that this would continue until midnight!  This was supposed to be a relaxing break, so we werent impressed!  However, when I asked what could be done, the staff were very professional and moved us to a suite on one of the top floors!  Wow is was huge!!  Breakfast had a big selection of items although we noticed that it wasnt kept topped up that well.  We also had the afternoon…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wow what a fantastic stay in an iconic London hotel,"Just stayed at The Waldorf on Saturday night with my husband. We were bringing clients to London for a special weekend and wanting a real WOW hotel, and thats we got. From the moment we arrived at check in the staff were amazing, always there in the back ground to check if everything was ok. We were allocated a refurbished rooms and they were fabulous. It's the little touches with this hotel that just oozes class, from the robes and fruit in the room to the little china tea pot with the abundance of teas and coffees sachets so you could enjoy a lovely pot of tea in your room both in the evening and the morning, not like other hotels where you get the minimum 1 sachet of tea each!!!The rooms were so quiet considering the location of this hotel we never heard anything on Sunday…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay with Waldorf Hilton London - Awesome Location,"We stayed at the London Waldorf Hilton last week of Oct 2012.  We really liked this hotel!  We had the Exe room with Exe lounge access.  Love the Exe Lounge food and drinks! The location is superb!! In the theater district with tons of shops and places to eat.  Covent Garden is around the corner. Hotel Staff was excellant.  The doormen were especially helpful.  They would get us taxis, umbrellas, and directions. We will stay here again when in London.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Attending a wedding,"This is not a normal review as we were staying in the hotel because our friends were getting married there. We had a standard queen room on the first floor, which was bright and modern, with a view over the glass roof at the bottom of the inner courtyard. Everything in the room was fine, although we are used to sleeping in a king-size bed, so the bed felt a little small. As part of the wedding package all the guests had a private breakfast together, the food was great, but as it was a private buffet we can't review the normal hotel breakfast. We also had a room service meal which was perfect, and delivered quickly.  We did have some issues though, but they are unlikely to affect normal hotel guests. Our allocated room was not available at the promised time, which did not impress…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic staff - Savoy plus standard,A wonderful birthday weekend . Arrived a little early but room quickly found. Very comfortable bed. Suggest get a high floor if possible. Daniel Hubbard was such a helpfully greeter and made sure everything was organised for us throughout the weekend. The food in the restaurant was some of the best we've had in London hotel and we normally stay at the Savoy . The Yarg souffle is to die for. try the chicken with lobster ravioli. Restaurant staff were not phased at increasing table from 2 to 5  on a Saturday evening at short notice and were so attentive throughout despite having a busy restaurant. Service at breakfast was again of a very high standard Usually checking out in London is a pain. Not here .Car arrived in 10 minutes ( takes 45 at the Savoy) Daniel had bags waiting.…,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5015-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, great location","Just stayed for one night, free with Hilton Honors including breakfast and an upgrade to a refurbished room because I am a gold member.  What could be better than that?  Nice room thohgh difficult to get the temperature right.  Great bar where we managed to spend a lot but very relaxing.  Staff were all friendly and professional.  Breakfast buffet was good but to be honest I've had fresher food staying in a B&B.  However as a freebie, it was a lovely stay.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrific,"Not our normal style of hotel when visiting London but used the Hilton Points and can't say enough about this lovely hotel. We were upgraded to a premium  queen room.  Tons of space, beautifully clean and quiet (courtyard room).  Best location ever!  would highly recommend for business or pleasure!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Iconic stay !,Simlpy one of the best location for your business or leisure weekend in London. Waldorf is 5 min from covent garden and all musicals are around the corner. Rooms could be not so large but so far i go all the time upgrade so really satisfied about it.,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,fabulous hotel,"I have just returned from a 2 day stay at the Waldorf, from the concierge collecting our bags from the taxi to putting them back in on our departure we could not fault the hotel. it was extremely clean and the staff lovely. the breakfast was exceptional and plenty of variety. on leaving my husband left his glasses in the bedside table but upon calling the hotel they arrived by special delivery to our home the very next day - fantastic service. if i had a down side i would say that the hotel drinks were extortionate - 4 glasses of wine £33.80!! would definitely go back",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Most expensive, Most dissapointing","We stayed at 7 Hiltons during our Europe trip. This one was the most expensive and by far our least favorite. Upon Check-in, as Gold Honors, I asked about upgrade. The woman at front desk answered in a brusque manner that none were available. When I then inquired about Executive lounge, I was told, (in the same manner) we would not have access because we were not Diamond.   Now, I understand this is hotel policy...however, it could have been explained in a polite and pleasant way. It was not. The location of the hotel is great, right around from Covent Garden and close to theaters. The room was just okay, for 508.35 USD per night. Even though we are now Honors Diamond, we would not stay here again",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5020-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average rooms","The hotel lobby is impressive and it really resonates as one of London's iconic hotels. The staff were helpful. The tea dance was great to watch. The cocktail bar there served some great cocktails and the service was very good. The rooms were a bit basic. They were nice but fell short of the grand ness of the rest of the hotel. The only real negative was that the bathroom was a frosted glass wall opposite the bed with a door that does not seal around the edge so make sure you are quite relaxed with whoever you are travelling with! Location was great and just 1 min walk from the legendary Delauney which is in the top 10 places for breakfast in London. Very close to the shows, covent garden etc. Concierge was very helpful. We had a last minute deal. I think I might have been…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for business travel,"Stayed here for a week for work and can only good things (with one small caution):  The Good: -Well-appointed, quiet rooms -Excellent amenities -I had the basic room and it was larger than other rooms I had in London -Very nice bathroom -Comfy bed -Location is near great restaurants, theaters, bars, shops  The Not As Good -I took the overnight flight and booked my check in for the same day as my overnight flight (to ensure that I would have a room when I checked in very early in the morning). The front desk had assumed that I wasn't arriving (since I was technically checking in late) even though I had called to confirm that they would hold the room. There was a little bit of confusion and tense moment when I thought that I would need to wait to check in until later in the day.…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, Perfect neighborhood",I stayed here with my husband in May. It was a soft place to land after a busy day of  sightseeing. Beautiful room in just the right neighborhood. We were lucky to get the room for a good price on Priceline.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Elegant luxury,"Our room was great, we booked a standard room and found ourselves with a gigantic bed, a lounge area complete with complimentary fruit, we upgraded to make use of the Executive Lounge (buffet style afternoon tea was good) and also stopped off at the cocktail bar which we have returned to since just for drinks after a show. This isn't a cheap option (where in London is?) but it is luxurious and a little piece of 'old school' London, can't wait to stay again! ",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
5028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Special event,"We are sitting in the exceptional executive lounge on our first evening at the Waldorf Hilton.  A lovely property, extremely conveniently located.  This evening is something of a special event.  The entire management team is circulating among guests introducing themselves and extending a very special welcome.  So far three of the staff, including the hotel's general manager, have stopped by our table to visit.  Normally the Hilton staff, always friendly and helpful, remain somewhat nameless and faceless, serving behind counters.  This is a wonderful way to personalize our stay.  We are extremely grateful for the hospitality!!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5025-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,yes its TRUE - there are SMOKING ROOMS,my other half smokes so to find a REAL london quality hotel that still has smoking rooms available is truly wonderful - thats was more than enough for her - the rest of hotel is immaculate & yes as its a 5* hotel the staff are excellent. Only disappointment - no DRAUGHT beers in the bar - all bottled - 1st time we've ever had that in a hotel !,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"I booked this break for two rooms as a joint birthday celebration for my partners birthday and my sisters 50th birthday. A theatre break weekend at what i believed to be a TOP 5* hotel, this is by no means a 5* hotel ! We have stayed at a lot of Hilton hotels and are Hilton Hhonors members but we will not re-visit this hotel.  Our room was more like 3* standard, with only a double bed as the room was not really big enough for anything bigger, a brick wall view and a bathroom that simply seemed out of place ! and to top it off somebody came into our bedroom  without knocking on the Sunday morning ! to be fair the staff/manager were very apologetic about this and knew which maid's card had been used to open the door, and did offer us free parking as a gesture of goodwill.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf London,"We went on a Theatre Break and thought we would treat ourselves and stop at the Waldorf. What a disappointment I have stopped in better 3 star hotels. The rooms were small guessing because it was a theatre break you get the worst rooms available. There was no curtains up just voils,  the shower let water come through the bottom of the door causing the bathroom to flood, I actually slipped on the wet floor. The TV had been put on the wall to low so you could not move the bracket because of the cupboard underneath. There was no mirrow in the room only the bathroom, unless you count a hand mirrow in the cupboard with the stainless steel cup and saucer. All in all I would not go back there you can find better hotels in London for your Money, in my opinion some of the cheaper hotels…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
5032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Central & sophisticated,"We took an executive frontal suite, which was superb: roomy, comfortable & well furnished, with extra-large bed. Full marks. At our upper level, there was no invasive noise from traffic below, in fact it was pleasing to watch the activity. The executive lounge facilities were worth the extra cost; quiet and discreet with constant hot & cold buffet food in the evening, alongside a range of good licor. The buffet breakfast was perfect, offering a perfect spread in comfortable surroundings. Every member of staff gave perfect and attentive service - including the doorman. The staff were impeccable, mostly East European. Specially recommend the cocktail bar staff, food & service.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,3 star!,Tired hotel with poor breakfast service. Don't confuse this with a Waldorf Astoria Swimming pool looks as though it may collapse at any moment. If it wasn't for the location it would have little going for it. Next time I will try the Hilton London bridge,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
5034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5030-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great central location,"Selected for its central locations we walked London's sites from end to end. Great stay with comfortable nice size room modernized with all the usual fittings. Breakfast buffet was very good and worth the upgrade. Room was at the rear of the hotel on 4th floor and was very quiet. I could imagine the street front rooms are very noisy from the buses that queue up outside the hotel. We did not use the bar or restaurant as they are far more interesting locations outside to explore, although it certainly looked nice and was well frequented by other guests.  Only negatives were having to pay of internet and surprisingly rather impolite doorman. Not enough to warrant any great drop in points. Would definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a good central location.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely as usual,Had a great stay wife my wife in an executive room. The lounge is a lovely bonus. Dinner in the restaurant was great. Can't fault our stay. The staff were very helpful. We asked to have our champagne in our room which they were happy to do and brought an ice bucket and 2 chilled glasses. Oh best club sandwich from room service. Yes it's a little expensive but hey it's a treat. Would recommend to anyone,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, hotel good but not amazing",While the hotel was very nice and the staff friendly there were a few slightly disappointing aspects to our stay.  The room was quite small but had been recently refurbished so was well appointed however the shower screen is a bit short so the floor got soaked. Also the table in the room was a bit dusty and we had to wait over an hour for our bags to be brought to the room (which we would have been happy to bring ourselves).  That said we would stay here again.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very pleasantly surprised..........,"After reading many reviews as per on here, we were a little apprehensive before staying.  Our stay was brilliant.  The hotel is in central London in theatre land, and having stayed in places before you get teeny tiny rooms, ours here was huge in comparison, and the bed was divine.    We did pay the tiny upgrade fee to get an executive room, and got the free use of the lounge too.  I would recommend to anyone staying at Hilton upgrade you save a fortune on drinks, afternoon tea, and canapés.  The staff were all super friendly and chatty, the food faultless, and the surroundings clean and presentable, not wow factor, but then you are not paying wow factor prices.  For the price it is brilliant.  if you were expecting the Ritz or Savoy Hotel paying twice the price (plus) and stay…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent luxury hotel in prime location,We were lucky enough to be offered a discounted upgrade to allow executive access and the standard of accommodation and facilities were superb. The hotel is ideally located for all tourist attractions. ,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5035-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,waldorf london,"We stayed at the waldorf on Saturday the 3rd Nov. one of the rooms was not ready on time which I find unacceptable as the check in time is 3 oclock,although we were offered a complimentary beer for the inconvenience. We had an upgraded room which was average at best, small, loose floor tiles and a blocked shower drain so the water ran out into the bathroom. The staff were very good and friendly on a positive side. The hotel is very pricey even by London standards with 2 drinks being around £20. A good location for theatre land.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Early Dining,"We had the set menu deal at Homage Grand Salon.  Food was excellent and the staff obliging, not always the case on the set meal deals.  Atmosphere was excellent too.  Only down side to the ambience was a mass horde doing a wine tasting promo which clogged up the foyer.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,wonderful stay..great location,Everything about this hotel is positive...location..accomadations...personal.. etc. The executive lounge and executive rooms are wonderful.All of the personal in the executive lounge go out of their way to make sure you have what you need..particullary Yrenis Perez.This hotel makes traveling worth while.I would return in a heart beat.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Trip to London 03.11.12,We are not regular visitors to London however we do stay in some great 5* hotels and I'm confused how the Waldorf has more than 3*s the building itself is fantastic and the staff appeared very friendly and professional. However the room was very small with a huge empty bathroom it really could of done with a separate shower as well as the child size bath. We had a great night out in town and returned back to the hotel around 3.am so we were very disappointed to be woken by what I can only describe as house keeping playing dodgems with the hoovers at 9.am and then to go downstairs for breakfast only to find a que of 10 couples in front of us waiting to be seated for breakfast due to time constraints we had to skip breakfast and head to the train.,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"What a tired, disappointing property","My wife and I spent the weekend at the Hilton Waldorf London hotel, and what a disappointment it turned out to be.  The whole hotel is a maze of rabbit-like corridors, which is characteristic of many London buildings of the period.  Our room, on the sixth floor, might generously be described as ‘petite’ and featured a very small window, resulting in a very dark room.  There had clearly been water damage behind the plaster at some point, and rather than repair it properly, they’ve just painted over the damage and left the warped walls visible.  The bathroom was the biggest disappointment, featuring a combination bath/shower that wouldn’t be out of place at a local B&Q.  The last time I’ve seen a toilet in the same style was in my university dorm room.  And the entire bathroom had…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
5044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5040-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location for theatres,"We stayed here for our visit to see War Horse at the New London theatre, which was approximately a 5 minute walk. Covent Garden is just a couple of minutes away, as is Waterloo Bridge and the National theatre. The building is beautiful and has a swimming pool and an LA fitness gym accessible from within the hotel.  On arrival at the hotel at noon we were told our room was ready and were allowed to check in. Unfortunately the room was a double and not a twin as we'd requested. As we approached reception and before i said anything, the receptionist said ""the room is too small?"". She was right. If we had have booked a double I would have been disappointed with the size. Eventually we got our twin room, but it took over an hour before we got our bags delivered. There were no bath…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Decided to stay at this hotel as a weekend away in london, stayed in alot of nice hotels but this is not a 5 star hotel, rooms look tired, no turn down surface, had to wait 20 mins at breakfast for a coffee and tea, for the money there are far better hotels with far better quality and service for a cheaper price. That said location for theatre land and Covent garden ect is excellent.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
5046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,The most poorly run Hilton I've visited!,"Arrived at the hotel at 2pm to check in and was told the room wasn't ready,  and to come back at 3pm.  I thought ok, will go to lunch and see if I can get tickets to see Top Hat next door.  I returned to the hotel at approximately 315, still no room! The desk gave my wife and I a drinks voucher.  Finally got keys to the room at 345.  The hotel think it is totally acceptable to not have the room available on time.   My impression was that as I was paying for my room with points, I am not a priority.  Wonder how I managed to build the points?  Maybe by being loyal to the Hilton brand, perhaps?   The hotel totally lacked attention to detail, even getting my name wrong! I explained how disappointed I was to the Guest Relations Manager and he was very apologetic and gave my wife and…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
5047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Frequent visitors,"We keep coming back, quite simply because we love good food and The Waldorf never fail to deliver, check in can be busy at times and don't really appreciate queuing but staff are friendly and helpful, we always upgrade to executive package,great value and always makes our visit that much better, the rooms are very nice have varied from loving it to thinking its ok, bar and restaurant are both lovely with a great atmosphere and I alway feel thoroughly spoilt!",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable weekend stay but a few niggles,"Two of us stayed on Saturday 27th October until Sunday for my birthday treat.  We booked online, direct from the hotel website for a package they called the 25th Hour (which included dinner and breakfast and was £250).  The website was not overly detailed about describing this offer and I had to call to ask what the 'dinner included' was all about.  I was told that it was dinner from the set menu in the Homage Salon (as opposed to a credit for a set amount).  All was fine so went ahead and booked.  Also, we requested an upgrade to a 'newly refurbished room' for £25 extra.  We arrived early- got valet parking (£49 for 24 hours- although they do use discretion and allow you to park a little longer than that after you check out!).  Bit tricky with the car as there is no pull-in to…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5045-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay!,"When in London, always use this fabulous hotel. Although not cheap, it is centrally located in Aldwych close to Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Theatreland and West End. Rooms are always clean and linen soft and plentiful. The beds are cosy and comfortable with an excellent nights sleep guaranteed. All the usual Hilton amenties are available and the staff are attentative and welcoming at check-in and check-out with no complaints. Buffet breakfast is plentiful with hot and cold choices, cereals, fresh fruit, sliced meat / cheese and endless tea and coffee if required.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Rather Disappointing 50th Birthday Surprise,"I expected a better service from this hotel than was received, especially at the prices they charge!  My husband booked the both of us on b&b basis at this hotel 19-21 October inclusive as my 'surprise' 50th birthday present.  Check in time was stated as from 3.00pm onwards.  Our timing from leaving Aberdeen (flight & tube) to arriving at the hotel could not have been better as we arrived just after 3.00pm.  We were advised that there was no room available and it would be at least 50 minutes before there was one.  My husband asked where we could go and get a coffee as he was gasping for one as we had just flown down from Aberdeen and also been on the tube for the last hour.  We were pointed in the direction of Good Godfrey's bar with not even an offer of an apology or a…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good location, shame about the prices","I organised a weekend away to celebrate my Wife’s birthday and to see the Lion King at the Lyceum. The hotel is in a great location, our Queen Deluxe room was very comfortable and the porters were extremely helpful, but that’s probably the only positive things I can say about the hotel.  We booked 3 nights and when we arrived just before 3pm on the Friday afternoon we were told it would be another 45 minutes before our room would be ready, so we decided to adjourn to the bar. I had a Rum & Coke and my Wife had a coffee - with a mandatory service charge the bill came to £18.50! When we were eventually given a room they had completely ignored my HH Honours preferences and gave us a room on the 1st floor right beside the 3 lifts. The room did not have a queen size bed, even though…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nothing really special for the price,"Great loaction, helpful concierge and friendly staff. Room nothing special at all, would be an average 3 star hotel in any other city.  Robes and slippers were a nice tough but the bed was incredibly small.  My partner did comment that the pillows were the comfiest he had ever had though! Breakfast was very poor, cold food and the tables pushed so close together that your converstaion was overheard by all. Bill was £290 for one night and breakfast, plus we had to pay extra for wifi as well!  You would think at those prices you would get that for free but obviously not here!   Not worth the price but I'm assuming this is normal for a central london location.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very dissapointed,"my friend and i were looking forward to my birthday treat. a luxory weekend at the wardolf.. it was very disspointing..the room wasnt ready on arrival and my dissabled friend struggled as there was no help to carry the bags to the average room..sho0uld have been robes and slippers...""none?""the evening meal was second rate,my steak inedible very grizzley.the location is good...but would say should be 3 star!!",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5050-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It IS the Waldorf after all!,"This place is dazzling but the crown jewel is the staff: polite and courteous they are beyond attentive yet discreet. The amazing decor particularly in the intimate bar and beautiful restaurant may not extend to the 'part of the Hilton chain' rooms but even these are fabulously clean and comfy. Yes extra (breakfast, water etc) are premium but come on darling, it IS the Waldorf! Damn good cocktail too",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average rooms","Perfectly located for the theatre district and for shopping. Rooms are rather small for the class of hotel, and in need of a refresh. Wide variety of food for breakfast with a good choice of a la carte options. Service in godfrey's (the cocktail bar) a little slow at times, but the taste is worth the wait. ",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average hotel in great location,"We stayed here a few years ago and again beginning of October for our wedding anniversary.  Both times we were disappointed with the reception staff especially and found them to be rude and unhelpful.  Our room was not ready when we arrived at 1.45pm so we walked a few minutes to Covent Garden.  The location is fantastic, very central and close to the tube and river.  We returned at 3.15pm, collected our cases and went to our room which was on the 3rd floor.  We were at the back of the hotel which was great because there was no outside sound at all so we had a good nights sleep, there was no noise either from other rooms.  A cake arrived within 10 minutes wishing us a happy anniversary which was a nice touch.  The room was modern and comfortable with bathrobes, slippers,…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent front of house team,"A great experience made all the better by an incredible front of house team that were amongst the best I have yet to encounter.   We arrived at a manic, busy  front entrance, car laden, where the doorman remained unflustered amongst the Saturday night melee and took it to be valet parked. The beautiful lobby area was subsequently enhanced by a great reception duo who set the scene to a great stay.   The 2nd floor room was 'compact and bijou', albeit well laid out and finished and what one would expect for a top-end central London hotel. The bed was firm, but comfortable and everything clean and well presented.  The only criticism would be the frosted bathroom door (as mentioned in other reviews) that left little privacy for those otherwise intimately acquainted with their…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel!,"My wife and I stayed two nights at the Waldorf in October, 2012. We loved it! Great location in the west side, near Covent Garden.Easy walk to almost everything. Very personalized service. Nice touches such as juice at check-in served in champagne glasses. We mentioned that it was our fortieth anniversary and they immediately upgraded us to a suite which was beautiful. We were using Hilton Honors points, so we had access to the Executive Lounge (appetizers and drinks) and a free breakfast every morning. When we returned to the hotel that evening, there was a cake with anniversity greetings on it in our room! Wonderful staff, personalized service, beautiful hotel, great location- what more could you want!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5055-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful hotel and service in a great, convenient location","We just spent 4 nights on a Hilton Honors award stay as Hilton diamond members. We were greeted warmly by the Waldorf Hilton and upgraded from a queen room to an executive king. We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room--including a couch and two chairs and a large bath--plenty of room to stretch out. In the room were robes, slippers and nice Roth bath amenities. We were given access to the Executive Lounge where breakfast, afternoon tea, and canapes and drinks are served during the day. We were also allowed to have our breakfast in the homage restaurant where, in addition to a larger buffet, you could order an omelet. I preferred breakfast in the Executive Lounge for the intimate feel. the lounge also had a computer and newspapers. We also had dinner in the Homage…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel good staff,First class hotel rooms very nice and Amilton on reception was really friendly. Only issue was we waited 10 minutes to get breakfast and the drinks in the bar are expensive. Would definitely stay again when in London.  ,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Upon arrival at The Waldorf, we were welcomed by friendly and efficient staff. The reception area was stunning, beautiful chandeliers and marble everywhere, just as you would expect.   Our room was on the 6th floor and it was lovely. Clean, comfortable and well equipped. My only gripe was that the bathroom door was frosted glass which meant there was very little privacy in the bathroom...fine if you are with your spouse but even so I don't think a solid door is too much to ask?! Noise from the traffic was minute.   Bathrobes and slippers were provided but as we were only staying for one night we didn't need to use them. Unfortunately I didn't get to sleep for a while due to the room temperature (was very hot) but thankfully I was able to turn the air conditioning on and it soon…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Just fabulous,"We recently stayed  four nights, there was a problem with our room initially, but we were upgraded to a deluxe room which we could not fault. Bed was very comfortable, furnishings were stylish, bathroom large with oversized tub. Breakfast was amazing, in fact I shall say the best Hilton breakfast yet, and I've had a few. As diamond members we were able to access the executive lounge, this was very busy on the first evening and didn't appear to be large enough, also I found the seating to be uncomfortable there especially for a short person, and this is my only criticism. The hotel is ideally situated centrally,  the nearest station being Covent Garden only five minutes walk.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Ok older hotel. Opened in 1907.  My room was small, very small but nice. The staff was very professional. The location was excellent with a brisk walk - 20 minutes to Buckingham Palace through wonderful vibrant neighborhoods. So much to see and experience. Cost to quality - location this is a WInner!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5060-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable,"I have stayed at this hotel several times in my trips to London. It has a comfortable location and the hotel service is amazing. Rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable. Definitely a nice place to stay while in London.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay and responsive management,"I stayed for two nights on the tail end of a weeklong trip to Europe.    I purchased my room on the net at a great rate.   The room I was assigned initially was a bit of a design mishmash.  The lighting was so so, and the shower wall ( frosted glass) faced the bedside......so no night lights were possible.   The room had a bit of a stench, and i asked for a reassignment.    Without any quibble or argument, management assured me that they would move me, and they did in quick fashion to a lovely room.  very comfortable bed, nice linens, great pillows, and quiet environment.     Room servicing was unobtrusive and reliable.    The bathroom was large, the shower strong, and sink storage sufficient.    All in, a very nice stay, at a nice hotel.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea and Tour,"The is sold as afternoon tea and a tour of the hotel, but on arrival we were sent straight for the tea.  Asked about the tour and was told this would be sorted out.  The afternoon tea wasn't anything to be impressed with and felt like being on a conveyer belt.  After tea we again asked about the tour (which is part of the price) and was told 'no tour, its now late and you can't have it'. Reminded that the time was confirmed with them and was simply told 'no tour' and shown the door.  Totally unimpressed, especially when I emailed several times to find out why they sell a tour that doesn't take place and the they wouldn't even reply. Disgusted, don't book it, this is a rip-off.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
5067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good service, great value","We stayed for a long weekend for my wife's 50th. unfortunately we were unable to book a room with a bath either on line or by phone. However we did, with Hamilton's help, end up with a room with a bath.  The room was good, the service was great, the hotel's location was perfect for great access to Covent Garden, the London Eye, Waterloo, the British Museum etc.  All the staff were helpful and informative. The deal was great value as the hotel standards were high. The hotel was very busy and were also holding an external event i.e. Virgins Wines which made the front lounge very full.   We loved the breakfast service including the table management and the friendly staff.  Overall our experience was very good and given the price deal was very good. We are planning another stay.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Utterly disappointed.,"I used to love the Waldorf at the Aldwych, London. It was elegant and dripped charm. The Palm Court was the epitome of style with its plants, sofas and garden atmosphere. I went on 13 October 2012 and could not believe my eyes. I felt I was in a shopping centre cafe. It souless, physically cold and 100% disappointing. If you want to feel special, go somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
5069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5065-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,An okay 5 star.,"Only stayed one night B&B. Found staff more than friendly in all area's. Room wasn't ready(no problem)offered a glass of champers with our afternoon tea because of,and gladly taken, Afternoon tea was much as one would expect,not disappointed in anyway,but not outstanding in anyway either. Room was okay,a bit on the small side. Made up for by having a large bathroom.All very comfortable,all amentities on offer in the room. Public reception rooms are very nice.Homage room looking a bit tired in parts. Overall would still recommend this hotel for its locality and overall standards.  Just one note for housekeeper.Main Light in room(18 mini shades)all covered in dust.Not expecting this in 5 star establishment?",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Romantic get away,Spent 4 nights here. Part of a romantic birthday surprise for my husband. Room was  little too modern for my liking - but neverteless spotless and beautifully designed. Very convieniet for our night out at Sadler Wells Ballet.,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable weekend break,"My Wife Wendy and I stayed at The Waldorf Hilton Hotel for 3 nights from 5th to 8th October to celebrate Wendy's 65th Birthday, we were given Room 304 which was a beautiful room, with superb amenities. The bed was very comfortable. I loved the framed portraits of Marlene Dietritch on the walls including one in the bathroom! The Homage Grand Salon where we had breakfast each morning was a true delight, the decor and the selection of food was out of this world, the staff were so friendly. We also went to the Novello Theatre to see Mamma Mia which was fantastic and will be in our memories for ever. It was so good to be able to come out of the the theatre and walk a few yards and be back in our hotel room. As I have a mobility problem and use a wheeled walking frame and at times a…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"Lovely Hotel with fantastic service nothing to much trouble. We had a excecutive room and paid extra for the lounge which was well worth it.  You can use this room untill eleven o'clock at night in the morning it does a continental breakfast , then biscuits and coffee or soft drinks, afternoon teacomplete with scones and cream,pre dinner drinks including spirits. With London prices this is a must.  We  arrived early and our luggage was looked after by the reception and delivered to our room, a long with a lovely cake for our Ruby Wedding Anniversary. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great Place to Stay!,"We recently visited London and had the opportunity to stay at the Waldorf Hilton.  It's near to restaurants and great attractions while in London.  It was within walking distance of the London Eye, The Tower of London and all of the London Theaters.  As well, it's a short walk from the tube station in case you want to venture out further.  Our room was comfortable and the breakfast buffet was very tasty.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5070-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed one night on my HHonour points as we were going to the theatre. The hotel is a lovely art deco hotel that has been cleverly modernised to maintain its character. The lobby and reception are a wonderful welcome to the hotel. Staff very friendly .The rooms are spacious for a central London hotel. The interior design combines very modern with old - bathrooms a bit tired though.  The room though was comfortable and we had a lovely bed and my judge of a hotel quality is how well I slept -would give a 10/10 for bed comfort. We used the hotel bar and homage restaurant fro pre theatre dinner which I would highly recommend, good food, ambience and again friendly and obliging staff throughout.  All in all a great taste of the past and would recommend to anyone for a weekend break,…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! Great weekend in London!,"We stayed at the hotel from 5-7 October 2012 for my girlfriends birthday. We checked in quickly with absolutely no issues at all and the staff were really helpful.   We were given a newly refurbished Queen room which was amazing - really impressed when we walked in. Also there was a cake on the desk with a message 'enjoy the show' as I had previously informed the hotel that we were going to a show on the Sat night! A really nice touch that made it extra special!  The bathroom was clean and decorated really nice as was the room in general!  We had breakfast and this was great, loads of choice and tasted goood.   Only slight issue is that housekeeping knocked on the door 3 times on Sunday morning between 9am - 11am, not sure why, I suppose really eager to clean the room! …",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average -  disappointing as a '5 star' hotel,"Took my daughter as a last minute treat - I booked this hotel as it has a swimming pool which is unusual for London.  Paid £234 for a standard room with breakfast included, not cheap but decent price for a 5* London hotel.  On arrival with my daughter we were sent to a room on the first floor where the corridor reeked of cigarette smoke.  The room itself had a large window which was almost completely filled with a vast aluminium extractor pipe - almost within touching distance, and the back of a fire escape - the stuff of nightmares for my 10 year old!  We returned to reception who seemed surprised that the view was not to our liking, but apologised for the smell of cigarettes.  We were being told another room might be ready - 'later' - with no idea when (we had a dinner booking…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ok stay,We husband and I went to the Paralympics. The hotel was well situated to the underground. The prices for the weekend were as average as any hotel! Large modernised clean room and en-suite! Got their a bit early and were able to get into our room without any problem.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend Wardolf,"Spent 2 nights with my husband and two 14 year old children in 2 rooms on the 5th and 6th October for My 50 th birthday weekend.The  rooms were great, situated next to each other, they were modern, comfortable and had every amenity possible.There was a lovely little ""happy birthday"" cake waiting for me went we arrived and the check in staff could not have been more helpful, had a fantastic weekend out and about in London and enjoyed our stay immensely at the Wardolf. Thankyou.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
5079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5075-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location for Theatreland. Overenthusiastic housekeeping!,"My boyfriend and I had tickets to the theatre and decided to treat ourselves to a hotel in town. Prices that weekend seemed pretty steep - even for London - and we felt the Waldorf offered the best value of the lot on offer.  It's a lovely art deco hotel that has been cleverly modernised to maintain its character. The lobby and reception are beautiful and a wonderful welcome to the hotel.  The rooms are spacious for a central London hotel. The interior design combined very modern features with the original art deco - it worked in some places e.g. The beautiful chandelier above the bed, but not in others - the perspex ""art"" above the headboard. The bathroom was light and spacious and stayed true to the art deco original with the sunken bath, but with a powerful shower overhead.  …",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, pity about the service","This hotel lets the Hilton brand down. Whilst the location is fantastic, the service is not.  The check in staff have no idea of what they are doing. Despite getting there at the correct check in time the room was not ready and the reception area was full of unhappy customers. The bar and some of door staff were no better.  This is not a 5 star hotel, however if you can get a room at a good discounted rate then the lack of service is bare able. Hilton should have a close look at what is going on at this hotel",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, not so keen on the modern room!","Booked through 'Secret Hotels' so was pleased with the great price I paid for this hotel.  Took my daughter away for a treat as she hasnt been very well lately and couldnt believe my luck when I ended up at the Waldorf Hilton.  Spent 2 nights there.  The staff were brilliant and very helpful, just a shame the room wasnt that great, it was very small and it had one of those modern open plan bathrooms.....hmmm lets just say my daughter saw more of me than she hoped!! I am not a prude but I do like my privacy and did think that if I had travelled with someone I had just met then it would have been a little uncomfortable to say the least!",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,let down by a few niggles,"Nice bedrooms and service generally good but let down by daft things like the flatscreen TV being connected to a signal only by a ridiculously old fashioned RF cable, not even SCART, never mind HDMI, so the TV picture is always snowy. The restaurant serves nice food and the service is good but then when it comes to settling the bill, suddenly there's a service fee and a space for gratuities, a pretty unacceptable practice now in most restaurants. Why not put the service fee on the price of the food if there's no guarantee any of this gets to the staff? To expect people to pay for service and tip on top is outrageous and frankly a bit disingenuous towards clients. When no explanation is given or feedback offered when this is pointed out, this practice inevitably takes away from…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Property - Wonderful Service,Centrally located in the theater district and not far from Buckingham Palace and other sites.  Sonny remembered everyone's name. I can't say enough about the service.  The bar was wonderful and had a highly trained and knowlegable.  Really couldn't ask for more.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
5084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5080-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Average but expected more,"We stayed here two nights and picked this hotel mainly because of the location.  Considering what we paid for this hotel I was disappointed in our small room overlooking the alley/garbage area.  The bed was a small queen/or double? the shower was in the main sleeping area, which was an annoyance.  However the breakfast which was included, was excellent!  ",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I chose this hotel as a special treat for my husband but I was disappointed. I have stayed at two other Hilton Hotels in London and found them much more welcoming.Our room was very small (and I appreciate I only paid £225 for it) - but we have had much better value elsewhere.....not just Hilton Hotels. There was only one mirror in the room - in the bathroom. I am disappointed but I guess I just won't stay there again! We couldn't fill in the ""we value your opinion leaflet"" as there was no pen in the room!!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very bad service from reception and manager david,"we arrived on our coach tour and booked a triple room to be given a double room with roll up bed this being the case that tour operator booked this , but the hotel manager david paine was just speaking in script for about 30 mins till i had to ask him if he was actually listening, we had travelled 8hrs to find it took us 2hrs to solve the problem just 15 mins before we went out,i was totally stressed with the situation to say our trip was called 5 star luxury, the problem was still so ""funny"" to say the least they gave us a bottle of wine with just 2 glasses bearing in mind we were a booking of 3!!!. the next day we spoke to customer relations leyla she was so nice and friendly completely different to duty manager david paine and fully explained all the situation. what a shame…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
5087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here!!!! Absolutely don't stay here!!!,"This is not the Waldorf but a badly managed Hilton. The Internet is 25$ a day and does not work about 50% of the time. Our first room was a labeled a queen deluxe but more like a cell, with torture chamber for a shower stall. The bathroom door did not shut and the atmosphere was 21st prison. Asked for a second room, which incidentally cost 30 pounds more a night, was  better, and more normal looking ""luxury hotel"" atmosphere. The next day, we were locked out as both our keys did not work. Additionally asked for a comforter three times, never was given one. I read the reviews about how differently the rooms vary-this is really true. Overall, this is not Waldorf standards. I would never stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
5088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience,"My sister and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for 4 nights.  We loved it!  All Staff were incredibly personable and helpful, particularly in the Executive Lounge.  Kudos to Michaela who went out of her way to help us out one morning, and Christina who was very helpful upon our arrival.  We stayed in a junior suite and it was very comfortable and clean, although the light switches drove us crazy as you can't turn bathroom lights on unless switches in the main rooms are also on, which seems absurd to me.  Anyway, the location is excellent for Covent Garden and the West End in general.  The Concierge desk staff were great.  Drinks in the bar were pricey but it is London, after all.  I will stay here next time I'm in London, for sure!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5085-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Weekend Trip in late Sept 2012,"I don’t often write reviews on Trip Advisor, however with either exceptional or very poor service I do.  I booked the Waldorf Hilton in London as a treat for my wife – it was our 10th Wedding anniversary. I had stated that in the booking. We had previously stayed in this hotel before and had been more than happy with the service provided. I paid for the room in advance.  We arrived early on the Fri at around 1pm. We were advised at reception that our room wasn’t ready – which was fine as we knew that check-in wasn’t until 3pm. I was told that we would be contacted when our room was ready and left my mobile number. We were also advised that we could leave our luggage at the Concierge desk. That was all fine. My wife and I decided to stroll around Convent Garden etc.  By 3.45pm we…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Building facade is completely misleading,"My wife and I were very disappointed in our stay here.  We used Hilton Honors points to splurge for our last night of our European trip.  Of course we've always heard of the Waldorf and we were familiar with the building from prior trips to London.  We expected a beautiful interior decorated with antiques and brimming with charm and elegance to match the building's exterior.  It couldn't have been more disappointing.   The interior is very modern and has no charm whatever.  We could have been in any Hilton property in the U.S.  I don't know what the history of this hotel is, but I'd hate to think they trashed a beautiful old interior to ""update"" it.   Our room was very small with only a double bed.  That wouldn't have been so bad if the room had nice touches, but again, it was…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Very pleased with the service received at the hotel. The staff were great, nice room. The hotel is in a great location, to visit all the sights and theatres. Would surely recommend this hotel if you are thinking of visiting london",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location but.....beware it is not a Waldorf Astoria,"We stayed at this hotel in September 2012 for 6 nights. When booking we saw Hilton Waldorf and made the very incorrect assumption that it was a Hilton  Waldorf Astoria property, we soon found out that it is not.  We arrived for what was supposed to be a 7 night stay at around 11am after having flight issues which caused us to arrive about a day late. Our agent had tried to get the hotel to slide our reservation down a day but the hotel did not agree. We were shown to our room which we were told was upgraded, and I cannot believe that room was upgraded. The window opened on to one of the main air handlers maybe a foot from the window. I shudder to think what the ""unupgraded"" room would have been like. We went to the desk and complained, the desk staff was quite snotty saying that…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but expected better","  We were expecting great things for the price of our weekend, but were disappointed. We can only give this rating 3 stars because apart from the superb location, 3 minutes from Covent  Garden, there was little else we were impressed with. We booked an Executive room which  certainly needs attention, fixtures and fittings need updating, the bathroom including the toilet is very dated. The shower over the bath in this day and age is surely unusual for a Hilton hotel of this stature and the water pressure is poor. There is nowhere to hang the hand towel and water dripped on the floor every time we used a towel, however the bed is super comfy.... The Executive Lounge is nicely decorated and comfortable. There appeared to be plenty of seating but at breakfast and early evening…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5090-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Central location, In midst of theater district","Location is easy bus access just outside the door to anywhere in London. Long walk to subway but bus lets you see stuff. The staff is helpful- super helpful. Room are good size and well appointed although decor is sparse, modern. Opt for excutive lounge- well worth it for breaksfast and evening drinks & apertifs even some desserts. Priceey but worth it for the extrs as mentioned. The breaksfast is a full one with pastries, eggs, meats, juuices, coffees, etc",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, but not best value","Stayed for a lovely night with the real boss, for her birthday, Let the hotel know and they left a little birthday cake for her.  Had a nice room, but not very big, but lovely decorated. Bathroom was nice, but shower little underpowered and bath a little small. Overall 4 star",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our Wedding at the Waldorf,"We love the Waldorf & we were really happy when we could arrange our wedding there.   From the outset they were the most helpful event organisers. And we spoke to a few!  They did all they could do make sure the whole thing went smoothly. The only annoying element during the organisation was that different people kept calling me & asking me to pay the deposit which had already been paid - recommend better internal communication. Aside from that it was great.   And on the day itself the staff were just fantastic & they delivered what they promised. Aside from the following minor snags; they had to re cook my steak, which then came out perfect, The rest of the food was fantastic. They opened 4 bottles of wine which were obviously corked, which they immediately corrected & there…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Needs to lift its game,"A great hotel in a great location is what it should be.  But the Waldorf Hilton doesn't live up to its 5 star promise.  First impressions are good - staff are helpful and the rooms are clean and well sized. The bed was comfortable and, at least for the inside rooms (not facing the street), very quiet. But would you expect a 5 start hotel where the internet connection is lousy and keeps dropping out, you can't get breakfast in the restaurant before 7am (frustrating if you have an early start to the day), although your room is serviced no one seems to have entered your bathroom, and the newspaper delivery is mixed up so you get the paper for the room down the hall and your preferred paper (which you paid for) goes elsewhere ....?   All in all, the standards don't live up to the…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fuss-free luxury,"I don't often stay in expensive hotels in Central London, I'm not that wealthy.   I was bought a weekend stay here as a present as part of a ""London Weekend"" which included trips to the theatre.  Just lovely. I had a (sortof) updated ""Art Deco"" room, overlooking the Aldwych.   I had access to the ""Executive"" bits, which gave me a quiet room (with others) with free nibbles and drink when I was tired of the outside world.   The food in the restaurants WAS expensive, unless you are REALLY wealthy you'll only eat here occasionally during a long stay.  A nice stay though, on a lovely room.  There is a lot of history associated with the Waldorf.. worth investigating before you stay here.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
5099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5095-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay!,"This wonderful hotel is in a fantastic location. A block away from Strand which leads you to the underground for easy access to any of the touristy areas. Or it's 3 blocks to the Thames River and a little less than a mile to Trafalgar Square, which will lead you to Buckingham Palace one way and the club areas the other way. Staff was fantastic and filled any requests efficently and quickly. Quiet rooms, comfy bed, nice bathroom. If we visit London again, this is where we would stay.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,ENGLISH TEA WAS SAD EXPERIENCE,"It is a hobby of three friends and I to experience tea at different London venues three/four times a year.   We mix larger hotels such as The Dorchester or The Savoy with smaller more intimate places like The Goring.   The Ritz we felt was too touristy and timed sittings a little uncomfortable but The Waldorf experience of two weeks ago was nothing short of being an absolute disgrace.  From the first introduction things were not efficient - we were given our sparkling wine and almost immediately the three tiered cake stand arrived complete with sandwiches and cakes.   Scones were still in the oven we were told.   It took a reminder and 40minutes of time to pass for our tea to arrive, not in fine china but a cup that felt like plastic and a saucer that looked like tin!   Yes…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,the waldorf,im just back from the waldorf with my partner after having a great weekend our room was lovely room 414 lovely bathroom and great lighting we stayed 3nights when i arrived a lovely peice of cake was there for me to make me welcome thanks to juliane my experiance of the cleaning staff was not good i had to after being out allday request for our room to be cleaned at 7pm in the evening as it did not happen that day well the cleaner called at 4pm just as we arrived back from a long day out my only other dissapointments were recieving a mini bar bill for 34.00 pounds after not having used anything in it i did get it refunded back also at breakfast on our last day i had to wait 25mins on an omelette which they did refund the charge but thought they would have given us a complimentary…,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,watch you bill,"fabulous venue, teriffic food. downside was my meal was overcharged by £13.50. when queried the waiter checked the computer and apologised saying he had pressed the wrong button.  easily done i suppose, but if i hadnt checked it would have been an expensive 'error'",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All about the location,"Great location - 5 minutes walk from the theatre and a great base to explore from. Staff were very friendly, breakfast was good and the public areas were lovely. Sadly I don't think the room matched up to this. We had a deluxe room which was an okay size (for London) but I would imagine this means the standard rooms are tiny. We checked in on a Friday afternoon and it was busy but the room had not been cleaned to a high standard which was disappointing as we'd already waited a little to check-in and would have preferred to wait longer if it had meant a higher standard of cleanliness! Air conditioning was rubbish. All in all, there are better hotels for a similar price (if not less) in London and this Waldorf isn't as good as its counterparts in other cities but it is in a great…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5100-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,One of London's Great Iconic Hotels,"It is clear that a great deal of money has been spent on renovating this iconic hotel. Very often these great hotels end up being run on a shoestring and they hide behind their former great reputations. Not so here, everybody concerned here is trying very hard to keep the service and quality at the top of the game. we spent one night here in one of the Hilton rooms, which are quite small but very well presented. Our only criticism would be that there are no drawer units or shelves to unpack clothes to. There are  plenty of hangers in the wardrobe but that doesn't help with the rest of one's clothes!. Not a problem for one night but could be an issue for a longer stay. We had afternoon tea which was exceptional value when compared to the other great London hotels and was equally…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Waldorf Hilton,"Booked up the Waldorf for a weekend in London and also taking in the theatre. The hotel is very grand and has spectacular decor which is typically British right down to the doorman in his bowler hat !!  We had a Queen room, which had no real view but was tidy if a little cramped. This was not a problem as we spent little time here anyway, just enough time to sleep!! The bed was adequate, although my preference would have been for a softer one.  The location is perfect for Theatreland and general shopping and transport links are about as good as it gets in London (Engineering works on the tube aside)  We were offered breakfast at a discounted rate at Check-in, which we took advantage of. There is an extensive range of the usual buffet things as well as an A la Carte choice…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location; knowlegable, friendly, and helpful staff","Best location in London!  So convenient to rail stations to/from both Heathrow & Gatwick.  Excellent tube, bus & taxi access, 24 hour Tesco just down the street, great access to the Victoria Embankment for morning runs. Very safe area too; I never felt uncomfortable running or walking around without my husband during reasonable hours. Theater access is amazing & variety of restaurants, pubs & wine bars in the area is great.  The executive lounge was an extra nice retreat, breakfast options there & in restaurant were delicious. Afternoon tea & happy hours were enjoyable & a nice extra. Lounge staff were wonderful; all staff were wonderful actually!  We are Diamond HHonors members & were very pleased with our stay. The Waldorf Hilton is a historic building so the electrical in our…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Room type important - some tiny, tiny rooms","If you want impressive grandeur that might be implied by the Waldorf brand, you won’t find it here but the service is 5 star. Add to that significant variations in quality and size of rooms (within the same category) and despite being a loyal and frequent guest of the hotel I have to say there may be more reliable hotels for the price.  Location however is excellent. My 'average' rating is for a price and star rating, obviously its still a very good hotel (but for the price category its average).   What I’m sure was once a grand entrance lobby has been lost to accommodate a variety of bars and sitting areas leaving a understated but classical lobby, which whilst nice may not impress those looking for a grand and opulent 5 star hotel for a special occasion. The exterior grandness…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,waldorf stay,"bed was the best i have ever experianced, room freshly decorated and clean. only the rubbery fried egg let the side down.good location close to thearters and easy walking distance to most sights.buses and taxis right outside.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5105-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Service!  Great Location!,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf for 12 nights in September and we thought the location and service is excellent.  we loved the staff.  The doormen, the housekeepers, the maintenance people, the front desk, and the staff in the Executive Lounge we all the best.  It was a wonderful experience.  I can't say enough about the staff.  They make it a great hotel.  We enjoyed the Executive Lounge.  It was just perfect.  They all treated us very well and made our trip to London the perfect vacation.  Plus, the hotel is close to the Covent Garden tube station and close to the Charing Cross rail station.  You could walk to many sights like St. Paul's Cathedral, Westminster, Trafalgar Square, the British Museum, and the National Gallery.  There are nice restaurants and pubs all over the…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pleasant week long stay,"I am a travel consultant and was visiting the UK for a leisure trip.  I am also a Gold Hilton Hhonors member.  I spent hours researching reviews for the various Hilton properties in London. There was such a wide range of opinions for the Waldorf on trip advisor, so I was a little concerned about what to expect.   I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service I received during my stay.  Overall I was quite pleased.  The staff could not have been any nicer or more attentive.  Staff members remembered me throughout the week and would follow up on how everything was. Very impressive.  The guest relations /exec lounge staff were top notch. I know there are various room types at this hotel due to the age and design of the building. I was able to see one or two others while I…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Room,"Excellent location and truly a beautiful room.  Superb decoration, spotlessly clean and spacious.  Gym is very much an LA fitness gym that Hotel guests use. Most users are external members Id say.  This is reflected by the fact the pool area requires some serious upgrading, peeling paint - it looked like a 70's throw-back, not on and needing immediate attention to maintain hotel standards.  Room service food was ok, nothing special, perfectly acceptable.  We took breakfast in the smaller Homage room, more intimate but less spectacular, you makes your choices with that one I guess.    Overall feeling of this hotel, it's very London, nobody can be bothered to pass any time with you, it's efficient but hardly friendly.  Shame, it's a step away from being a fantastic place to stay. …",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"5 Star, I don't think so","I have just returned from London having stayed in this hotel for two nights. The only thing I can compliment this hotel on is the location, less than 5 mins from Coventry Garden. The main foyer is small, not impressive at all, the bar is to the left, so small that they have extended it out into what was obviously part of the foyer before the hotel got extremely busy. We had a nightcap in the bar both nights, a round of four drinks, two whiskies and two Baileys cost us just under £40!  Check in was fairly quick but the rooms weren't ready, we were given no welcome information, like breakfast times, leisure facilities etc, not a big deal of course, but remember this is supposed to be a 5 star hotel. The dissapointment started when we received the key to our room, it was a  fairly…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned glamour,"I have just returned from a really lovely stay at this iconic hotel and   I     was not disappointed.Five star attentive service from start to finish.The hotel is very special and steeped in a fine tradition of understated elegance which we really appreciated. we had afternoon tea with champagne and enjoyed it greatly.Off to a great show and back to a very comfortable and quite room, breakfast tasty and a real treat. A special mention to Julie Ann for her personal touches which made us feel special. Cannot wait for an excuse to return to enjoy it once again. A big thanks to all the staff who work hard to keep up the standards.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5110-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Does not live up to the expectations.,"We decided to choose that hotel from among others because of the brand/name. And sadly, what a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the service is decent, the bar is pleasant, the location great, but isn't that the absolute minimum you can expect from a 5 star hotel? The biggest disappointment is the decor. Old, used and tired does not equal classic. Carpets and walls have seen a lot, the wooden panels are dull and need a good polishing job. The size of the room was annoyingly insufficient for two gals who had their suitcases followed by shopping bags. Not that you spend a lot of time in a hotel room when you are in London, but it would be nice to come back to something that allows you to iron your clothes without completely blocking the room (and let's not even mention the state…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"Just come back from a weekend break at the Waldorf and I must say I had a fantastic stay. I go to london a lot and stay in various standards of hotels.... But i think this has been my favourite hotel so far!  I found the checkin service on arrival was efficient and friendly, our bags arrived in our room within 5 minutes of us checking in. The breakfast buffet was good quality with loads of choice. The hotel bar was small but again the service was great and the cocktails were brilliant.  I will definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location,"Stayed here for a week and everything went great. The Waldorf provided for our stay in every way. We were within walking distance of everything. The Palace, shopping, churches and the Queen's jewels. We even walked to the Eurostar and took the train into Paris for a day.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A 'strike' at The Waldorf?,"The Waldorf needs to realise that 'Service' starts as soon as you check in.  If that goes wrong, then everything goes down hill from there.......  My flight was delayed so my room was 'given away' as they thought I was a 'no show'.  They offered breakfast while I waited for a room to 'become available'.  They then gave me an room upgrade when my office complained, then they tried to CHARGE me for the 'upgrade'.  My office intervened again.  They were not even going to honour the rate on my booking confirmation until again, my office intervened.     Overall, a dreadful experience.   VIP guests with whom I was travelling also did not have a good experience - well would you when you arrive at a 5* hotel and are greeted by striking staff at the entrance?     One of their rooms was…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
5118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My favourite London hotel...,"The Waldorf is, without question, my favourite London hotel. It has a great location. The service is superb. The building has charm and character that is present throughout. The bedrooms are a pleasing size and the bathrooms are of a high standard.  Everything about this hotel is a cut above and it makes staying in other London hotels difficult, as there is just something magnetic about The Waldorf!",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5115-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice Enough Hotel,"We came down to the Paralympics and had a nice enough stay here.  The first night my mum and I were in a very nice well laid-out room if you were a couple.  The room was very open-plan designed with no door to the bathroom and only frosted glass hiding the toilet area and shower (a bit discreet but still fairly see-through).  After the first night I complained and they said to pack our bags and they would move our luggage to another more appropriate room during the day while we were out at the Paralympics, which they did.  The new room had 2 double beds, a door to the bathroom and a better view.  The breakfast was nice except the fruit tasted a bit funny one day and the pancakes were very dry but the sausages, bacon etc were really good quality with a good selection of cold…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon tea was disappointing,"Went here with a bunch of girlfriends for a 40th birthday celebration.  I was the first to arrive and explained to the doorman I was meeting some friends but could he direct me to the loos.  He obviously thought I was lying and just wanted a quick loo break, not a great start.  When we went into the restaurant to have our tea it was very pretty but a little lacking in atmosphere.  The service was very, very slow and our waiters appeared to be inexperienced.  We had to ask for the milk with our tea.  The waiter, whilst pouring our wine, consistently missed the glass and left most of the glasses with wet bottoms.  The scones were good and the cakes delicious but the sandwiches were in short supply.  I certainly wouldn't rush back.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Porky pies, shabby room but good executive lounge!","We booked to stay at this hotel, despite other hotels being closer to the areas we were visiting, as we had a lovely experience in March 2012.  I really wish we had booked elsewhere as from the start this was not the experience we had hoped for. We had booked for a two night break and as we wanted a 'lovely and stress relieving' break we thought we would treat ourselves to a 'King Hilton Suite'.   We arrived at 10pm ( which was stated on our reservation) and when I arrived at the checking in desk the attendant took my name and initially was quite nice and advised what I already knew that I had prepaid and had access to the executive lounge. She handed me the key cards and stated we were room 329. At no point did she state the type of room or that there was any problem with the…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but peculiar wc,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton on 13th May 2012 aftyer I had joined as a Hilton Premium Homage member. We had booked into an executive room and had the full use of the executive lounge throughout our stay. We found the hotel to be of a good standard and the interior modern whilst the exterior retains it's grand historic facade. The executive lounge was a real joy to use as we had everything we needed for high tea's or coffee breaks and even complementary drinks at particular times. Our bedroom was modern and comfortable, however, initially we were perplexed as to where our wc was situated until we looked inside a round glass shower type cubicle in the middle of the room  you first enter and 'Le voila' a wc that, although contained with  obscure glass, was never the…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Lovely stay, a real treat. Beautiful room, very very comfortable beds, good facilities. Breakfast very good. Great location. Customer service excellent, from the doorman to the receptionist. Slight confusion on booking in, but it was sorted very quickly and very efficiently. Late night cocktails very tasty, if a little expensive. Unfortunately didn't get to use the leisure facilities.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5120-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Managed to get an upgrade into a Deluxe room plus via hilton honors which I highly recommend.   The room was very spacious, clean and luxorious. The bathroom was also very spacious. The breakfast in the morning was very good. Fantastic location - a 5min walk to Covent Garden Square, so its accessible for most things. Would go back.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Great location, staff were fine, room service was very slow - 30 mins for a pot of tea, the room was in desperate need of a refurb and the bathroom was filthy - not impressed by this at all - we had to request the bathroom to be cleaned - which they did - with a free bottle of wine as compensation - I would rather have a clean bathroom on arrival. Car parking cost £50 for a night - thats just plain wrong as well even if this is London. We had a nice time even so and didn't let this poor hotel ruin our weekend.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
5126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Workable,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for two nights in a King Hilton Executive room.  The room was huge, although the floor was tile which was odd.  The room had sort of a South Beach feel to it.  The closet space was negligible.  If I had been traveling with my wife, it wouldn't have been enough.  The bathroom was huge, as I ended up with a handicap room.  There was a combo shower/tub and a single sink, which left a lot of extra space.  Service was attentive.  The location just south of Covent Garden is excellent.  Depending on the price and situation, I would stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel except for concrete-hard beds,"Great location, friendly staff and good rooms.  I assume I was in a refurbished room as everything looked fresh and clean.  A massive bathroom and a massive walk-in closet added to the space in the bedroom.  My room overlooked the main road, but the room was surprisingly quiet because of some decent double / triple-glazing.  Didn't use the restaurant, bar or pool, so can't comment on those.  My only negative was the rock hard mattresses.  They were nice and flat and didn't dip in the middle, but please please please can you invest in some nicely cushioned mattress toppers.  There was something on top of the mattress, but it was as thin as a blanket and didn't help in the slightest.  A tip to travellers - their massive feather pillows do a good job as a mattress topper.  Rating…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, average hotel","This hotel is located very conveniently, right in the West End, walking distance to the Covent Garden, the theatres, restaurants and many famous tourist sites. The staff is friendly and helpful and I would consider the level of service worthy of a 5 star hotel. The lobby is nice and the restaurant looks upscale although I didn't get to eat there, so not sure about the food. That said, the room I had was really small and in need of a renovation. Every step I took in the room produced loud squeaking of the floor boards. I would definitely not consider that room a 5 star hotel room. Same goes for the corridors upstairs, everything looks old and run down. If you are looking for a centrally located hotel with good service and are not too picky about the room itself, this could work,…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
5129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5125-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"great location , old world charm","Waldorf Hilton  Firstly the location is fantastic, based in the west end district, and good walking distance to many attractions, not to mention dozens of shows and restaurants. My pre arrival experience with Hilton was very good, because over two months before my arrival I booked a good restaurant and show through Concierge Cyril, and he was extremely helpful, professional and well organized to do the extras for you with absolutely no fuss.  When I arrived Cyril remembered me and was helpful again and downstairs reception was friendly. We booked into executive room and we were told check in would be conducted up at the executive floor; this is where I believe they let themselves down, because I found the staff in the executive lounge unfriendly and extremely unhelpful. When we…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, average room but fantastic breakfast","We stayed at The Waldorf Hilton hotel when we went to the London 2012 Paralympic opening ceremony.  The entrance to the hotel was grand luxurious, however, on arrival the reception didn't seem to have any record of our booking.  So that took about 20/30 minutes to rectify and we wasn't offered a drink or anything whilst they sorted this out.  The room itself was fairly boring, to the point where I wouldn't stay again.  However, the breakfast was delicious!  The hotel is partnered with LA Fitness (which is in the basement), so there is a huge gym with a really nice pool.  So that was very much appreciated as I love to have a run each day.  Oddly, we found a mouldy egg in our mini bar which wasn't removed during the stay.  Couldn't quite work that one out...",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything was just perfect at the waldorf hotel,"I stayed with my sister in this fantastic hotel with exceptional staff, great location and all our needs were catered for. The food was cooked and served to a very high standard and the manager (Atul) from  the restaurant 'Homage'  ensured we were well looked after. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again. Nothing was too much trouble and the staff went out of their way to make our stay very memorable. Thank you for looking after us, Mrs Robinson and Mrs Parry.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location & outstanding breakfast,"Stayed at this hotel for one night March 2010 (not 2012 as the drop down menu below is making me select).  It was a voucher deal and we were very happy with it.  The room itself was a little bit dated and creaky, and it looked out onto a very unattractive courtyard.  However the benefit of this was the lack of traffic noise which you would get from the other side of the hotel.  The breakfast the next day was outstanding.  Loads of choice and very good quality.  We very much enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to others",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Classy Convenience plus Location, Location, Location","I can't find fault with the Waldorf.  First off, it is one of the most convenient hotels in London if you are a tourist.  Theaters, restaurants, easy access to various transportation forms -- it is all there.  The rooms are well cared for -- the beds were extremely comfortable.  The bathrooms were clean and bright.  Television and radio were excellent as well.  The executive lounge was great for relaxing and for food.   The staff was helpful and courteous.  Five Stars all around!!!!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
5134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5130-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,My mother's special 24 hrs!,"I had the opportunity to book a night at the Waldorf Hilton for my mother's 80th birthday. We arrived, staff were attentive and we were able to go to our rooms immediately. We had a lovely deluxe room on 6th floor overlooking the main street. My mother loved the decor, because she felt it was modern with a  traditional feel.The room was extremely bright and comfortable. Later on, we had an evening meal which she enjoyed and she was pleasantly surprised when she was given a small birthday cake ( which i did not order)   She was treated as a very important person throughout her stay....at breakfast and during Afternoon Tea. She enjoyed her stay do much that she would like to do it again. Thank you Waldorf for adding to her memories during this special period in her life!!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!,"THis hotel is situation right in the middle so east or west, you will be able to reach the London sights with minimal  hassle. It is near the Covent Garden tube station. Near the Strand and theater district. We walked or took the tube to many sights and we were able to come back and rest and still get lots of sights in. Staff is very accomodating. Executive lounge is great!",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"Great loction, close to restaraunts and theaters and Covent Garden. Fab gym and tasty breakfast - be sure to get it included. Oomwas clean. Housekeepingmissed a few things but a simple call sorted it. All staff were very friendly and the porters very helpful. I would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for theatre goers!,We recently enjoyed the Waldorf when in London to go to the theatre.  The location was ideal for an easy walk to restaurants and theatreland.  The bar in the Waldorf is very nice with quite an art deco feel.  Our room was on the 8th floor but the lift only goes to the 7th floor so for anyone who finds stairs a problem - be warned!  Very quiet room and comfortable.  Breakfast served in the wonderful salon where tea dances are held.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a fantastic location.,"Very good hotel in a wonderful location close to the theatres and nice restaurants. Our (deluxe) room was spacious for London, with a comfortable bed and a modern bathroom. A couple of strange additions however, including a built in (half) ironing board in the wardrobe which was awkward to use - a bit rubbish for a Waldorf. Also, while we were in our room, a member of the hotel staff knocked on our door and then just entered to check the mini-bar - he did not wait to be invited. Luckily we weren't getting undressed!  I recognise that these are minor issues, but not what we expected from a 5* stay.  The location of the hotel was simply fabulous - walkable to Covent Garden. Breakfast was a lovely buffet arrangement which worked really well on our first morning.  However, on our…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5135-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"Once again The Waldorf exceeded our expectations. We had a lovely room, great service and the most amazing staff. Guest relations team is always there to assist you with all your requests. Strongly advise to contact one of them pror arrival to get nice rooms and to be looked after.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location!  Very Good Executive Lounge!  Great HHonors Points Value!,"We stayed at the London Waldorf Hilton from August 24 to August 29th, five nights for 200,000 Hilton Honors points.  We are Hilton gold members and were therefore upgraded to the executive floor room with access to the executive lounge.  So, right off the bat it was a very good value!  The location of the Waldorf Hilton is fantastic!  We walked all over the west end and rarely took the tube anywhere.  There are great pubs right in the area.  Covent Gardens, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, the London Eye are all easily walkable.  From the Waldorf to Buckingham Palace was about 1 ½ miles and took about ½ hour – a beautiful walk the whole way!   The executive lounge:  Breakfast was excellent - eggs, ham, sausage, mushrooms, smoked salmon, various juices, cold meats, wonderful…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely but more of a Hilton than a Waldorf,"We really did enjoy staying here, as the location is fab, and the standard of the hotel is very good indeed.  It may have been my fault, but from the photos I thought it would be a bit more old world elegant, when in fact it is very much a high standard Hilton.  We got a lovely corner bathroom, and the room was very quiet.  The staff were efficient, but didn't go the extra mile to make us feel special which was a little disappointing, and for me is the difference between a very good four star and a fab five star.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
5142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"Just returned from our stay in The Waldorf Hilton. Excellent! The best hotel I've ever stayed in. You couldn't ask for a better location in the heart of theatre land. 5 minute walk from Covent Garden tube station. We stayed in a King Executive Plus room. Very spacious modern room with the most comfortable bed and a lovely bathroom.  We got access to the Executive VIP lounge which was really good. The staff were very helpful, excellent service as service should be. Breakfast was lovely and had everything you could want. The staff were very tentative nothing was overlooked. I will definitely stay here next time I am in London, it really made our trip special. If you are thinking of booking here, you won't be disappointed. Thanks Juliane for making my wife's birthday special. ",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,"Just back after staying here for just one night with my husband and it is the best London hotel we have stayed in. We upgraded to an exective room and it was worth it, access to the VIP lounge, free breakfast, afternoon tea, all drinks and canapes from 6 until 8.30. The location is amazing, right in the heart of Covent Garden, lovely to sit in the cafes there and watch the world walk by. Very close to tube and theatres if you are doing a show. Loved it, will be back. Ask about their offers when you book, they often have really good ones.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5140-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First class experience as expected,"Excellent hotel in a fabulous location. Being a Hilton Diamond member perhaps I'm a bit spoiled as I was in an executive room with access to the exectutive lounge. Huge room by Euro standards, clean, comfy and remarkably quiet. Friendly and exceptionally helpful staff and concierge. Using some Hilton points to defer the cost of our stay made this property a relative bargain. Will definitely stay there again as mentioned, it is also in a perfect location. ",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,50th birthday,"Our son treated us to stay here for my 50th birthday. The location is superb. I will say the check in was appaling nearly an hour late with 2 of the 3 rooms we had, but will say the rooms were clean and the bed was very comfy. We were in a room that was very quiet which was also a bonus. The breakfst was very very tasty and the restaurant decor is stunning.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Our 1st choice hotel in London,"Yet another great time at the Waldorf Hilton!    The good - air conditioning/breakfast/concierge/beds/Nader Neishabouri (Guest relations Manager)/bathroom & amenities/wifi/quiet bedrooms/exec lounge/Margaritas in Good Godfreys/location/anniversay amenity in room  The average - only 2 staff at check-in  The poor - nothing poor about this Hotel  Book it, you'll enjoy it!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible nights sleep which ruined our trip,"We decided to stay here as we wanted to treat ourselves due to not having a holiday abroad. The room we stayed in was far from a treat.  We booked a queen deluxe plus room but were given an executive room which we understood to be a better room which is advertised as having a free drink and free WiFi in the room, the free drink is a bottle of water and you have to pay for the WiFi access unless you walk down to the executive lounge on a different floor.  When we got to our room we found that it was cold and damp feeling, once we adjusted the heating the temperature was a lot better but it still felt quite damp although there were no visible signs of damp anywhere.  When I tried to close the curtains they would not close and found that the curtain was attached to the closing…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very comfy bed, AMAZING breakfast.","I stayed here with my husband for a night during the Olympics. The room was spacious, quiet and the bed very comfortable. My only complaint is that the bathroom was open to the bedroom. Not that I'm prudish, but prefer showers and toilets to be a bit more separate from where I'm sleeping!!  Service great, fantastic breakfast (which was served until 11ish which is much better than the ones that kick you out early) - a combination of buffet and cooked-to-order off the menu.  I would stay here again and recommend to friends and family.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5145-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,great location and standard of service for central London,"I've been to London many times and even lived there, but staying at this hotel made me like the city more. Its location allowed for long walks through London's many central parks and a new appreciation for the richness of this city.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
5150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,OMFG,"This has got to be the most over-rated, over-priced hotel in London. Beautiful exterior, great breakfast in a beautiful room, meh lobby, crap rooms. The bland, bare, poorly-painted, unimpressive off-white hallways are a good indicator of the rooms - 3-star at best, with poor decorating choices (or lack of) throughout. The beyond-hokey back-lit headboard with a montage of London icons says it all.  Our room is boiling hot with no help from the 'air conditioning'. The window opens two inches but only into an airless 'courtyard' - a mass of steel and ugliness. Stupidly, the large, but hard beds only have an Arctic-worthy duvet, no top sheet. So you're sweating or cold. Great for the hotel's laundry costs, less so for the guests' comfort. The wi-fi cuts out regularly, and requires a…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Probably the most welcoming and fabulous hotel in the centre of London.,"First impressions count - the staff at reception were friendly and helpful. My room was stunning (Queen delux), nice having bathrobe and matching slippers, good having current magazines in room. Bathroom was immaculately clean with good selection of toiletries. Loved the pool downstairs, some websites claimed you had to pay for it but it is complimentary for hotel guests. Very relaxing swimming to soothing music in soft lighting. Sauna a little on small side but fine. Service in the restaurant was excellent and Godfrey's bar, again excellent service with a smile! Location is perfect - 2 mins walk and you're in the centre of Covent Garden. Fabulous ice cream parlour very close on way into Covent Garden. ",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel First Rate Service Assured As Always,"This is my 4th stay at the Waldorf since March 2011, my late sister planned a trip there being  a regular guest she highly recommended it but sadly passed away before the planned trip, absolutally love and thank my sister for introducing me to this quality hotel, I can never wait for the next stay. My parents then started to come too they on their way again soon.  Juliane guest manager arranged this visit for me and my other sister, normally I come with my husband. My sister was blown away by the executive plus room Juliane kindly placed us in. The executive lounge was fabulous, we had afternoon tea, then evening drinks & canapes, my sister loved the Indian food. My sister now wants to return for her 50th birthday next year.  Dan concierge was as helpful as ever, the staff are a…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad price/quality ratio,"We have stayed in the Waldorf Hilton for 4 days, looking for an exlusive luxurious hotel where we could spend our well-deserved short break. Our rate was very high, so we naturally also had high expectations.  When we arrived, we were welcomed in a friendly way, the check-in was very fast and uncomplicated. The first impression of the hotel was very positive, the entrance is classy, and the lobby is elegantly furbished.  However, when we arrived to the room, we were shocked how small it was. The furniture seemed old, and the blankets on top of the bed looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while. I know that this is probably not true, but they looked old, and they were not soft at all. Thank god there was another softer blanket under it. The bathroom was big, but again the…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
5154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5150-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Hilton Dissapointment,"Earlier this year we spent 10 days at the Hilton Village on Oahu, Hawaii. We had a very poor experience, our room reservation was wrong in their computer, not on my travel agent booking, but their computer. They didn't want to help, had a poor attitude and basically said , we don't care what your confirmation says, this is the room we have for you. Three room moves later and no apology I swore I would never stay at a Hilton again, nor would I have my company travel ever book them  again (I have 21 offices in North America, so our travel can be extensive).  We have however come to London three times this past 18 months and usually stayed at the Howard Swissotel (which was magnificent). They are gone now and we had always admired the Waldorf Hilton as we walked toward Covent…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
5155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","We have stayed before and enjoyed our stay so we came back this August.  The hotel is very well situated, only a short walk from Covent Garden.  Right from arrival the service is good.  We asked for a room overlooking the courtyard as this is quieter than the street rooms (view is not great but the peace is).  Room are well set out, the standard room whilst not large was perfect for us as a couple. We did not use the restaurant but did use the bar twice and the service was attentive without being in your face.  Breakfast was including in our rate and to be clear it is Buffett breakfast, but the choice and quality is good.  Some places the bacon can be very fatty, here it was normal.  We also very much enjoyed having champagne with our breakfast.  Would recommend and would…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location & great staff,"Located close to many theatres & Covent Garden it is hard to beat this hotel for location. There are an abundance of restaurants to suit all tastes & budgets right on the doorstep as well.  I was surprised to find this hotel on the Hilton website for £130 per night (you can pay this for a Premier Inn in Central London) so booked for a 2 night break with my wife. Upon arrival we were greeted by the bowler hat wearing doorman who was very polite & helpful throughout our stay.  Check in was effortless & achieved 2 hours prior to the advertised time of 3pm. Our room was upgraded to an executive room which I think means it was bigger than a standard one which was nice, but to be honest I wouldn't have wanted much less space.  Since becoming a Hilton the Waldorf has lost much of the…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,good but not impressed,"Stayed a night there during the Olympics. Perhaps it was the Waldorf name but I had high expectations for the hotel which were not completely met.  I had to remind them about the complimentary bottles of water. The room was small although the bathroom was spacious.  I asked the concierge about the triathlon event that was taking place that day as I wanted to watch it and he did not appear to know much about it, which surprised me considering the Olympics is a major event and the triathlon was an event that could be watched for free.  Luckily I got more help from the volunteers at the tube station. It would have been helpful to provide information of nearby tube stations on its website but I suspect it was intentionally omitted because of its image and they expect all guests to…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfectly acceptable,"The cachet that comes with the name is probably lived up to more in this hotel than in the Waldorf-Astoria in New York, as it does not have the faded glory feel of its New York cousin.  I was upgraded to a junior suite, which was reasonable, but I have to say that I would not have been exactly blown away had I paid for a junior suite and got a reasonable, but not enormous, bedroom with a small sofa. Particularly poor, given that it was a junior suite, was the bath which was no bigger than some of Hilton's other properties in London that are a quarter of the price.  The location is not ideal for public transport, but it is very central. My biggest gripe was the lifts, that were sclerotic. For a top flight hotel to have lifts that would have been embarrasingly slow 100 years ago…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5155-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I booked afternoon tea at the Waldorf for my fathers birthday 27/07/12. The afternoon tea was advertised with a history tour of the hotel preceding the tea, this was the reason I choose this particular hotel. I booked over the 'phone 10 days before. On arrival no-one knew where we should go, eventually we were approached by a member of staff who informed us that they couldn't provide the tour as rooms were unavailable due to the volume of Olympic personnel staying. We were offered a glass of champagne which I accepted as I felt I had no choice, there were 5 of us waiting for tea. When we got into the dining room 3 tables were pushed together for us, I didn't feel they were even expecting us. The tea took a while to arrive and after it was delivered no-one came back to see if we…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,very good but frankly overpriced,"Stayed in one of the executive rooms on business. I must say the room was very large and the atmosphere was more than good, but I wasn't too impressed with the view and I believe the room is overpriced for what it offers. There are better luxury hotels in the surroundings, such as Corinthia, Royal Horseguards and St Martins Lane. Waldorf is historical and it's just two minutes away from Covent Garden, which makes the wonderful location a plus. But the recently refurbished rooms' style leave much to be desired, with an absurd glass panel behind the bed depicting some of the most famous London landmarks plus some clothing items and even an iron (?!) what's that supposed to mean? A finer touch would be most appreciated. Room service was fast and efficient, and the swimming pool in…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We chose to stay at the Waldorf Hilton as we were seeing a show at the Duchess Theatre and wanted to enjoy the atmosphere and bars of Covent Garden without having to walk too much. In this respect, the Waldorf Hilton was perfect as it is in a great location. Reception was efficient and friendly, and our room (a refurbished ""Queen"" on the 2nd-floor) was bright and clean and more than spacious for us as we were just staying the one night. After the theatre, we returned for a night-cap in the bar and had a couple of excellent cocktails - this was despite us arriving in the bar just after 1am. The bar is open till 2am. The only disappointment was breakfast. We had read on Trip Advisor that breakfast was something special, and perhaps it is in the Executive Lounge, but in the main…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, quiet & modern","We stayed here for one night as we were going to a show and wanted to soak up some of londons theatre land atmosphere. This was a great place to do it in, it was a 2min walk to Covent garden and surrounded by theatres and shows, it was set back off the road so it was lovely and quiet & was an ideal place just to soak up the London life. The room was small but perfect for the two of us, the bathroom was clean and well presented. We had a drink in the gorgeous bar late in the evening and enjoyed a great cocktail in a nice atmosphere. The staff were lovely & it was a nice place to stay.  We didn't have breakfast or dinner in..... But then with Covent garden & the west end right on your doorstep, why would you stay in the hotel!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Utter Delight,"We spent a night at this outstanding hotel as part of a birthday present. The staff where helpful courteousand obliging. The room although guest room was so so clean comfortable and quiet, you would not think you were in the heart of London. The tiniest thing had been thought of which makes the stay so special. Thank you for one memorable birthday present.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5160-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay in London,"Reading the mixed reviews below is a bit misleading. There is no possible way that one could complain about the quality of this hotel, its cleanliness, the comfort of the bed, and for the most part, the service.  It is well located in the far eastern part of the west end, near the Theatre Royal Drury Lane and Covent Garden. The nearest tube is Covent Garden and its about a 12 minute walk at a good pace.  Some West End theatres are very close while others are quite a hike. Depending on what you want to do, the location might suit well.  I love to walk so it was perfect for me.   As a Diamond Member, I pre-requested and was granted an upgrade to a King Exec Room, and got free internet, daily free breakfast as described in other reviews, with choice of executive lounge or the…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, not a 5 star anymore","Once upon a time, long time ago, The Waldorf Hilton was a real 5 star. Now its a hit and mess, depends on who you meet of their staff when you need something. Some receptionist offered the best services you could ever have, but then sometime you get literally the rudest receptionists you can ever imagine. One day its the fantastic ""cleaning lady"" and some other days you get the lady who just forgot to get you a clean drinking glass. The Waldorf Hilton had 50% off during high season this summer (you wonder why?) I stayed there for 4 days, and here is my short quick (and dirty) list:  Pros - friendly concierge  - great awesome breakfast (make sure you get a booking with breakfast included, otherwise seriously get a 3 stars hotel)  - 2 out of the 4 receptionists I ran into were…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
5166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great find in London and brilliantly located,"Was dreading looking for a hotel during the Olympics but was surprised at how many rooms were still available.  After some hunting and a leaning towards Hilton from my Diamond Membership I settled on this hotel.  First of all, what a terrific location.  It was well placed near Holborn Station to get to the Olympic Park and the Strand was close as was Trafalgar Square.  My bags were taken care of when we pulled up in the car and reception was friendly and helpful.  No upgrade to a bigger room (I booked a Queen Double) but it was newly refurbished and I still had Executive Lounge access.  They did say to check back the next day to see if a room had freed up.  The Quuen Hilton room is pretty small and dark.  Not unexpected in London.  It has been nicely refurbished and the bedroom…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
5167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,Staying at this hotel enriched stay in London.  If staying here be sure you make us of the services of the concierge.  They were extremely helpful and ensured that we avoided some possible pitfuls as well as providing information.,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful luch at Waldorf,"I can not comment about the rooms as we only had lunch at the Waldorf, but have to say that from what we see the hotel & staff were fantastic! I pre booked a special lunch offer for my mums 50th Birthday via Top table for a 2 course lunch & glass of wine for £17.50pp! I had walked passed this hotel on previous theatre trips & knew it looked  grand from the outside, but had no idea what the interior was like. On arriving at the main doors of hotel we were greeted by a very polite porter who guided us to the restaurant. The decor in all the main public areas of the hotel on the way to the restaurant seemed very posh! We were led through to the main Homage restaurant which was very Grand! At £17.50pp we were really not expecting much, but the food was georgous & exceeded all our…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
5169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5165-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, accommodations, and location.","I recently completed my third stay at The Waldorf Hilton just prior to the start of the Olympics. As usual, the service, food, and accommodations were excellent.  Having read that the hotel had renovated many of its guestrooms and corridors since my last visit in November, I contacted guest relations via e-mail a week before my arrival to request a refurbished room. After a brief out-of-office stint, a guest relations manager replied that she had allocated one for my stay.  Thanks to an especially quick flight from Boston, I arrived at the hotel well before 9:00 on a Thursday morning. As expected, the front desk clerk informed me that my room was not yet ready, but noted that as a Hilton HHonors Diamond elite member I had been upgraded from a Queen Hilton Room to a King Hilton…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience not recommended at all !!,went there for for a vacation in london the hotel was terrible not clean smelly and very noisy !! the bed was very small for 2 and the shower also. as a diamond member of hilton this was a very bad experience my room (204) was in front of service door couldnt sleep all night ! if you want to enjoy london choose a different hotel !,Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
5171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Don't be deceived by the name ... not what you expect from a Waldorf hotel,"I stayed at this location for three nights, from July 30 to August 2, in room 709.  I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member, and booked @ one week in advance as I had to be in London for work.  Very surprised I was able to get a room at the last minute, considering the Olympics were going on at that time, but that should have been my first hint ...  I arrived to the hotel @ 12:30 pm on a Monday and no one helped me with my bags as I exited my car.  No one.  The doorman was nowhere to be found.  So I had to drag my suitcase up the front stairs on my own.  Check-in was fast, and the person helping me was friendly.  He apologized for not being able to upgrade me (Diamond members are upgraded, based on availability) but the hotel was apparently quite full due to Olympic personnel from…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We previously left a so-so review and would like to leave a more positive review as things are changing.  We like staying here as it is really convenient for the theatre, especially Royal Opera.  Past gripes were housekeeping, struggling to check-in by 4 p.m., Le Meridien style rooms and a need for a re-model as the hotel did not feel very luxurious.  This time we arrived at 3 a.m. in the morning as our flight was late and the Gatwick Express was no longer running so we had a long wait for trains.  We did have a late arrival guarantee but our room was in the no-show file which was rather scary as it was close to the Olympics so they could have given our room awadespite the late arrival guarantee.    Positive side - new carpets in our room which made a huge difference to the feel…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,All Part of the Service,"My wife and i stayed here as a special treat to celebrate our wedding anniversary, we really didn't know what to expect never really stayed in what we call a posh hotel, we arrived in London by train and took a taxi to the hotel, our first glimpse of the hotel and what it had to offer was of the guy on the front door, top hat and tails, gold braid, white gloves tucked into the shoulder epaulettes...wow...i'm thinking weve come to the right place here, suddenly the door of the taxi opens and he reaches in to take our luggage, i'm thinking "" yeh i could live like this"" i thanked him for his assistance as we left the taxi to enter the hotel, ""All part of the Service"" he replied, at the reception desk we were greeted by a very welcoming and polite man who allocated us our room and…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
5174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5170-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,excellent staff and location,the hilton could not do any woring by my standards (which are high) we found our stay was met on all levels the food the rooms the staff the location all excellent I only stay in luxury hotels. and this one surpased all my expectations for a london hotel.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another gold for Waldorf,"I stayed for one night in this hotel which always wins for me on location! The room was newly refurbished and was comfortable, the bathroom was spacious! Staff were in plentiful supply particularly round the entrance due to the Olympics no doubt.  As Hilton Honors Diamonds water, beautiful fresh fruit and wine were waiting in the room-always appreciated.   Breakfast was good but the new extra charges for specials is disappointing! The room wasn't ready at 3pm always a problem in this hotel I find! Executive lounge great food and great service!  A great stay",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Apart from a see through loo marvellous, terrific food",I ask you a see through shower and loo who would credit it. But the room the stay the food the service was first rate and as you would expect from the waldorf. I was not dissapointed. fresh crips white bedding got my vote and a huge comfy bed.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great, cozy short stay","My wife and I stayed here for a few nights on our way over to Ireland. We wanted to visit London and chose this hotel primarily for its location. It is located in the theater district and very close to Covent Gardens. Transportation is very close by, or if you prefer walking, Buckingham palace was about a 20-25 minute walk (lots of sights are between the two). We used Hilton Points for the stay, so I can't comment on the price...it was free. However, I can say that we were both very pleased with everything. Nothing really stood out as exceptionally great (although the concierges were close) but there was certainly nothing that we disliked. The check in was seamless and fast. The concierges were super helpful, recommended great restaurants and knew me by name the second day I was…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing...overpriced and poor service BUT good location,"There are only two good things about this hotel...the location (terrific for the theatres and Covent Garden) and the name (""The Waldorf"").  GBP 359 (approx USD 557/EUR 460)  per night gets you a shabby, small and poorly maintained room. Compared to many worldwide Hiltons it really misses the mark: - housekeeping: towels, flannels, biscuits etc are forgotten - maintenance: scuffed walls and furniture, lights being ""shorted"" by the air conditioning - reception: being unable to access our room   - Executive Room: the worst we've experienced in selection of food, beverage, comfort and atmosphere - staff including the Management: poor customer service including rarely acknowledging guests as they pass by (there was one exception - a friendly member of staff who served us breakfast).",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5175-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Love the Doormen,"Old school costumes adorn the doormen.  You will truly feel like you are walking into a British treasure.  Very, very convenient.  English breakfast in hotel is nice but expensive.  This hotel is incredibly convenient to many attractions for the tourist.  We were attending lectures at LSE -- we couldn't have planned a closer locale.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
5180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"Excellent location to enjoy theater and dining, however, the room leaves a lot to be desired.  I stayed two nights July 17 - 18, 2012 and couldn't wait to get out.  The room had a terrible odor and I had to open the window, I never got turn-down service, usually there is a slipper in the room, but not in this room, the tissue box was empty.  The room just didn't feel clean.  I ordered room service one night and the meal (steak) came out luke warm and tasted awful.  In short, look for another hotel.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful 4-night Stay,"Just completed four nights at London's Walforf Hilton, which is located in the Aldwych area, just off the Strand at the Waterloo Bridge. The location is especially convenient to West End theaters, Covent Garden Opera, art museums, and restaurants and bars of all types and at all prices on the mazes of nearby lanes. Easy walk to all the well-known squares as well as St Paul's and Fleet Street in the opposite direction.  I had booked a Queen deluxe but--as a Hilton Gold--was upgraded to a fine queen room on the Executive Floor. The room was quite spacious with an ultramodern open bath area. Very comfortable with double glazed windows that cut down street noise and silent air conditioning. One of the staff assisted me in moving a reservation I had for two Hilton Honors free nights…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Perfect Proposal!!,I took my girlfriend to The Waldorf Hilton as part of a Theatre Break to see Les Miserables and I also used the trip to propose to my girlfriend. I was in constant contact with Sandra at the hotel to arrange the details for the proposal and I couldn't have asked for more. Sandra and the rest of the team did eveyrthing possible to make the proposal perfect and they are all a credit to the hotel.  Breakfast was fantastic and everything we always got a smile from all members of staff and it seemed that nothing was to much trouble for them.  If there was one thing that I would have to criticise was the lack of standard 3 pin plug sockets in the room but really this didn't have any negative effect on our stay.  Once again thank you very much to all at The Waldorf Hilton for making…,Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Really disappointed that my recent stay, which was supposed to be a really special occasion, failed to live up to my expectations. The room itself was fine - clean and spacious, we had a King Hilton Junior Suite (apparently). The bed was very comfortable, the room and bathroom were spotless. The location is good, a short walk away from the west end. Unfortunately, that's where the positive points end!  Firstly, our room was not ready when we arrived at around 3.45pm. Rooms are advertised as being available from 3pm. Wasn't too worried about this - we went to the executive lounge to enjoy a quick drink and some nibbles and the receptionist came up a little bit later to let us know our room was almost ready, and about 10 minutes after that we checked in. Got to the room to find…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
5184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5180-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel just dont go for tea or snacks unless you have a mortgage,"You know how it is..you wanted to take your family group for drinks and tea at 5 pm on wet afternoon. So there we were all 5 of us at the Waldorf. At a price of GBP 93 we had a club sandwich, two coffees, two irish coffess, one mineral water, two roasted vegetable panininis, one club sandwich and one chicken panini.....was it expensive well yes for what we got!  the club sandwich has a small piece of bacon and two small slices of chicken but was heavy on the egg and tomato - worth 12 GBP - no, how about the roasted vegetables panini's - well no because all it was missing was the roasted vegetables  and then the Irish coffee at about 11 GBP - well no.   I have stayed in Hilton's across the world and normally they are the reliable chain with god service and standards. This was…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Bland, corporate facing hotel","The location of this hotel is excellent for a theatre break, being just off the Strand and a 3 minute walk from Covent Garden.   For a 5 star hotel though it is not good enough. The rooms are very small (even for a Hilton) and most of the facilities in the hotel are designed for corporate guests. The bar area is so small it is often not possible to find a seat and the gym, sauna and pool area downstairs are very shabby for a 5 star hotel. The sauna and pool area was even dirty.  The service is the sort of bland faceless corporate experience you would expect. Given that this hotel uses the name Waldorf from its Waldorf days, I would have expected a lot more charm.  Also pricey for the standard of the facilities. If it did not have such a good location I would have scored it three…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"No hot water, poor customer service.","Having stayed over the World Pride weekend I can only register my disdain for the shocking customer service. I had Luke warm water in my bath and shower, on registering this complaint I was told that my sink water was much hotter... And that I can have a wash in comfort. I don't pay for a five star wash, I pay for a five star bath and shower.   I received my room rate back, but this spoiled my weekend, as I was left to feel dirty all weekend, with only a quick strip wash as a hygiene routine.   Having stayed at most of the Hilton properties in the UK and some US properties I can only say that my confidence in the brand has been damaged.   Doubt I will return to Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great weekend,"Great time, did the afternoon tea and took the executive upgrade, well worth it.   Pool needed some maintenace a bit dirty! Understatement...it was filthy and old  Room was clean and tidy all the usual amenities available. Having the executive upgrade made things very easy. Bit slow at breakfast but food was good.Service in the bar was good but a bit slow in the evenings.  Close to all the theatres and to Covent Gardens, easy walk up to Chinatown and around.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very Tired and Overpriced.,"Room was advertised as having two queen beds that were in fact single beds. Bathroom was of poor quality and in poor condition Attitude of manager when we expressed our views was poor. ""Realise that you are paying for the location, Sir"". No Sir, I am paying for a 5* service and comfort in that location.   I've honestly stayed in better Lenny Henry hotels. Seriously re-thinking my Hilton choice for the trip to China and Hong Hong that I have booked based on this.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5185-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Extremely poor service for a Hilton,I have just stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for the weekend with my family. I have two small sons so booked two adjoining rooms. I arrived at the hotel to be told that it was not possible to have adjoining rooms only two rooms next door each other. One of my sons is one year sold and this was not acceptable. I had to argue with them for an hour to sort this out. This nearly ruined my trip. After checking into my room I was very disappointed with the vuality of the rooms. Certainly not 5 star standard. The pool was also horrible and very old. On the plus side the food was good and the location is great for a trip to the theatre. Not a place to stay with kids,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another Perfect Stay,"Our second visit to the Waldorf and no complaints at all. We were on a coach trip c/o GB Tours which was excellent value. We were very pleased to be upgraded to a superior deluxe, huge room with a  huge bathroom, with every amenity one could wish for.  We ate in the Homage Grand Salon Restaurant, excellent food though a limited choice, but still perfect.  Breakfast was amazing everything you could imagine and as much as you can eat, all restaurant staff were charming. We were also booked for afternoon tea later in the afternoon, none of us felt hungry after the huge breakfast. the afternoon tea was perfect, gorgeous cakes and scones.  All in all we had an excellent time at the Waldorf and hope to treat ourselves again sometime soon,",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money in central London,"We stayed there for one night in a basic double room which cost £220 exc breakfast through a discount booking web site.  Room was smallish but very well designed and had everything you could need like iron,  trouser press,  tea/coffee etc.  Modern design,  very comfortable bed and reasonable air conditioning.  Staff were extremely helpful.  Pleasant bar and public areas.  Easy walk to river and public transport",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Awesome location!,This hotel is really nice and the staff are awesome! I love the location.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
5193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location but not a fancy Waldorf,"Key reason to stay here is the great location. Also a fitness center in lower level. Rooms are incredibly small and variable...you may have a reasonable room for one visit and a dreadfully small, tired room the next. Service is average...you'd expect at least that or better from a Waldorf.  ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5190-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Thoroughly disappointed.,"This isn't the worst hotel I've stayed in, far from it, but it's amongst the most disappointing. The location is great, but that isn't down to the current management, that was decided in the early 1900s. I'm actually lay in the bed of one of the newly refurbished rooms and actually mustered enough inclination to write my first tripadvisor review.  I returned from the theatre tonight to a message on the answer phone checking that everything is okay. It's the modern idea of 'good service' but in reality, why is it up to me to report that the shower door doesn't open properly because it's hinges we're fitted incorrectly leaving the door scraping against the floor. Why would anyone in full control of their faculties not design rooms with doors on the toilet area. Wanting a door on…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location - keep working on that renovation, however","I had some points and I needed one night in London, and the Paddington Hilton wasn't available.   Pros- location is excellent.  Convent Garden is around the corner.  The River Thames, Trafagar Square, and Westminster Abbey an easy walk.  It is a pretty older building, with a lovely lounge and bar area.  They knew it was our anniversary and provided us with a little treat, always appreciated.  I also appreciated the complimentary plate for fresh fruit and chocolate.  The best thing was being able to push back our checkout time - that was deeply appreciated and made our last day in London excellent. Cons - concierges not particularly warm and not so knowlegable - gave my husband the wrong info on which bus to take.  At check in I was told we were upgraded, when in fact we were not…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Complete letdown - unacceptably poor service for a Hilton hotel,"I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton twice in the 8 months.  Both times, there were: - an appalling lack of customer service - no attention to detail - poor followup and response time on messages/requests/issued raised  During my first stay, among other things, a simple request for a power extension cord was only attended to after half a day of waiting and many calls to check what the hold up was.   In my most recent trip 2 weeks ago, I checked-in in the late afternoon and encountered from the start, service unbefitting that of a Hilton branded hotel and issues that shouldn't have even been issues: - the room was not ready - there was no hot water - the in-room safe was faulty  Inspite of my request and messages left at 5pm and my following up at 11pm, the situation remained status…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
5197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional hotel, Fantastic staff, Great dining experience","We stayed here for a weekend with my sister and brother-in-law, at the begining of July to celebrate three birthdays.  We were greeted by the reception staff who were so friendly and informative, they took our bags and arranged for them to be taken to our room when the rooms were ready. They then showed us up to the executive lounge for light refreshments, where we checked in and waited for our rooms. Gratefully appreciated after our 4.5hr journey. (arrived at  1.30pm) Again the staff were very friendly and helpful, informing us as soon as our room was ready. (ready by 2pm)   As it was myself and husbands birthday a day apart, we received a cake and a complimentary sparkling wine and beer voucher in our room.   Unfortunately I had developed a stomach bug on Tuesday and my…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
5198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,Quietly classy! No big brash reception but nice rooms and brilliant breakfast.,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
5199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5195-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ideal Location for a Quick Trip,"I recently spent about 48 hours in London.  The Waldorf was a splurge for my friend and I, but we had some hilton points burning a hole in our pocket!   The rooms were nice and well appointed.  The bathrooms were quite large with plenty of counter space for 2 girls to spread out.  The shower was a full tub and the beds were pretty comfy.    But the best part about the hotel was the location.  A quick walk to:  Covent Garden Covent Garden Tube Station British Museum St. Paul's Globe Theater Tons of Theaters Quick cab or walk to King's Cross (where we too a train to Paris for a day)  We felt very safe, even when walking back from the tube late at night.    Not sure how I'd feel if I was paying full price, but definitely appreciated being close to lots of attractions and a tube…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our experience,"We had a great experience.  Our room was of high quality and the staff, although very busy, was outstanding.  We stayed here two nights. The bedding was what we like to see out of American hotels, plush and comfortable, and we had not issues with noise.  We liked the location and felt it was centralized for all of the touring and walking that we wanted to do.  We took advantage of the hop-on-hop-off bus that stopped at the corner.  If you do like to attend shows, you can not beat this area. We felt everything was very clean and we had no concerns about the safety at night.  We would definitely come back.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Can't beat the location, but that's about it","The Waldorf Hilton is a beautiful building with a great location if you want to see the shows. However that's about it. We couldn't sleep for two nights because we could just hear just about anything in the rooms next door. Horrid experience. I would also not recommend to visit the pool in the basement, unless you like mould.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
5202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Much better hilton hotels in london,"We stayed for one night.   The service is very good.   However the rooms are very small and ours was dark and quite depressing.   The shower screen had a leak and water poured everywhere and the bathroom was poorly designed with nowhere to put anything.   The health club closed at 5.30pm on a weekend, very odd for a 5 star hotel in central London.   Overall I would say that this hotel is poor value for money.   We have stayed at most hiltons in London and to date this was the most disappointing.   We would not stay again.",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
5203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful place to stay,"Had a great weekend and found the stay at the Waldorf very comfortable, friendly and helpful. We would stay here again. Breakfast is a must. ",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5200-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Sparkling afternoon Tea at the Waldorf,"Yesterday we had sparkling afternoon tea with a Groupon voucher.  The positives:  The staff were polite and attentive.  The food was good quality and they made arrangements based on my booking which warned them that I did not eat meat.  We were served the prosecco (choice of white or rose') to begin with and then the food tray was brought to the table.  At first sight the offering looked meagre, 5 little sandwich slithers (salmon, tomato, cucumber, ham,  egg - two cucumber ones for me), pot of strawberry jam, pot of clotted cream, 4 little pastries, but once the 4 scones (two with raisins and two plain) were also served, I was actually quite full.  Amazingly people around us were not finishing all of the pastries!  The bread used was lovely and tasty.   The scones lovely and…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
5205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good service, good location for night life","The service was very good from bell service, front desk and conceige.  We reserved the room was newly renovated but no smoking room available.  So we turned out picked the smoking room with no refurbished. The toilet was quite old style but other than that was ok.  Again, same as we stayed at Marriott Park Lane, they gave us 1st floor.  Our room window view was facing a big air flow pipe.     The location was better than Marriott Park Lane as there were so many restaurants, shops and pubs around Convert Garden.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, good service, good location","This is a very good hotel with nice rooms and excellent service. A very good breakfast restaurant where the right waiter can get you a decent macchiato.  The rooms are a little small but it is London after all, so it's not out of the ordinary in that regard.  Nicely decorated and it looks like it was reasonably recent.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Gorgeous, right in the middle of the theater district!!",This hotel is absolutely centrally located in London's theater district...and an easy walk to Covent Gardens. The rooms are nice and clean. Beautiful hotel.,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
5208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Recent Renovations make this a great place to stay,"Have been staying at the Waldorf Hilton for years and my only complaint has been that the rooms furnishings were outdated.  Was recently there and received a renovated room and it was terrific.  A great facelift.  Much more contemporary, bright and with technology to get things done.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5205-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, staff who make an effort, but not New York Waldorf calibre","Stayed 1 weekend night in London with my wife to meet up with friends as we are from out of the area. Efficient check in , room was nice, very clean and soundproofing to the street below was excellent. Breakfast next morning was  well worthwhile with  full breakfast range either as  a la carte or buffet. The thing which wasnt  to our liking was that, despite having the air conditioning on to cool the room, it was not effective and therefore the room was uncomfortable to sleep in as it was too warm.  Hotel is walking distance to Covent Garden tube and lots of good restaurants in the area.  Wouldnt return unless they had fixed the air.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fine, but nothing special","The location is very convinient if you're there for sightseeing. I guess that's what you're paying for. The hotel itself, however, is nothing special. I was a bit disappointed. First we got there and were told that we're staying in a twin room. My husband and I distinctly remember him booking a double room on the phone. They did switch us to a double, but the tone was very much IT IS YOUR FAULT AND WE'RE DOING YOU A FAVOUR HERE. The room was a standard, so I admit we couldn't ask for much, however it was small and rather plain. Basically our standard room at the Hilton in Gatwick Airport was actually much, much nicer. Oh, and when we asked them to keep our bags for us for a couple of hours after we checked out they again used the WE'RE DOING YOU A BIG VAFOUR tone when informing…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,a bit disappointing really,"Where is the Waldorf Astoria experience? I have stayed at the NY W/A for 40 years. This is no W/A.  I stayed here in mid june for 4 days. i paid up a bit for nicer room and was literally looking out on the roof from my 3rd floor room. that had a bed as soft as the roof i looked out on. as hilton honors gold that would turn diamond on this trip (in June no less) i was really surprised that i couldn't get an upgrade per hilton policy for gold and diamonds and on an amex platinum. i get this in nearly every other hotel. Not even ""we have no upgrades available but i can allow you into the executive lounge."" nothing. so i left early. got no sleep on that rock.  my perspective: PLUS: location, bathroom. covent garden area is really nice and close by (5 blocks max) as well.  MINUS:…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,splendid!,"\great location, loved the modernised room, staff were very helpful, exec loung met expendations, but the breakfast was the best in the restaurant. \great \london experience!",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Great location.  Rooms were clean, but a bit confusing.  We had a traditional room adjoining a ""green"" room.  Couldn't figure out how green applied to the room.  A glass shower that was the centerpiece of the room ?  Showering was on a raised platform/tub, center stage?  I had to lock the door from adjoining kids room to shower!!  Not convenient.  Also, tons of light switches everywhere....including 4 on the headboard...a total of 12 light switches.  Never figured out what went to what.  Toilet is behind sheer ""frosted"" glass.  So you are on stage showering and going to the bathroom.  Not my thing.  Shouldn't have changed room from traditional theme.  Avoid the newer""green"" rooms....don't make sense?  Some decorator clearly got a huge deal with Hilton for decor.  It doesn't make…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5210-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!,"Something should be wrong with the Waldorf brand. Clearly is not living according to its place in history as ""home away from home for Kings, Presidents and Dignitaries"". At least in London. With a great location, the hotel has a small lobby and even a small and deserted concierge area. I am at the top floor on a room that is disappointing for its lack of space, specially the restroom. Lack of personality and on top, 24 hours later, it has not being clean. Breakfast was good but nothing to remember. I will not come back.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good last minute bargain,"Booked on a late booking site - proved to be good value  I liked the feel of both the old and new - they'd kept the feel of the old style hotel when you came in (sort of place to go for a ""High Tea"") whilst also refurbing the rooms in a contemporary way.  They'd had to work around some things - like the room shape - and thought they'd done it well.  Room was smallish - but worked OK.  Nice big TV and whilst I might have struggled to get the ironing board out it was a nice room.  Good location to get out and about - and whilst I didn't go to the theatre you are right next door to a couple of them  Would certainly recommend staying here....",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed at Waldorf for one night whilst attending a meeting a short distance from the hotel, upgraded to an executive room which gave free access to executive lounge.  Very nice food and drink within the lounge which was all complimentary.  Staff were very pleasant and overall I was very impressed with the hotel.  I stayed at the hotel approx one year ago and the stay was equally good then as well",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Booked for afternoon tea with a group of girls from work what a disappointment the china was what you would have in a cafe not a top hotel the sandwiches all tasted the same, scones were stale, the cakes were very boring and on top of that the service was really bad never came to table to ask if we needed anything we had to keep looking for staff to top up tea, milk ect and even then they were not very helpful, would never go there again.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pity about the internet charges,"I have a bee in my bonnet about hotels charging for internet connection. More of them are waking up to the necessity to offer free internet, but too many of them are, bluntly, ripping off their guests with charges of anything between £14 and £20 a day. It costs the hotel nothing (they would have internet for their back office functions anyway) so why charge the guests.  The Waldorf Hilton is a good quality hotel with excellent staff and super rooms. We paid £40 a night more for the upgrade to an executive room which gave access to the executive lounge for breakfast, high tea and canapés, so good value if you make full use of these things - and internet was free in the lounge. The restaurants were also good and offered excellent value for pre-theatre dinner too. It would have…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5215-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,This hotel knows how to go above and beyond when it comes to decor and customer service. They are so lovely and we were made to feel special from the moment we walked through the door. Great location too. Would definately revisit.,Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
5220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A lovely birthday treat,"I was treated to a night here and went with my friend in April 2012. Full of old world charm. Our room was huge and comfortable and was a good mix of hi tech and classic, the bathroom was as it was when the hotel was originally built in the early 1900's and was wonderful. We ate in the restaurant from the a la carte menu and the food was first class. Breakfast was buffet style and ample. Staff were very accommodating. The hotel is full of history and we were very disappointed to find that we could have booked on a tour of the hotel in the afternoon. I definitely intend to return to sample the famous afternoon tea and do the tour. A real treat",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
5221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Expected more,"Stayed at this hotel with my wife and two friends, to be quite honest I expected more for the price. We had two executive rooms which were ok, nothing special, the room was clean and bathroom clean, staff friendly, breakfast ok, just did not impress me at all and I think they do trade on the name, the exec lounge was ok, in fact it was all just ok but at £240 a night I have stayed in better.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Appalling customer service,Arrived at 7pm after a long day of work and travel to be told my room wasn't ready. Kept waiting for an hour in the lobby. I've had better service at a Premier Inn at a quarter of the price. Not what I expect for £220 per night,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
5223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"I only visited the Waldorf Hilton briefly, however I rate it highly, the staff are very friendly and approachable, and over-all it's a very clean and well-run hotel. Perfect stay for a theatre break.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5220-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor staff,Booked into this hotel using the secret hotel offer from last minute. The booking said we could check in at 13:30 turned up at 14:15 and was told the room wasn't ready and would be guaranteed by 15:00. Fine! Went back at 15:20 and room wasn't ready. What's the point in a guarantee? Reception staff just said it wasn't her fault - great team work! Then the toilet in our broke and were told to put our hand in the system and manually flush it. Breakfast was great as was the rest of the hotel. ,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very poor for the price we paid,"We were expecting a very grand well kept hotel but found something very different! The front of the hotel looked very scruffy. The reception was like a something we would expect to find in the travellodge, but worse. The room itself was ok but nothing special. The location of the hotel was good. Overall we would not stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
5226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Stayed at this hotel whilst in London on business on Monday 18 June 2012. Very impressed with standard of room, staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was first class and the leisure centre in the basement level was ideal. Overall, worth a look if you're after a central London hotel and I would certainly use again.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous location, beautiful hotel.","A group of 9 of us stayed for a weekend in June in 3 executive rooms with executive lounge access. I can honestly say it's the best executive lounge I have experienced. The breakfast, snacks, afternoon tea and canapes were all delicious and the choice of complimentary alcoholic drinks in the evening was excellent. My friend has a wheat allergy and after informing the hotel in advance food was specially prepared for her. All hotel staff were very friendly and we all felt thoroughly spoilt. We will definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,This hotel is improving its facility - service was solid this trip,"Returning this month after several months (November was last stay), there is evidence that the property is having a bit of a makeover...  This time my check-in experience was smooth, despite it being a bit early, whereby on previous trips, I have had to wait -- but not this time; also, I was upgraded without delay, being a Gold HHonors member - this property does not always do this...  The lounge was remodeled - food was pretty much the same quality - the staff very helpful and always seem to go ""over and above""... This was a business trip, so it was a good place to wind down after the day...  Gym access is great, as it's a full gym - LA Fitness.  This is about my seventh stay at this hotel - and probably the most trouble free...",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5225-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location Great Hotel,"My wife and I spent a long weekend (3 Nights) in the Waldorf Hilton Covent Garden.   Some of the reviews given gave us some cause for concern especially regarding the rooms, however we were given a very nice executive room on floor ""E"" with a large open plan bathroom and very spacious bedroom facing on to the Aldwych.  A very comfortable firm bed (this seems to be a feature of Hilton bedrooms) and interesting lighting.  The Executive lounge is spacious and comfortable, with a constant supply of nibbles etc. A full breakfast is served in the exec lounge but we prefer to have it in the restaurant which is really very pleasant in the Waldorf with an excellent choice to suit all tastes. Very efficient and courteous staff are the norm here.  As for the location it couldn't be better…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I stayed here for a weekend in June and got a great rate as part of the getaway promotion of about 150 pounds a night, which for a 5 star hotel in central London is a great value. For this I got a queen deluxe room in the back of the hotel on the second floor. The room did not have much a view, but I did expect one as I was probably paying less than almost anyone else in the hotel. Plus, if I want to see London, I'll venture out of the hotel. The room itself was very nice. It was much bigger than I expected, seemed recently updated and had a large bathroom. Outside the room, I did not use many of the hotel's services, though I had a few drinks and a snack in the hotel bar (which I thought were reasonably priced by London standards). The only draw back was the apparent lack of…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst stay at a Hilton property ever! House keeping walked in on us having sex!,"I just recently returned from a visit to London where I stayed at two separate Hilton properties; the South Kensington Hilton and the Waldorf Hilton.  As wonderful as my experience was at the South Kensington Hilton, I should not have changed hotels. However, because the Waldorf Hilton is an iconic landmark in the theatre district, I chose to stay there on the second night of my holiday. This was a tremendous mistake! When I attempted to check-in at 14:40, I was told that my room was not ready. I do understand that check-in was not until 15:00, but would have thought that in a hotel as large as the Waldorf Hilton, that they would not wait until the very last second to have the house keeping staff prepare rooms. Nevertheless, I told the personnel at the front desk that I would be…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
5232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,lovely experience,Had a lovely stay in a newly refurbished room. Breakfast was beautiful and we were made very welcome for our  25th Anniversary celebration by staff.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very nice london hotel. Had a suite which was nice and spacious,great location for theatre and covent garden.nice little bar at front of hotel which serves a lovely afternoon tea.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
5234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5230-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great night in London,We were upgraded to an Executive room which was very stylish and had a very comfortable bed and huge bathroom. Executive lounge was busy but plenty of freshly served food and great service.   Enjoyed a good nights sleep and had breakfast in the lounge which was serving both hot and cold food.  A great hotel offering good accomodation and great service in an ideal location for exploring London.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel In A Great City..,"We stayed in the Waldorf Hilton for a few days before taking a cruise around the UK.  We have been to London several times but this was our first stay at this hotel.  The hotel has the elegance of Old London with all the modern amenities.  It is a little pricey but we thought it was worth the extra cost.  It is in an excellent location near the theaters and the action of modern London.  There was a little mix up on our reservation but the staff was very helpful in correcting our minor problem.  The staff and the reception desk manager are friendly, efficient and well versed in the customer first attitude we have come to expect from Hilton.    The Honors lounge was well equipped and they had a superb continental breakfast as well as wonderful afternoon tea.   You are treated like…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea at the Waldorf...,"My mother and I went for afternoon tea at the waldorf last Monday, and we were not overly impressed with the selection of food offered. Although the ambience was impressive (as expected), the selection of sandwiches and cakes offered were not worth the £26 we each paid. The 'finger sandwhiches' were made of cold bread, which seemed cheap and stale, and consisted of 'ham and mustard' - which was in fact a cheap, processed slice of 'ham' with a slither of butter. The 'tomato and cheese' sandwhich was soggy and there was no sign of any cheese whatsoever. The cakes on top were hard and also seemed stale, so we asked the waitress to swap these for us.   We are fully aware of the 'minimal' gimmic associated with such places, however, we have experienced afternoon tea at various other…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Poor,"I have just checked in & am currently in my room having pointed nearly an hour ago that my air con doesn't work.   First I was offered a fan!   Then they sent me 'an engineer' who openly admitted that he wasn't an engineer, shrugged his shoulders & left.  Then then offered me a fan!!  I am currently sat in my [rather stuffy] room, hungry & waiting to see if are prepared to move me. Unfortunately I'm having to rely on 3G to type this as the hotel broadband appears to actually be BT Openzone, which you only get if you are a a subscriber to that service.   Poor.  I should say that I have Diamond HiltonHonors status...goodness knows what response I'd have got if I wasn't. Maybe: 'Perhaps sir would like to stick his head out of the window if he is hot'.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worth a look,"Good hotel close to the theatres and restaurants of the Wesr End district. Check-in staff very efficient and helpful, concierge services excellent for directions and advice. Executive Lounge access offers free wifi Internet privileges and includes breakfast - a great spread. Lounge was full every night for canapés but service managed to keep pace, which was impressive. Will stay again for convenience of the West End",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5235-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Spoil yourself,"Expensive YES but look at what you get a beautiful room ,superb bathroom ,fabulous staff and breakfast fit for a king",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Classy,"Have stayed at this hotel a couple of times and always enjoy it. It's in an excellent location, ideal for Covent Garden and Theatre land. I love the bar, especially the complimentary little nibbles you get with your drink. Have never stayed for breakfast but would like to if I ever stay again. Nowhere near as expensive as some of the 5 star luxury hotels in London, but a classy place.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
5241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"good location, shame about the room","first impressions are a rather small dingy place, but the staff were helpful at check in. \the room was tiny with the double bed only accessible from one side. The room was clean though and the bed comfortable. The hotel is very close to the theatre district.  Tip: We arrived on a saturday at about 2.pm and you can park quite easily for free on the street within a ten minute walk and avoid the rather eye watering cost of the valet parking provided by the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Waldorf,"We stayed here for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it all.   The staff,from the doormen (very helpful with a brolly when it rained to answering questions about directions etc) to the young men who kept filling our glasses with orange juice at breakfast, were so polite, charming and efficient - the best in any hotel we've stayed in!   We were lucky enough to have access to the VIP lounge as we had an executive king size room (very comfortable and very very spacious!), the lounge was open all day and we could have coffee, snacks, and at night a glass of wine and canapes.   This was such a treat and I had no idea this was available until check-in so it made our stay that much more of a treat.   The breakfasts were fantastic - just about everything you could think of for continental…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lush!,Overnight package coach tour or would never have afforded the room price! . Breakfast choices amazing.  Cream tea of finger sandwiches & cakes. Sandwich flavours could be better by being planer otherwise well served & presented in beautiful room. Loved the stay and the staff . Felt special . ,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
5244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5240-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable but expensive,"The hotel looks really impressive from the outside so I was expecting the rooms to be a little more luxurious than they were. They were nice and clean but a bit small; I've stayed in nicer rooms in three/four star hotel and for a lot less - all in the UK. We got this stay on a special deal, had we not, I would have been disappointed. The shower was great, really powerful and the bathroom was quite nice. The staff were very polite on check in and out. The location was great, walking distance of Waterloo Station, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, etc. I felt the menu was good but expensive so we opted to have dinner in Covent Garden instead.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good location.,"Stayed here for one night during the diamond jubilee holiday. Managed to get a good price by booking direct with the hotel - £170, this was very competitive compared with similar hotels.  There were three staff at reception and we were seen to immediately. The guy who checked us in was very courteous but had quite a strong accent - East European I think, which made it difficult to understand him. We were offered a discount on the breakfast £17 instead of £22 if I remember correctly, but declined.  Our room was on the fourth floor, but we did not encounter any additional stairs as some reviewers have mentioned.  Our room was the basic Queen Guest Room and was not a bad size and it had been cleaned to a high standard. Facilities were as advertised, tea and coffee, hairdryer, iron…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"A great location for the theatre and Covent Garden.  Shame there is no onsite parking, but thats London for you.  We drove around for quite sometime looking for somewhere to park the car before we realised the conceierge did it for you.  They could make this service a bit more obvious to guests,  The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom was clean but the decor was very tired - the shower tray was cracked and the tiles were discoloured.  The cocktails served in the bar were amazing!  Breakfast was superb!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Pricey but a great stay,"We stayed in an executive room with access to the executive lounge. Bed was very comfortable and a very good nights sleep and room was perfect. In the executive Lounge we had free internet and non alcoholic drinks all day and alcoholics ones in the evening. Food is generally niblles and some hot food in the evening, but was fine for what we wanted. Staff very attentive and looked after guests.  Hotel was chosen as we went to see Top Hat which was a few doors down (which was an excellent show) Definitely would go back but at the prices charged would be for more special occasions as you would be able to get two nights in other London Hiltons for the same price.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
5248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Good base in central London,"Best thing about the Waldorf Hilton is the location. You can walk easily to Covent Garden, West End theatres, South Bank and many galleries.  Our rate didn't include breakfast but on arrival we were offered a special rate of £14.50 which was good value for breakfast in a London hotel.  Our standard Queen room was stylish and quiet, although the view was onto another building and air conditioning unit.  A comfortable night and helpful staff.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5245-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Nice, but too pricey for what is offered","I stayed here for a two-day conference in May, which was taking place in the same hotel. I paid a hefty £ 350 per night, this was exclusive of breakfast and use of wi-fi (which is, like most other hotels in London, £15 for 24 hrs - which is outrageously high by any standard). The rooms are nice, the lobby and conference venue add to the atmosphere of the old building and the location is good - but none of this is outstanding, which I would have expected for the price. I stayed in a similar hotel on the Strand the month before and paid £100 less for something similar.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Broken promises,"We booked two interconnecting rooms last September. I also requested refurbished rooms. I rang to confirm a week or so before to arrange valet parking and intereconnecting rooms.We arrived early on Saturday 2nd June, car parked thank you, checked in, rooms not ready yet, no problem, but they confirmed interconnecting. Came back in the afternoon to collect keys for interconnecting rooms........go to rooms....go to interconnecting door.........wardrobe!!! The duty manager was doing his best to calm me down but the hotel was full. The Jubilee!  How much notice do the hotels need? ..........and the rooms were not the refurbished ones!  Breakfask average but I don't like precooked fried eggs.  I would stay again because the duty manager was helpful, reasonably priced rooms and…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,They made up for past mistakes,"I gave a previous review of this property stating that while I liked my rooms, billing was a fiasco.  After finally straightening that out, the manager offered me a discount to return. I had a recent occaision to take them up on that.  When I returned, I was impressed to see that the same front desk clerk checked me in, but this time she was being closely observed by a manager. Since most of my billing problems had seemed to stem from improper procedures at the desk, I was glad to see she was getting additional training and scrutiny.  It looked like the staff had listened to the problem and taken steps to fix it, which is all one can ask.  My stay this time was very smooth.  I again had a very nice room on the executive floor, and the location couldn't be better for exploring…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,It keeps on getting better,"Ardent followers of my reviews (there must be one surely!) will know that my first review of this hotel was less than kind, however, a fairly long conversation with the charming Peter Beckwith, the Hotel's General Manager persuaded me to go back and I did and I've just been back again. I cheat, a make my reservations by emailing the GM's office direct, his PA sorts things out and due to a slight mistake recently which I won't go into, we've even had a good giggle together. This time they put me in one of their newly refurbished (very newly you could smell the 'newness') Executive Rooms on the 3rd Floor. They've certainly pulled the stops out here. I've attached a couple of pics with this review. Service was exceptional, room was made out when I went out in the evening and the…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay - but not quite 5*,"Stayed at the Waldorf over the bank holiday weekend. Hotel is very nice - The room was very clean/comfortable and bathroom fairly large although no robes or separate shower which is what you might expect in a 5* hotel. However we didn't pay a 5* price so it was excellent value for money and the location is great. Breakfast expensive at £22 but I guess thats not out of the ordinary these days and the quality/variety of breakfast buffet was very good. Also had dinner there in the homage restaurant - again very nice - lovely surroundings, good service and lively atmoshere. Like another reviewer we didn't press the button for the room to be cleaned so didn't have any fresh towels/toiletries for the next day but they did bring some up to us even though it was nearly midnight. Very…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5250-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A Great Old Hotel Resting on its Laurels,"Frankly, we were quite disappointed at the  service and the lack of follow through by staff.  On at least 3 occasions, staff were to phone me regarding a situation we had highlighted and in none of the cases did they do so.  Further, the wire basket in the bathroom shower/tub area was rusty and, finally, some of the tub caulking was blackening.  The most disappointing thing, however, was the unavailability of either the pool or the fitness centre while we were there.  This was compounded by the confusion of staff re the actual hours of availability due to the ""bank holiday"" and the blaming of the situation on L.A. Fitness, the service provider.  Our contract for service was with the hotel and not the third party supplier and to not have the pool and the fitness centre ruined our…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Afternoon Tea Review only,"We've just had Afternoon Tea here at the Waldorf, and although it was nice, it certainly did not fill you up! I have to say that the waiting staff were very good and were quick to take away your empty plate. You only received 5 finger sandwiches which in real terms amounts to one whole round!, two miniature scones and two mini cakes. I am not a greedy person but would rather pay the extra money and have tea at the Ritz, where your plate is refilled and you feel that you have had your moneys worth. The only thing that we were offered to be refilled today was the tea, and that was tasty. I left with the feeling that for the price i had been a little cheated",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Comfortable room; service not up to Hilton standards,"Stayed 3 nights on a business trip. Good location. Room was comfortable and nicely appointed, though predictably small. The standard room was adequate for one but would have been too small for two (only places to sit were the desk chair and one easy chair squeezed between the bed and the window.)  It's the uneven quality of the service that left me cold. After my first night, a glass and coffee cup I used were not replaced but were left in the room where I left them. Sloppy. Additionally, I used up the coffee packets provided and they were not replaced. I figured the housekeeper would catch this after the second night, but she did not. On the third day, I asked at the front desk to have replacement packets sent up to the room, but they never arrived. A brief conversation with…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location But that's all.,This hotel is in a fantstic location and for that reason I would stay again if I got the same deal. Got a good deal in the Hilton sale so 2 nights for the price of one. Don't feel that the full price would be worth it at all.   Booked a queen deluxe and we were given one of the newly refurbished ones. The check in girl told us we were getting a lovely large room but it was anything but! This was a very small room with no comfortable sitting area - just a chair squeezed in the corner or a desk. Bed was small but very comfortable. Nicely decorated in a very modern design. The hair dryer was stowed in the mirrored wardrobe so standing only for drying hair as there was no mirror above the desk.   The room was not as clean as I would have expected. The shelves in the wardrobe were so…,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
5258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Old but still with a lot of class,"The Waldorf has been there for ever but is in one of the best locations in London and still has loads of class. The other major plus with this hotel is the highly efficient and very friendly staff, not always found in London hotels. Some of the fittings in our executive room were quite dated but everything worked ok. However the leisure facilities, provided by L.A.Fitness, are way below the standard of the hotel and are not owned by the Hilton group. All in all a great hotel in a marvellous location.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
5259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5255-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Not child friendly,"I stayed at this hotel with 2 of my children who were aged 4 and 6 at the time and there was nothing for them to do at the hotel, they were very bored and were getting restless at dinner time as they had to dress up and the food was disappointing. Although the staff were brilliant and we received a good service from them",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,SO DISAPPOINTED!!!,"My husband and I were so excited to be staying at this Hotel ..... child free in luxury !!!  We were in a room on the 7th floor, it was very small and outdated. There was no view at all, both the bedroom and bathroom had 2 tiny round windows. There was a skylight above the bed, the first night we were woken at 4am as soon as it got light.  The room isn't automatically cleaned you have to press a button that lights up in the hallway to let the cleaners know you want it doing - no one told us about this so we returned from a long days shopping in the rain to no clean towels or bedding and no toiletries. When I asked if we could have some clean towels and toiletries you would have thought I was asking for the world !!  The cups in the room are made of metal so if you make a hot…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
5261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","I booked a 4 night stay here as the finale to a UK visit for spouse spice's birthday.  Booking well in advance and making a non-refundable no changes booking through the Hilton website, I got an amazing deal of a suite for less (just) than GBP 300 p/n, which I considered to be extraordinary value for London in May.    Our check-in could, frankly have been better - while the concierge and door staff were welcoming and helpful, the desk staff on reception appeared a little overwhelmed and couldn't tell us if our room was ready or not - this was after 2pm on a Friday afternoon, which was pushing the boundaries a bit.  The upside to this was we had the opportunity to wander around the area a little and found a great Tapas bar around the corner, so our gain overall.  We finally got…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Probably one the best hotels in the UK,"I have had to stay in a number of UK hotels on business. However, this rates as the best by far. The staff, facilities and location are excellent as is the value for money. I have stayed recently in other London hotels which are not great when compared to this. One point to note the bar and restaurant prices are very high, even for London. A G&T at the bar cost £10.50!",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in London,"I have stayed at this hotel twice, most recently in late May 2012.  I was greeted by name at check-in and was immediately given a newly refurbished room #332 (workers were still painting down the hall, but it wasn't a problem) and my luggage was promptly delivered to my room.  The room was hot, so I asked the bellman to check the air conditioning.  He said it was set on the maximum cool setting.  I left the hotel for a few hours and when I returned, the room was still very hot.  I went to the front desk and the response was a ""shrug of the shoulders"" but the maintenance engineer was called.  He quickly came to the room and agreed there was a problem, but he could not figure out how to repair it.  I asked if my room could be switched but he said the hotel was full.  He did say he…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5260-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing.,"I'm going to be brief!  This hotel is Location, Location, Location.  That's it!  Very close to Covent Garden, lovely.  You can walk to the Ivy, Didn't have time to use the leisure facilities which may have been excellent.  Rooms overlooking the central courtyard very quiet indeed.  That's a good thing.  There is a metal sculpture in the room.  Should be melted down in to something useful.  Maybe a crash barrier or wheelchair.  Bathrooms, well I sell bathrooms, you may die of old age if I tell you what:s wrong with them! Save your self a bundle and if you are here to sightsee use a Premier Inn or Travelodge. If you have a bundle, the ""Savoy is wonderful"" This Hotel is all about location, trouble is when you leave you feel you could have spent more wisely.  Breakfasts utterly…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
5265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,High tea,"My husband treated me to high tea on our trip to London. We dressed up and I convinced him we would have fun.  We arrived and the hostess seemed confused by the reservation and told us to take a seat.  Then they set up a table in the entry hall.  Everyone else was taken into the grand salon as we sat in the entry. Having spent almost $50 and our reservation saying the grand salon it was very disappointing to be in the hall.  The tea and food was good.    We should have spoken up earlyer, but when we asked we were told that because we were only 2 people they put us in the entry.  If you choose to have tea at the Waldorf, make sure you are in the right room.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Traditional class under one roof!,"Currently being tastefully renovated.  Attentative service, relaxing ambience and spacious rooms with en suites.    Expected horse-drawn carriages outside!",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
5267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,No door on the bathroom?,"The thing that sticks out to me most about my room was the fact that there was no door to the bathroom. Trendy and open plan is not a nice combination for a toilet. The bathroom was good - the shower nice but it did come out of the bottom of the cubicle, the toilet standard but the toilet roll holder did fall off the wall? The beds very comfortable and the view missable. I found the room a bit dark too, and the mirror was in a bizzare place, in the dark. The hairdryer managed to give a blister on my mums finger- being metal the hairdyer was clearly again a case of looks over much else, which is what this hotel seems to be. The location is absoloutley great but I am not sure about this being ""Hilton"" quality. The receptionist was a bit sarky when checking out and the porters too…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel - Hilton should be embarrassed,"Those who have read my other reviews know I'm fair and don't often criticize, but this hilton is the worst ever - great location near theaters but book elsewhere - small (very small) rooms - especially the standard room - even the king delux is cramped. Slow reception and room service and the lady on reception when we checked in never smiled and was a pain to deal with. Every floor has stairs within it so get a porter to help with bags - there are 8 floors but the lifts only go to 7 - go figure? Poor wireless and the bathroom amenities are small, scarce and crap. I will never stay here again. I've warned you now, DON'T DO IT! ",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
5269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5265-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Everything you need for a London getaway,"My wife and I finished the last four nights of our European vacation at this hotel, and I have to admit, it was a great choice. The staff from the moment we arrived to the moment we left were attentive, kind, and very accommodating. The bedroom and bathrooms were larger than we were expecting. The hotel is within walking distance of more than a few great play / musical theaters. We saw Shrek - the musical, as well as Noises Off (I would recommend both). There are also many restaurants nearby from burger shops to fine steak houses. Covent Garden is nearby, and offers street performers, excellent shopping if you need to find souvenirs or a gift for a friends and family. You can easily walk to Tower of London, Houses of Parliament, British Museum, or Buckingham Palace. We only rode…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Good standard, friendly staff","2 night stay on honours points. Exec floor room not available 1st night but upgraded for 2nd night due to very efficient front desk / customer service lady (my apologies but I missed your name). Given access to exec lounge during stay which while a little small was very good, serving great breakfast menu, afternoon teas and canapes early evening. Lounge staff were attentive without being overly so, all very pleasant and helpful. Great location and would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
5271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,First Rate Hotel - luxury service in London,"My wife and I were here on business in February - and found the hotel warm and inviting and very comfortable.  The rooms are recently redone in this stately older hotel, and everything is up to date and excellent.    Business services are first-rate, and the Executive Club Lounge is terrific.  A stay in an Executive Room is worth the price.  The location on the Aldwych (one block off the Strand) is perfect for theater, restaurants, and walking around.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
5272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff,"Great staff, beautiful/clean modern rooms, and the location can't be beat.  You are very close to the Covent Garden tube stop, and can ask the doorman for directions anywhere you want to go.  The bathrooms are large and clean.  For Hilton Honors guests, the executive suite offers happy hour with drinks/snacks and breakfast.  I took my parents and we all really enjoyed our stay.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location and very comfortable stay,"My wife and I stayed at the Waldorf Hilton for one night over the Easter weekend (7th-8th April) and were extremely pleased with the experience. I am a Hilton gold card member and used a voucher for a stay to treat ourselves, combined with a theatre visit (we don’t normally stay in hotels of this standard or price). We were recognised as HHonours members and welcomed warmly as we arrived at the front desk and checked in promptly. Since our room was not ready we left our bags with the concierge and went into London to meet friends. If you’re considering this hotel then you already know that it has a fantastic location within easy walking distance of Covent Garden and the West End, Buckingham Palace, etc. When we came back to the hotel later in the day I was advised that we had…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
5274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5270-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location....good rooms.,Great location...central to everything. Rooms are stylish and different...bathrooms very good. Breakfast in Palm Court is terrific. HH member and always get upgrade which is appreciated. Only gripe is stairs at entrance...awkward with luggage...,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,'Plesantly Surprised',"Having read some of the reviews previously,we were slightly apprehensive checking into the Waldorf Hilton,but right from the outset we enjoyed great service,pleasant staff & a lovely room[refurbished.3rd floor].We'd arrived early,10.30am but were still able to be given our room straight away - that was great - fantastic location goes without saying - close to many theatres & good restaurants['Cotes' excellent value] around covent garden - my wife & i were down for a birthday weekend & reception sent up a bottle of wine & cake,as a gift - nice touch. - special mention must go to the staff at breakfast times in Homage - our main server/supervisor was 'Jesse' from Amsterdam who made our breakfasts such an enjoyable experience,a credit to the hotel [glass of champagne was lovely…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Great location, poor staff and service","Do not go here expecting 5-star service or facilities. I stayed here for a week with a friend who was on business and I would not recommend it; it's poor value for money - staff are poorly trained and the level of service is sub-par. Several times over the course of the week the room wasn't fully serviced (e.g. missing coffee mugs, tea, slippers, etc). Not a big deal, but each time I called down to request the missing items the person on the other end did not understand what I was asking for. They then had to send someone up to the door to ask in person, and then finally send another person up with the requested item. This happened 3 times during a 6 night stay. Also experienced rude front desk staff, and had to ask 3x in one day to get the room serviced, plus the rooms are…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
5277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Merdiocre hotel and very poor staff!,"I spent 4 days at this hotel (May 9th thru 13th May) and was very underwhelmed.  I arrived late on Wednesday night after a long flight from Moscow and was very tired. There was no doorman to help me with my luggage and then I had to drag my heavy suitcase up the 6 or 7 steps to reception. It was only as I finished getting up the steep steps that someone walked over and asked if I needed help. Too little too late.  My husband was already at the hotel so I went straight to the room. The lift opened on the 3rd floor. No carpets , although to be fair some new carpets were down the following day. And also buckets, ladders , drop cloths etc everywhere. Not a good first impression.  The room was fine. Not a bad size for London. We didn't hear any noise from the workman outside which…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Beautiful exterior but a little tired (internally),Stayed here for a romantic weekend with my husband. The building is a beautiful building and looks very impressive. Internally however the decor and rooms need a make over. We stayed on the 8th floor and the room was fairly small and dark.  The hotel location is ideal however to the main tourist attractions.,Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
5279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5275-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,We booked to stay for our first anniversary as we were planning on seeing a show in London.  Check in was fast and the reception staff were very helpful. The room was a nice size for us and very comfortable.  We would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great location,We were upgraded to one of the contemporary rooms which was funky but a little odd!  Hotel is lovely though and breakfast is the best hotel breakfast I've had.  Location is great as well with Covent Garden just around the corner.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Ratrher like the curate's egg,"Stayed at the Waldorf for one night on 11th May 2012.The hotel exudes an air of Victorian grandeur with all its public rooms. It has been changed to a Hilton and refurbished since my last stay some considerable time ago. Check in was a bit of a nightmare - we arrived at 12.30 and were told that the room would be ready shortly. We went for a walk and returned at 3.15 to be told that the room was ready but had not been checked so went for a drink in the bar returning about 20 minutes later. Yet again told that rom was not rwady due to an issue with a blocked sink. Told them not happy and they went to check if there was another room available, but in the event the problem was solved and we went to our room. This was disappointing - we had booked a Quenn Hilton room that I assumed…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Great with executive lounge,"We stay at Hiltons.  My husband is a diamond member so we often travel on points. If I had to pay for this hotel, I wouldnt stay here. While the outside is beautiful, the inside is pretty rundown. Its not worth the price. Staying at a cute boutique hotel would be better for the price unless you plan to hit the theatre every night you are there. It's right next door to a show after all. It's also not far from the Covent Garden tube station and a very quick walk to all sorts of shopping, restaurants and pubs. It's also only a 15- minute walk to Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery.  For Hilton travelers: There is a chance we got the worst room in the hotel. They tend to do that when you are using points, which makes no sense at all because we are the most likely customers to…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,A great location,"A great location close to theatres, the river and transportation.  I stayed for one night in a queen size bed room, although a tiny room and bathroom, the bed was delightfully comfortable and the room fairly quiet.  Staff are friendly and helpful, with a smooth check and check out procedure.  Ate in the restuarant for opne dinner, average food.  Overall, a cosy pleasant stay.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5280-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,The location is wonderful -you can walk almost anwhere you want to visit in central London.  The public areas are grand and the service is efficient and friendly.  So why am I disappointed?  I suspect it all depends upon the luck of the draw when rooms are allocated and that (understandably) the better rooms are reserved for those who pay the full rack rate .  I had a seventh floor room -the bathroom  looked tired and the room felt cramped for the price paid.  I may return because the location was ideal but will look to get a deal on a superior room,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel&service,"We stayed a few nights there in April. The building is beautiful, the staff is helpful, check in quick, professional, only they did not mention about the gym facilities(or, frankly, anything about the gym). We stayed in one of the Executive Room which was fantastic. Iconic hotel, deserves its good reputation.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
5286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, great location","As this was the last part of my holiday, I was really looking forward to staying in this property and wasn't disappointed.  On arrival the doorman greeted me and ushered me through the electric doors towards reception.  I was greeted professionally and welcomed warmly. I had booked a Deluxe Room and the young lady checked my preference for a non-smoking room (thank goodness), checked if I would like a newspaper or wake-up call and confirmed that breakfast was included. She then organized for my bags to be taken to my room as I was on the 8th floor which meant that I had to go upstairs as the lift only went to the 7th floor.  My room was gorgeous, very spacious, large bathroom, everything was clean, neat and tidy, I had the best sleep of my 5 weeks away in this hotel, so thank…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
5287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Stayed here for one night and used it as a base for a day/night out in London. Lovely building, very happy with the service. Room was an executive room which we had been upgraded to for some unknown reason. It was very nicely furnished and was very spacious.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
5288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Careful on room types,I stayed two nights here. Location is absolutely perfect. Close to everything.  The check-in went quite ok. There was a wedding going on when we arrived so not much help with the luggage that day!  The standard rooms are not better than a 3 star hotel. I appreciate that room sizes in London are generally smart. But the standard in the rooms here were also low. Tiled floowing and the hooks for the towels fall off if you hang anything on it! Also the shower walls are not well sealed or teh distance to cabinets not enough to let teh air flow causing significant fungues growth whcih si well visible through teh glas whcih is not a pleasant sight!  It must be mentioned taht this hotel is expensive too. The rooms compared to what you get are overthe top. Breakfast for 22 sterling?? I…,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
5289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5285-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Waldorf Hotel With Style, Panache and the best staff","i was meeting up with friends in the west end to go and see War Horse, a play which i would reccomend to all. The waldorf made this one of the best trips to the capital i have ever had. The reception staff could not have done more for you than these people did. when checking-in i asked about the avaliability of afternoon tea, this was the first time we met one of the most friendly members of staff i have encounted. Tom. he offered to book us in for both afternoon tea and Dinner, which we obliged to doing, we were celebrating our daughters 18th Birthday, and from the way Tom dealt with our booking it was almost like he only had us to look after and had no other guests. When we got to the restaurant this was disproved as this was one of the busiest restaurants in London. The…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay - not a hilton standard at all - highly overpriced!,"Had a really disappointing stay here. Check in was pretty bad, no offer of newspaper, wake up call, booking dinner, no info on hotel, breakfast or anything. We were upgraded from deluxe to deluxe plus, if you can call it an upgrade.  The rooms were supposedly newly done, but seemed to be done on the cheap!  Broken bath panel, broken (and dangerous wardrobe door, which a massive chunk of splitering wood glued back on and painted over), the room was filthy dusty and whilst this may sound fussy bear in mind the hotels five star status and price of rooms – the tv was not straight on the wall, some lights did not work properly, the pictures were not level etc etc. No water or anything in the room, which as gold Hilton we were expecting. Also the room was supposedly a twin, but its…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
5291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,"Not worthy of the Waldorf name from a service standpoint, but can't be beat for location for Hilton fans.","I stay here regularly, but have seen the service here deteriorate over the years.  The East European front desk staff and management seem to take a for mer soviet bloc/communist approach to customer service and hospitatlity.  Even as a Hilton Diamond an early check in request (at 1:45 pm) was rudely dismissed, and a key only produced well past the official check in time.  Requests for luggage to be brought up had to be submitted multiple times, and only fulfilled when going back downstairs in person and even then resulted in only a partial delivery.  It was like Basil Fawlty was running the place - it would have been hilarious if I hadn't flown over from Singapore earlier in the day.  The stringent and intransigent front and bell desk staff with the curt and clipped Polish…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
5292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay in March 2012,"Excellent stay on business and pleasure.  The rooms are a little small (Euro standard), but the Executive Lounge is second to none.  Very pretty old hotel and the staff is very accomodating.  Bar is quite expensive.  Construction was not an issue at all.  Would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
5293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193045-Reviews-or5290-The_Waldorf_Hilton_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,The Waldorf Hilton London Hotel Reviews,Amazing Breakfast!,"Had a fantastic nights stay here after watching Ghost the Musical. The room was lovely, shame the view wasn't.... We looked out onto an A/C unit... Ask for higher floor than 1 otherwise chances are your view will be the same unless you are facing the front. Was a very good location, you can walk to most Theatres apart from the one where Ggost was, so a short taxi ride needed.  Staff were very accomodating - the breakfast was truly wonderful, so much choice and all cooked perfectly. All mod cons in the room.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
