,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or0-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"This was the most awful hotel. I booked a week over the internet. Stayed there one night. That night was spent searching for a different hotel. The place is dirty, nasty, unsafe. Don’t believe the pictures they post. Hotel doesn’t look anything like the pics. It’s horrible!!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or0-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"This is the most foul and vile hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff are aggressive, arrogant and extremely rude. They act like a bunch of headless chickens with no organisation or protocol to follow. Our room was okay but so dirty! Then this alarm was going off at early hours of the morning, no staff informed us of what was happening, no one tired to fix the problem, they disregarded people’s concerns, the person at the desk even shamed another guest stayer in front of everyone ! Disgusting, the hotel staff had accused the alarm and flooding on this hotel guest, even mentioning it was one of their kids fault which it absolutely wasn’t. The whole first floor guests came down to the lobby complaining about the same problem. This was a fault by the hotel staff! To top it off when everyone including myself asked for the manager he was apparently on holiday with no way to contact him, they said to send an email or call a week later when he will be back! Well it’s two months later and no one has been in contact, all my emails have been ignored, and when I call they always tell me the same thing “the manager isn’t here” What a waist of £85! so disappointed also at the fact that at the time of booking they TAKE £85 from your account then charge you ANOTHER £85 when you arrive and don’t give the other £85 back until 7-10 days later! I will still be trying to claim my money back. I would highly recommend avoiding this hotel. The staff are so ignorant and unhelpful.…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or0-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad,"Not clean at all. Bed were broken. Leak from the toilet, sink and shower so the bathroom was wet all the time. The staff do not speak english. One of my worst stay. The pictures lie. I would never go back! ",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or0-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A dump,"Stayed here for two nights . Location is fine , very close to Paddington underground, but the place is a dump!   Arrived early and was met by a lady at the reception desk who said “check in is at 2”. This wasn’t a problem and we requested if we could just leave our bags in the luggage room, which she said “yes £5 per bag”. Bit steep but said we would pay it. She told us to leave the bags with her at reception and that she would leave them in the luggage room for us and that we pay when we come back for check in, grand. We arrive back at around 3pm to see our bags clearly visible at the reception desk where we left them. We took the bags ourselves when we checked in and brought them up to our room. When we left later that afternoon, the receptionist (a male this time) stopped us and said there was a note left for him for us to pay £10 for leaving our bags. We expressed our concern that we paid for a service that our bags be left in the luggage room , however they were just left at reception and told him that anyone could have just walked in and stolen our bags. He laughed it off and said “this place is very safe, nobody could have taken them cos we wouldn’t have let them” however our reply was “we literally walked in and took them and you said nothing to us”. (Bear in mind there was no label on the bags to Indic I ate they were ours). He persisted that we pay the £10 as his manager left him the instruction (I actually felt quite sorry for this receptionist as it had nothing to do with him as we left the bags with a lady earlier in the day and he was just following orders). He assured us that if the bags did get stolen then they would have paid for them.... bit of a mad response. He ended up not charging us as I felt he knew where we were coming from. We have no problem paying to leave our bags but expect that the service is fulfilled, and this time, it wasn’t.  The room was very basic , the whole ambience was just very dirty. Dirty plates and glasses left in the lobby area. Just an absolute dump overall with extremely poor customer service. I only started to appreciate the amazing customer service experiences in previous hotels I’ve stayed in after staying here, something I really took for granted!  …",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or0-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Can do better ,"When you check in for 2 nights already exhausted from travelling for the past week with a load of bags,you don’t expect to travel up 3 floor then across the hotel and then down 3 floors with no lift ! ",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or5-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",WORST 2 DAYS OF MY LIFE,"Where do I start? Terrible, horrible, vile!! What more ? The worst place iv ever stayed. Full of foreign people not 1 person English. Terrible rooms and service and when asked if I can have milk and sugar, I was not allowed and told no! I had cleaners not even knock but just walk in when iv been sleeping! Not asked for ID to prove it was me, just handed a key and told which room. Then got questioned saying it’s “not ok for a 18 year old to stay here” and was then questioned about my race. This place shouldn’t even be allowed open! Please do not visit!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or5-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",You HAVE TO BELIEVE the reviews,I'd say exactly the same as 99% of peoples left the reviews here... BE INTELLIGENT!!!! don't go to this terrible place!!! AWFUL!!! I suggest you guys put a little more money go to another hotel which you can leave your luggage for FREE and have a nicer staff.. I took this hotel because it was cheap BUT for the luggage storage I paid 5£ per luggage!!!!! The stuff make me paid 10£ before check-in and another 10£ when check out you can easily end up with over budget!!!!  BELIEVE REVIEW AND DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or5-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Puzzling ,Arrived hours early as check in is at 3pm wanted to make the most of our first day in London ... 5£ per bag to be kept in “a safe room” when we arrived back to collect our bags the “safe room “ was unlocked .... not a brilliant start .  Not excalty an enthusiastic member of staff waiting to greet you on the counter more likely a robotically trained gadget no smiles nothing .  Room very basic but clean which is a bonus there was a fan in our room which was good as the size of the room is very small and we would have being way to hot . Oh did I forgot to mention we had no lights in our room they did not work and we had a bed room window that does not shut I mean come on you can’t have everything can you .,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or5-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room ok but,"Really good location near Paddington Station. Room are ok. Beds as well. But.. breakfast room and its staff? Focus on your guest. Three women more concerned about their well being than we guest. The kitchen to the right when coming up the stairs. Oh my God. Better close that door quickly. Not pleasant view. Eat breakfast somewhere else. Remember, 5 GBP per bag storage. Come on.......",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or5-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Really good hotel in great location,"We booked this hotel last minute after having to flee a mold infested nightmare of a hotel after one night unexpectedly. We just wanted something clean and close to public transport. This hit the boxes.  Pros: + Location is great. Paddington station could not be any closer. Literally 2 minutes walk away. + The room was very modern, very nice. Somewhat small because there was a double and a single bed in the room, but clean. + The bathroom was small but also very modern, clean and just overall nice. No mold! + Price for the location and state of the room was fantastic.  Cons: - Since we escaped our last hotel as quickly as we possibly could, we were early for check-in. If you want to check in early (before 3pm), you have to pay a fee of something around 30/35 GBP (don't remember…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or10-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst rooms we've ever seen,"Dirty, little and extremely uncomfortable rooms; expecially the room number 702. We had a really bad experience with that room because we can't even go to the toilette, in fact we couldn't reach the sanitary because of the little space, we had our knees on our mouth for just peeing. For reaching the room we had to do 3 floors downstairs with a smell of mold and the dust. The window were disrupted and we can't even open them. The position is ok and also the price but the receptionist with brown hair seemed he was there to do us a favor and he CAN'T help us in any way. The other rooms were nice but don't take rooms that are not in floor because are holes, little and claustrophobic. Almost 10mq2 for 2 people, unacceptable. ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or10-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Borderline illegal,"(in a nutshell, don't stay here)   This hotel needs to be properly examined, no one in their right mind would rate this three stars.  It would be easier to list from mort obscene to least obscene;  Ladder laying in a fire escape route, fake fire escape (was just a boiler cupboard),  black mold and paint chipping around windows,  exposed concrete,  holes and dents on walls and ceilings,  Unsecure radiator cover with an exposed screw,  cracked toilet cistern,  tampered prices (downstairs price £8, upstairs prices £5). These listed issues have photos to accompany them.   However there were issues that couldn't be photographed; My first encounters were two men smoking on the stairs outside the building (which I would assume were either staff or 'mates' or the receptionist),  they…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or10-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely Budget Don't Expect Too Much.,"Room small, very basic, quite knocked about, it's a good location for Paddington station , there are plenty of eateries / pubs in a 5 minute walk, don't pay £5 for their breakfast go to Garfunkels, if you want a breakfast that you will know how going to turn out, or just walk up and down and take yer pick, they're all ok locally. Basically, it's somewhere to stick your head and have a clean up, you can do better for the money. And don't pay a lot!",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or10-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Disgusting,"Absolutely awful hotel - Avoid Avoid!!!  Booked a double room for myself and my partner for his birthday. Upon arriving, we were taken to a room with other people’s hair on the floor, as-well as crumbs, indicating that no one had cleaned the floor at all. The paint was peeling off the walls and there was stains everywhere. We asked to move to another room and it was not any better. The surfaces were sticky from the previous users coffee, meaning they had not cleaned the table at all (see photo). The room backed onto construction works that woke us up at 7am and we were given no warning.   When leaving through the back entrance, we saw mice running down the stairs and into the boiler room. The back entrance door locked was stuffed with tissue (see photos) meaning anyone could…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or10-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Handy location, tired but clean","Made the mistake of checking reviews after booking this hotel but shouldn’t have. Yes it’s tired and rough round the edges and could be so much better. BUT it’s really near Paddington station down a busy well lit road with restaurants, bars, takeaways and shops. I’d like me you don’t travel to a city often and are expecting clean but not top quality then I’d recommend this hotel. The guys who checked us in and out were friendly too despite other reviews. Wouldn’t go for b&b as the Italian restaurant next door does a HUGE breakfast for £5.50",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or15-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Money purely spent😔,"Our room turned to the street and there is a construction site 15 mtrs of us that awoke us each morning, early. The window is not fully shot so it's chilli and even more noisy. The room is tiny and hard to move inside.  Beside that, the bathroom facility were great. There is a TV. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or15-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cancellation without replying mail or answering calls,"As title what I said, I just had a terrible experiment at Ascot Hyde Park Hotel. I strongly don’t recommend this hotel because of its irresponsable action about my cancellation without any calls answering and mail replying but charged me fully !",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or15-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Get what you pay for, it is what it is!","I was dreading staying here after reading the reviews. It wasn’t the complete disaster I was anticipating. Yes the rooms were hot and the fan didn’t really help but in all I’ve stayed in worse places. Wouldn’t want to stay in the summer peak. It was run down and a little shabby but I paid £112 for two nights. We stayed to attend and event at Hyde park and it was the perfect location.  Didn’t really have much to do with the staff, couldn’t say they were rude because they checked us in and that was that. We didn’t have the breakfast.   The lift worked while we were there.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or15-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny but close to station,"Only a 2min walk to Paddington station and located near Notting Hill. Staff was friendly and polite. Rooms are very small, no aircon so it gets very hot and muggy. Toilet rolls were half gone when we arrived..  bathroom semi clean.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or15-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a Hellhole!,"The worst hotel I have ever been to! Avoid at all cost. Room was falling apart, skirting boards were filthy, carpet stained and mould everywhere. Only plus is location but please do yourself a favour search for another hotel as wouldn’t wish this place on anyone!",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or20-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic for a bed,Me and my family stayed here for nottinghill carnival weekend reception man rude was trying to over charge breakfast was 5pound but wanted to charge 8 pounds..when it came down to it options was bean bacon hash brown toast cereal boiled eggs..orange and apple juice tea coffee....dont expect full range not worth 5pound at all...elevator dodgey...room hot as hell windows where open all weekend no room to walk more like climbing over things...no fan in room notified reception  3 hour later they said they had none so pointed out they had one behind reception  and I've paid for one...he gave it me with an attitude..state 24 hour reception  man was asleep behind the desk if you just need someone to sleep fine but was unbelievable hot in rooms!!,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or20-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",okay,"stayed here during London Fashion week. Late review, the staff were friendly and helpful with maps etc. I only wish the breakfast had real fruits. I loved the location to the Tube and the 23 Bus to get around.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or20-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers ,"An absolute s**thole,door wouldn’t open properly,lift was broken...the room was t even big enough to fit our luggage into.... didn’t read any reviews before booking but I know now that I will never stay there again I wouldn’t even give it one star",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or20-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ever ,I have never had such a horrible experience. Filthy and almost to ruins place. Electricity was not working and they came to try to fix it barefoot!! The shower was not draining so the bathroom and room were drowned. We paid for two nights but run after one. ,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or20-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worse hotel one can think of booking...stay away,"Dont be fooled by the nice pictures -  this hotel is far from how it is advertised. Perhaps in London, this is considered a 3 star, but for the C$777 (no breakfast included) we spent for 2 nights (pre-booked through Bedsonline), it was terrible.  We stayed only one night (foregoing the prepaid fee for the second night) and stayed at the Paddington Hilton. Where to start: the room was filthy (moved the couch in the morning only to find a used condom, and a large plastic bottle cap), No a/c, pull out beds (family suite) were like sleeping on the steel frame itself, furniture (desk and closet were falling apart), room was not made, staff interpersonal skills were dreadful (does any one speak english??) I could go on, but i spent enough energy specific to this hotel (and i use the…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or25-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in london,The hotel in general is worst than a motel. Service is terrible. Forget about the room size and cleanliness. Front desk is absoulate disgrace. And worst of all we got trapped for 30 min had to call the fire brigade to pull us out. ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or25-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"I have to say I was worried about staying here due to the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. Ok it’s not the best hotel in London and I would wanna spend a week here but for 1 or 2 nights with friends it was perfectly fine. The beds and bathroom were clean, room was spacious and quiet and we had a great little stop over. If your after a budget hotel central London and it’s just to get your head down then this is perfectly fine. ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or25-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",False Advertising,"From the minute we stepped into this hotel we could see it was very run down, carpets dirty and stained, the staff at reception were also not very helpful or friendly.  When we walked into our bedroom we were shocked at the condition half painted walls dirty floors and a couple of hand towels on the bed!!! not even the widows opened, we almost died from the heat, it was awful, DEFINTATELY not even close to a 3 star more like a 1 star if that.  We asked to move into a better room which they kindly assisted us with the next day,  although the room was in better condition it was still shabby the chairs were all torn and just not what is advertised on the sites, very dissatisfied and I would not recommend anyone go there with any expectations of a 3 star its dirty and tatty.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or25-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Stay Here!!!,"Don’t even consider staying here!!! I don’t care how reasonable the price is, it’s not worth it! The staff is aloof if not down right rude! The rooms are disgusting, they smell, no lamp shades for the lamps, beds are uncomfortable.  We stayed one night of the three we reserved and fled to a new hotel.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or25-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting and outdated,"Save your money - lumpy, dusty matteress from the 60's, blood spots in the sheets, mouldy bathroom, fixtures in the bathroom missing, tiny TV, unhelpful staff, emergency exit block with timber, I pitty anyone caught there in an emergency. This would have been ok if I only spend a few pounds, backpacker accommodation at £200, Spend a few extra dollars and book other accommodation nearby.. Mecure is around the corner for only £40 more and it's 5 star.. £600 pound down the drain.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or30-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,Massive disappointment. The room was so hot i decided to turn the radiator off but when i did it a loud noise was coming from the pipe so i had to keep it on suffocating because the room was over heated . Staff unprofessional and careless,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or30-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Stayed here for a few nights with 2 young children, reading previous reviews it sounds like we must have been lucky.  Reception - didn’t really have much to say but polite enough when I spoke to them having left my key in the room.   Lift - very scary, seemed like the door was going to open half way through the journey.  Room - On initially walking in it looked like a nice room, furniture looks new, with new sockets and usb charging points.  You can still see the marking under the paint for where the electrician was told to put the switches.  The bed lights are far too close covering the bed - if you wake up too soon you will definitely hit your head.  Room was very hot which was easily solved by opening a window.   Room was cleaned but not hoovered   Bathroom - Nice and looked…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or30-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unreasonable ,"When I arrived at the hotel, everything seems fine. The receptionist seemed manageable, although arrogant. Don’t use the elevator if you’re staying here! It’s definitely not safe even though I proceeded to use it regardless of that. Once I reached the room, the door barely opened, the window was so broken that it couldn’t even close and the beds were... let’s just say they hadn’t been cleaned too thoroughly. There was one good thing! The bathroom was cool. The highlight of the one day I stayed there was when my family requested extra pillows be put in the room. The man obliged but did not leave the pillows in our room, he left them on a chair I. The reception for us to collect once we returned from lunch. Moral of the story, don’t bring your family here, but If you are a young…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or30-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I only read the reviews after I had booked but was plesently surprised, what do people expect at such a reasonable price. I encountered four different reception staff all courteous. Room was freshly decorated with a new bathroom, new bed, quality mattress. Nice bedding and plenty of towels, soap, shower gel and shampoo. Tea and coffee making, TV, fan, hair dryer... Nice and clean, what more could you want. Only down side is some of the public areas are tired but they are in the process of improving them. I will return when I am next looking for a bargain in London. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or30-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"Shocking service, shocking cleanliness, ceiling is falling through, cockroaches and appliances broken. Loud music at 2am and nobody does anything about it. The only decent thing about it is the location but avoid unless you’re after a rubbish service throughout!",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or35-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Positively surprised,"I booked a room for 1 night without reading reviews, then once I'd read them I got VERY worried about what to expect. Honestly, it was what I expected for a £50 a night room. The staff were lovely and friendly. The building does need work & maintenance (e.g. paintings hanging crooked on the walls, wires hanging out of walls in the hallway) but our room was clean, bathroom clean. The only thing we saw that wasn't clean was underneath the bed, and we found £2 under there so I wasn't upset about this!  The lift did scare me a little, just as it was a bit noisy and rickety but the hotel worked for what we needed in a great location about 10 minutes from Hyde Park and 5 minutes from Paddington station, so you do get what you paid for!",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or35-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and absolute shambles,"The only good thing about the hotel is location, our room was clean but the hotel is a shambles everything is falling apart. Me and my partner on our 1st morning there on the way down to breakfast got stuck in the lift for over 15 minutes until someone came to help us. Then when someone did come it took her a while to even open the lift and we had to climb out ourselves. My boyfriend is diabetic so was very dangerous him being stuck in there that long, when we got out and asked to speak to the manager we’re told that he had them on hold as it was his day off, nothing was done as an apology to us. They put the lift as out of order for approx an hour or so and then people continued to use the lift for the rest of our duration there clearly unaware how unsafe it is. Breakfast was a…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or35-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and bad ,"it was not clean enough.The rooms were cold. There was a lot of noise coming from the side rooms. It was like they were in our room. Sound insulation should be strengthened. When the doors of the rooms next to you were opened, they were hanging on our door. I thought our door opened a few times.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or35-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so clean but well located,"Person at the reception nice. WiFi is ok in the room, even though a bit slow. It’s very good located to go to London center. Very small room but ok for the price though. I was a bit disappointed because the room wasn’t so clean.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or35-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Unbelievable this establishment is still operating. Filthy, very unclean, unsafe (e.g. exposed electrical cables as per photo). A complete maze to get around. Expect to find all kinds of things thrown on the floor, stairwells and hallways. Nothing like a hotel at all. Reminiscent of filthy student residences.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or40-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Maybe choose somewhere else,"This hotel is nothing like the photos it shows, the staff were rude, the bag storage was unsecure, we slept on our coats because the bed looked that disgusting, the room was way too hot so we had to leave our balcony door open to hear London traffic all night, nothing is fitted correctly (safety hazard if you ask me), tv remote only had one battery in, screws left on the floor from a badly fitted radiator cover,   Please don’t stay here no matter how cheap it is, believe me it’s not worth any of your money.  We left as early as we could to get out of there.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or40-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting ,"The pictures on the website doesn’t really represent the reality of what you get , payed for the room when we get there only to find you need to wipe your feet on the way out , the front staff are so rude ,curtains hanging off , black mould and paint flacking , stains on the walls , mould and scum in the shower, asked for a refund and told we need to wait till 6 when the manager gets in , checked out the same night lost money but the thought of staying there was depressing, don’t even think booking this hotel  ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or40-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Misleading marketing. This place is a hot mess,"Would not recommend this place to anyone! Rude front desk staff. Not accommodating at all.  It was like they were doing us a favour allowing us to stay there! Closet sized room. Black mold on the ceiling in the bathroom. Mysterious smear marks on the walls. Bed was made the next day, but garbage etc wasn't taken away. Seemed like a complete fire hazard with haphazard stairs to get to second and third floors. Elevator broke during our stay.  Not one picture of this place posted on booking.com or their website reflects the tardy reality of this dump.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or40-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a f*cking sh*t-hole,"We slept in our clothes it was that dirty. There wasn’t enough room to swing a gerbil.  Sleeping rough would have been an upgrade.  Great location though, right next to Paddington Station.  Decent kebab place round the corner.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or40-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would probably not stay here again,"I requested for early check in if a room was available which was approved via email. When I arrived it wasn’t so I had to wait an hour for it, by the time I came back there were two reception staff but one was preoccupied on the computer and the other was busy helping (who I assume is) the maintenance man to paint the walls. Find that a bit odd personally but didn’t bother me, just found it amusing. Anyway, my key card didn’t work at first but staff helped very quickly. The room was okay, quite outdated because there was a fan at the right hand top corner of the bathroom door with a small tv beside it. The room itself was clean and the bathroom looked newly refurbished so it seemed out of place if you look at the room as a whole. Also, the bed had two pillows which for me alone…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or45-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all!,"When I read everyone’s reviews I was expecting the worse. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived.  While the hotel may need some redecorating that doesn’t mean it’s a bad hotel. The staff were friendly on arrival. Once In the room, it was very clean. The room was rather large with twin beds which is what was booked. The bathroom was a good size and was also clean. We had a balcony room which was lovely to see the view  and let some fresh air in.  The beds themselves were comfy but just needed an extra pillow on one of the beds but we survived :)  The tv worked, there was hanging space, tea, coffee and milk available. The hairdryer worked.  People saying that the lift took forever, it didn’t. Yes it took a little longer than others it wasn’t slow. The location is…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or45-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,Dirty dusty room. Mouldy shower. Windows don't open fan don't work. Room stuffy and very hot. Avoid do not stay here. Area OK local subway but hotel very dirty. Don't stay here  Bathroom very small. Never tried breakfast didn't fancy it after I saw the state of the rooms,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or45-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough room but service not entirely,"We enjoyed staying but 2nd day they didn't put tea milk coffee on even request. Good surrounded with many restaurants, staff doesn't care much, good breakfast have many thanks over ALL is ok. The owner of the property is very good person, he would like to give more than enough but shorten of staff he unable to provide, whatever he likes to do.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or45-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It’s fine ,"To be honest, i was so scared on the way to the hotel. We’ve booked the room without checking the reviews, just because of the location. (Hyde park is really close and the transport is behind the cornder)I expected to be worse! Its an average place and we were happy about this choice. Our room was clean, everything was setup just fine, nothing to complain about. The room has balcony view, so it was nice to open the door for fresh air. The bathroom needed a little bit of renovation but i’ve seen MUCH WORSE PLACES! The only scary thing was the guy on the reception, but i guess he was just grumpy. In the area around the Paddington station you can find small shops, Sainsbury and Boots where you can buy some stuff. Overall: for these less money is good place.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or45-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horror show,"Truly the worst hotel i've ever stayed in. Here's everything that's wrong with it... No air con but a loud very dusty fan to keep you awake. Wosrt night sleep for a long time Felt like i was getting bitten by bugs as soon as i got in to bed. Floor was badly slanted. Lock was on the wrong side of the bathroom door. Shower too hot no matter what temp i had it at. Packets of shower gel you can't open with wet hands. Key card worked eventually. I've added a pic of what the room actually looks like opposed to the pic we saw. Yet an enormous amount of money has been spent on rons of cameras in every hall way, elevator, outside the front door, all of which you can see on a screen at the front desk so that the receptionist doesn't have to move from his seat. Didn't try the breakfast,…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or50-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,The worst hotel I have EVER been too! Having checked in and paid we were disappointed with the size of the room and moved to another.not without checking the bed first..and what we discovered under the sheets was vile.. We asked for a refund and told no manager to process it. Staff didn't care! I have NEVER seen such filt.. see photos..imagine they expect us to still pay for not staying and expect people to sleep on beds full of urine and blood stains! And are telling us we will not be getting a refund....,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or50-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Enter at your own risk ,Dirty hotel rude staff the bed felt like it was goin to fall apart over priced for what your getting the breakfast is dreadful as i pack my belongings im thinking how happy im to be leaving.  one nite was too much my train to weston super mare cant come soon enough just hope that hotel is better ,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or50-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, disgusting, stinky and nasty. Definitely the WORST ‘hotel’ I’ve ever been to","This is definitely the worst hotel I’ve ever been to.   The staff in reception are unfriendly and rude and everything is dirty, old and broken.   The entry of the hotel smelt terrible and had broken mirrors, dirt everywhere, dirty coffee cups all around, spots on the walls... and you’d better not touch the reception counter if you don’t want to get stuck to it.  We had to take the lift to the 3rd floor and, once there, walk to the end of the corridor (which was full of bags with rubbish everywhere) and go down 2 floors by foot using a very narrow and dirty staircase to get to our room.  The room was TINY (nothing to do with the one we saw in the pictures from booking.com), DIRTY and STINKY.  The bathroom was dirty, with dust and hair everywhere, and there wasn’t even enough…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or50-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as many reviews have you believe,"I expected the worst after reading many reviews but the hotel turned out ok, considering it's a budget option. True, our room was cramped and hot but most importantly it was clean and the shower was good. The staff seemed cold at first but once you smile and ask them questions they are more than helpful. I guess a constant stream of guests must pass through and they become blase. The lift is slow but at least they have one. Above all, the hotel is very well located...2 minutes from the tube and 5 mins from Paddington station. There are an abundance of good restaurants and shops nearby. If you're out all day, the Ascot is an  ideal for a place to sleep.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or50-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful and stinks,"We recently went to the BST festival and booked this hotel at short notice. What a terrible hotel the worst we have been in a long time. Reception area small, smashed glass on the walls. One small lift that took ages to arrive and worst of all a stinking bedroom. We were lucky that we arrived early and was able to open the windows before our return from the festival. Shower door wouldn’t shut and the main lights didn’t turn on when we got back. Only good thing we can say was the linen was clean. Absolutely awful hotel and would never return again!!!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or55-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely disapointed,"We booked this hotel due to location for Hyde Park. We had two rooms booked for 6 people. When we arrived the receptionist couldn’t find our booking, despite me giving her my name and another friends name, and showing her my booking confirmation with both names on it. She finally found it under our friends name and asked why I didn’t give her that name. They then proceeded to inform me that they couldn’t pre-charge my card as their card machine was broken and wanted me to go and take out £320 cash. I explained I would be using a credit card for which I would get charged but they did not care. I asked if we could pay in the morning, she phoned her manager and then informed me that this was not possible. Such a shame because if it was we would’ve refused to pay full price! We had…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or55-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"We arrived at the hotel for a 1 night stay to go to the British summer time festival in Hyde park for the day and we were all looking forward to checking into the hotel to freshen up before heading out and when we got there the receptionist informed us when we were told to pay before we could check in, that the card machine was out of order and needed to pay in cash before we were allowed to check in. 1st bombshell of the day. After finding a cash point to draw a lot of money out of to pay for our 2 rooms, we were checked in, went up in the lift as we were only the 5th floor to find our room for the 4 of us was a state. There was sweet wrappers on the bedside table along with half eaten sweets in the bin, blood stains on one of the duvet covers, 1 towel had been thrown on the…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or55-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Review,"My husband,my sisters and myself booked this hotel online for to stay two days for my uncles funeral.On arrival after we spent two hours lost in the city we were told by receptionist that they wanted payment in cash so my husband had to go look for an atm. Paid cash and a receipt was given written on one of their cards after asking constantly we failed to get proper receipt. The approach to the rooms were carpeted and as we got closer to our room floor was saturated. It was a box room sweltering hot they had a fan on the wall but was hot air coming from it. Could barely move in shower/toilet and the stench was desperate. We complained but no one was listening and we knew a refund wouldnt be given. We went out and got disenfectant and toiletries and used these. In the morning…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or55-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Okay - not too bad as other people are saying,"Maybe I was lucky but my stay wasn’t too bad. Other reviewers on here seem to suggest a complete polar opposite!  On arrival, the front desk was very accommodating, allowing me to check in early which is great. Very friendly too.   The room was spacious enough for me, I didn’t have any suitcases so it was not too bad. Bed was comfortable too. The room was clean but the decor slightly detracted the overall view of the room but it isn’t harming anyone so it didn’t bother me at all. One thing to note is the lack of air conditioning, for the price I paid, I expected it at the basic level. I’ve paid less for other hotels and they have all had air conditioning! Was very hot during my stay so slightly uncomfortable sleeping.  You also need to buy your own handwash and toothpaste. It…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or55-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy!!!!!,Room floor was filthy dirty Curtains was hanging off not put up correctly. Toilet had big crack in it. Bathroom was dusty and dirty. Hairdryer did not work. Heater making a noise all night no switch to turn off. Small towels and not enough.. Didn'teven dare look under the sheets at the matress cant begin to imagen the state of them.. Over all didnt even dare go for breakfast as we probs would get poisoned if anything like the room...,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or60-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,Unfortunately when I arrived the list had stopped working that day and the only room available was on the 5th floor - a bit of a problem for me as I have limited mobility. Receptionist was helpful and carried my bag up for me. In the bathroom the shower was over the bath but there was no shower screen/curtain and the room was not a wet room - I couldn't see a plug for the bath.  I was only staying for 1 night so put up with the problems. There was breakfast included in my price but this meant going down another set of stairs and I really couldn't face it.,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or60-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and dreadful,"On arrival reception staff were friendly. Got to my room and my key card wouldn't work. The room was still being prepared. I could hear the cleaning staff arguing loudly. They answered my door and said they would be  few minutes. I unpacked and noticed there was litter from previous occupants under the beds. When I went to the bathroom there were still traces of previous occupants (hair).  Overall the place was grubby, not been cleaned properly for a while. The decor is very tired with stains on the wall. I asked reception to get me a taxi for 6pm to go to the Royal Albert Hall. by 6.25 still no sign. Reception didn't seem interested. Ihad to flag down a black cab.  I usually stay elsewhere when visiting London. This was a last minute trip. Dreadful stay, glad it was only for…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or60-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"We stayed 3 nights. There is no lobby and the room is very basic. No air conditioning and no fridge in the room. Good only for the bed so don’t expect anything else. Our key card stopped working on the second day and Ateff on reception should really find another job that doesn’t involve interacting with people. He was sooo rude. His explanation for this was he had just started his shift and wasn’t ready for a problem so be sure to check how he’s feeling before issuing a complaint. The problem was never fully resolved despite the lock on the door being fixed at 12.30am. It still took about 10 attempts and a lot of patience to get into our room. Although we didn’t have breakfast, other members of our family did, and said it was awful. Even the receptionist warned us not to have…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or60-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Booked through Superbreaks - utterly awful!,"What are Superbreaks doing using places like this? Do they actually visit them?   Positives - fantastic location! Minutes from the train station (Paddington) and Tube. Central, a few minutes walk from Kensington gardens, vibrant night life, plenty of choice of places to eat and drink. Lovely young girl who checked us in.   Negatives - filthy! Wooden floor to room hadn’t even been swept, thick dust on furniture, no fire instructions in rooms, erratic stair cases (we never did find our way in and out by stairs), shower screen (huge and heavy) fell down on my daughter and wasn’t repaired in 2 days. The place is clearly being used as emergency accommodation - people obviously living there. Bloke in the room next to us (we were 306) went in and out all day and night slamming doors…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or60-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid like the plague,"Hotel is disgusting dirty walls, unkempt carpets and upkeep of the hotel it's most likely got bed bugs, electric sockets hanging off walls poor staff possible it has rats but never saw any to be fair only good thing is its 3 mins from Paddington tube and 10 mins from Edgware Road but that's it even from the price it isn't worth it pay more and get a decent hotel please believe me as was here this last weekend just gone",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or65-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Please AVOID!,"I don’t usually leave bad reviews but the bathroom was tiny and the shower screen came off the runners when sliding to open it, the shower head was also broken. The bed was broken and sunken in the middle and rocked and swayed when moving about. The room was very hot even with the windows open and noisy fan running to try keep us cool.   To top all of this experience off. When I dropped my pen behind the bedside table, when I went to retrieve it to my absolute disgust there was a used condom found on the floor when moving the bedside table!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or65-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wow no words..,"Great location, really close to paddington station but that's about it, rooms are disgusting they are so warm and humid, shower- no point in even having one! bed feels like Your sleeping on a water bed constantly moves! dropped my pen behind the bedside table and just look what was there! DIRTY is the only way of describing this hotel! Good luck.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or65-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unlikely to return,"Great location for this hotel; so close to Hyde Park and only a minute's walk from Paddington Tube Station and rail station.    Hotel receptionist was pleasant enough.  Really higgledy piggledy hotel.  Quite a challenge to find one's room!  The room itself was tiny with very little floor space at all.  It was also boiling hot and as there was only one socket on the wall, you had to choose whether you wanted to use the fan or the television.  They couldn't be used at the same time. Only two coat hangers in the wardrobe, the bedside cabinets had shelves missing so we tantamount to useless.  No room for a chair in front of the dressing table.  Very noisy due to being at the front of the hotel overlooking a main road.  The shower was weak and the shower door did not close.  The…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or65-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Paddington Station convenience,"Located a few minutes walk in front of Paddington station the Ascot is a small but convenient hotel. Internet access however, was very erratic and I actually got better connection by standing in front of the HSBC branch across the road! Location wise it is excellent with 2 tube lines (Bakerloo & Circle/District) minutes away and the Airport Express at Paddington Station. Lots of food and convenience stores on the street. Room was small but clean with a shower and a small computer screen size TV.  No bar fridge and fastest way in/out was to use the stairways as the lift was very slow.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or65-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Urghhh,"A pre cruise hotel included in package. If I had check review before we came I would have requested a change of hotel! Whilst it is centrally located, its not very clean, lobby needs a whole revamp. Bathroom with bathtubs are a shocker, water pressure on high floors can be ok or none. Floor boards under bed looks like its never been clean. It can be noisy if on lower floor facing front, we were at the back so it was quiet. Would rather have paid a bit more for a decent(not fancy) n clean hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or70-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Two-days trip,"We were in London with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday. She loves England, especially London. We wanted to save some money so we decided to choose hotel Ascot because of location and really good price. The room was really small but according to money good. However, this I cant say about the bathroom. It was really messy and hair on the floor! The good thing was that stuff was really nice and helpfull, especially night receptionist.:) London is a beautifull city and we are going to come again. But definitely to different hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or70-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"I stayed there for 3 night, and the main problem I had with the hotel, is that the beds in the two different rooms I stayed in are very bad, and in need of replacement.  I did find it clean and that the baths in both rooms very nice and clean, and not in bad shape at all.  One room I stayed in had a windows that weren't right, so a bit of cold wind would come in. I got to change room when I mentioned that, and the other room didn't have that problem. But yes the hotel could need new windows, since they aren't new, and that sound proof.  The wifi in the hotel is also not that fast, but then again, I mainly needed a bed to sleep in.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or70-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",""" You get what you Pay for'","I needed to pick a visa up early and wanted somewhere cheap near Paddington station to get Heathrow express in the morning. Whilst there mayn't be a lot of room in the reception area you are in a prime london location with plenty of local places to eat and drink. The room was more than adequate for my needs for one night and whilst I didn't strip the bed etc, the room was clean and tidy. The guys at reception were pleasant and helpful. The towels in the room could do with upgrading but I had a good night sleep, a hot shower in the morning and felt safe and secure.what more do you want for just over £30.Thanks",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or70-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel ,"I thought this hotel was really lovely. Small on the outside. Massive on the inside. Staff are ok, not the best. The room was lovely and fairly clean. The location is great. So many places to eat and shop. Great to get in to London - about 5 stops on the tube with the station being less than a 3 minute walk away from the hotel. We did however have a hole above our wardrobe, and there seemed to be a lot of refurbishing happening which started at about 9am, this meant that there was loads of work men and all there kit everywhere around the hotel.  We could leave our bags for free after checking out as we still had half a day in London left.  Great price, would return.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or70-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good base for exploring London ,"At £70 for 2 nights, have no complaints. Staff were polite and helpful, both allowing us to check in early, and responding quickly to an email regarding a toy my child left behind. The room itself was basic, but comfortable. Nice and warm, good water pressure in shower, and plenty of coffee/tea provided. Didn't have breakfast, so can't comment on that. Perfect location, stones throw from Paddington Station, so easy to get around the city. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or75-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What an experience...,Needed a room and a shower in between long haul flight and change of airports. As we were departing from LHR something near Paddington was ideal so we could jump in the LHR Express and the price was about the same as the cost of putting our bags into storage at the airport. We arrived around midday and were out again by 5pm which was just as well as I would not have wanted to stay the night. I was expecting an invitation from the manager for the long stay guests cocktail function as I am sure they are renting their rooms by the hour.... it fulfilled the purpose and we got a bonus shower on top of storing our bags and if that's all you need then this place is ok but if you are planning to actually spend the night I suggest you go somewhere else. ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or75-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",If I could have put 0 stars I would! ,"When I say worse hotel I have ever stayed in. I mean it!!  I know it’s cheap for London but you do not expect mouldy shower curtains, to hear next doors every conversation (and Thank God nothing else), the tubes every move, every ding of the lift, stained mattress, half used toiletries, a bathroom that is nothing like the pictures, damp and scum In every corner and to top it off the terrible customer service desk.  Will never return even if we were payed too ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or75-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers hust with more dirt and manuels galore.  Do yourself a favour go somewhere else,"Rooms 301 and 302  if I could rate this hotel as zero I would.  Safety. One room led to a fire escape the other had windows that opened fully.  Not safe for kids or, I would say, single women.  Cleanliness. Zero points the rooms were filthy debris on the floor we had to wipe our feet on the way out.  Paint work dirty bathrooms in poor repair  Electrics. No lights in one room no TVs remotes  Breakfast that's a joke.  Down into a basement again filthy cares with food all over them, instant coffee dried up ham and god knows how long the boiled eggs had been there.  We arrived  at 9 breakfast finishes 9.30. Left in pots 4 slices of bacon. 3 hash browns and 3 sausage and two spoons od beans.  Others came down after us and were told no more would be coming out.  They had the 100 year…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or75-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",😳,One night stay had a dirty room on arrival crumbs and dust all over the floor 100% had not been hoovered beds were clean but quilts were like wafers definitely need thicker ones this time of year especially since the windows blew cold air through  Bathroom was small but fine  Breakfast was shocking 2 hash browns between 3 of us soggy undercooked bacon  limited choice in everything mismatched furniture mismatched crockery then once sat down we were constantly under the watchful eye of the staff and made uncomfortable   This could be a really nice hotel if more care was taken in the running of it as it’s in a great location ,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or75-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay,"The photograph of the frontage was a little misleading as the entrance is quite small and so is the reception. My room had 2 double beds, spotlessly clean and a small television mounted high on the wall. There were plenty of towels and the bathroom was surprisingly modern and although not large was more than adequate. The only blemish I found was that the toilet seat had not been cleaned underneath but that was all. The area is bustling with lots of restaurants, cafes and gift shops and the restaurants all seemed to be reasonably priced for this part of London. I would return I have have to stay in London again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or80-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","great location, expensive price",The hotel was in an extremely good location near Paddington. We had a double room which was clean. The check-in was quick and the staff were helpful.  I would recommend only for the sake of location but it was expensive given that it was a budget hotel,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or80-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad hotel,"At first the hotel has two buildings. The second one has no elevator and the rooms are very old and dirty. The main building rooms are also dirty and very small. The Wi-Fi isn't working and the services are very poor. The only good thing is the location of the hotel, near to train/metro station",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or80-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not Hotel, Backpackers!","눉First impression after check in, room not made up. Bed slept in and previous client had not even flushed toilet. Had to wait while room was cleaned. Can't possibly imagine how this hotel could get a 3 star rating with you. More like a backpackers than a hotel. We had one small room with 3 iron framed beds for 3 adults. No room at all to move once luggage was in. Beds had one flat pillow to each bed. We stuffed folded towels and clothes into pillow case to be able to sleep. Small TV up high on wall and no remote. Could not reach controls. Had to see front desk for remote, was given one with no battery cover and sticky tape holding batteries in. Bathroom facilities very basic. Sink to wash hands squashed in space not wide enough to stand and do your teeth. No new toiletries left…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or80-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!!,"A really HORRIBLE experience. Below are some (incomplete) details: 1.	I had asked and booked a room with 3 separate beds, for me and my 2 children (adults). Instead, we got a room with a single bed and a (rather narrow) double bed. 2.	Bathroom flush bowl had very little water. 3.	Bathroom faucet was almost disconnected. 4.	Bathroom shower floor was slippery. 5.	Bathroom light could only be turned on if the light of the room was also on, so when I had to use it when the others were asleep, they had to wake up 6.	Room was excessively hot 7.	TV remote control did not work 8.	Hallways were full of plastic bags and other junk 9.	Breakfast was supposedly included but there was really no breakfast. There was even no coffee (they had hot water and instant coffee). Very little to eat.…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or80-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ella,"Was staying there for couple days with friends.Location is great but please ask to see the room before you paying. Our room was all dirty sink not clean all room and bathroom was covered by mold.. we had Tv without Tv control, bed sheets was dirty i just seen before check out .. no bin in a toilet...very disappointed by room but location is great!",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or85-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant time,"We were looking for a safe neighbourhood that was close to underground for commuting and cane across this hotel. Had no issues, all staff were pleasant to deal with and was a clean room with no noise from outside.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or85-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap,Cheap. Safe. Cheap. Paddington. Clinical. So expect nothing and be pleased that there's electricity and heat.  At £40-50/night what do you expect? Paying more? You're not from around here Im guessing?  For the price it has a fantastic location for trains and central london.,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or85-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Old Untidy Smelly Hotel with Poor Customer Service,"Using Ascot Hyde Park Hotel is misleading claiming original price of £195 then dropped to £79. Thought I was so lucky to get discount of more than £100. To my despair upon arrival, I thought Of cancelling the booking but since Its too late already and I will be billed in full amount anyway, so I decided to stay for a couple of hours  Place is old and untidy. You see clutters in the hallway. Doors and other parts of the building are refurbished but to a sub-standard materials. Hallway is tiny and a portion is used as waiting or holding area with 3 chairs. Carpet is very old, dirty and smelly. Bed is small, toilet is very tiny. There's no way this accommodation will charge £195 a Night. I spent my birthday dinner at Hilton just across the building and I regretted why I didn't stay…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or85-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty ,Booked in here thought was great location when we arrived our room was ready straight away which was good that was the only thing good about it nothing else it was dirty the bed was shocking just too small for 2 adults do not stay here! ,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or85-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid.,"Stayed here with a friend.When we arrived,we actually were taken from the building in the pic to another building up the road. Then we were given a room on the 7th floor with no lift. And it was like a dog box. Staff were awful and rude. I'd recommend staying in a tent instead.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or90-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What I loved most about this place was leaving it,"How is this place still operating? And why can't I rate it zero stars? Zero stars should be an option for this place. Aside from the wifi that doesn't have internet access 90% of the time, the worst thing about this place is the bright blue bathroom sensor light that can't be turned off. Picture this, jet-lagged after 20 hours of travel I wake up at 3am needing to go to the bathroom, I walk into the dark bathroom with my eyes wide open and a bright blue and unnecessary light suddenly blinds me when I step in front of the sensor. If I was going to struggle to adjust to the new time zone before, now there was no chance of falling back asleep at 3am. I wonder if there is a 24hr eye doctor in the area who I can go and see in the early hours of the morning since I'm suddenly wide…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or90-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Family Wedding,"Arrived on Friday for a two night stay. In all honesty it is close to Paddington Station and that's all that it has going for it. The man behind the counter could not be bothered as we checked in it was annoying him that we were there. Anyhow squeezed through the very narrow corridor, then we encountered the lift. I think that it is the smallest lift that I have ever been in. On to the room, curtains too small for the windows so we had light coming in all night and rain as well as the window would not shut properly. The bathroom was modern but hot meant cold and the shower cubicle flooded. The breakfast was a real experience, situated in the basement of the building, food was left on the table by previous guest and this was not cleared away. No cups, really grimy place. When we…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or90-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hell hole of hyde park,"With a name like 'Ascot Hyde park',and a claimed rating of 4 stars,u might be forgiven if you entered this narrow,corridor masquerading as a reception with a dirty table,blocking half of it,behind which sit dull looking,disinterested receptionists!And think to yourself that you have come to the wrong place! This is unfortunately just the beginning of your shock as you realize what a dupe you have been made!As you ascend to your room,in the tiniest if the lifts;the room which has no Air Con, and in which the hotel does not even deem it necessary to place a table fan.As you survive near heat stroke through the night,furthur unpleasant surprises lurk for you in the basement as you make your way for the breakfast through a room full of junk and disused furniture!Very helpfully,just…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or90-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean bedding and shower room,"Excellent position in London almost next to Paddington Station. Spent last Friday till Sunday at the hotel for a weekend break. Bed clothes fresh and clean. Comfortable bed. Front room and first floor on very hot 2 nights so window open to a very busy road till late 11pm and early at 5am but we loved it. If you want a more quiet room I would suggest a rear facing room. Breakfast was basic but had all we needed - cereal - sausage, bacon and beans - boiled egg - brown or white toast - orange and apple juice - tea or coffee - set us up ready for 3 brilliant days.  Staff were very friendly and helpful.  Many restaurants close by as is Hyde Park and easy access to the centre of London. Reasonably priced given where the hotel is situated. If you want luxury, check out Hilton…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or90-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Quite possibly one of the worst hotels I've stayed in,"I made the mistake of booking this hotel and not reading any reviews before I booked. I regret this now and would of been a lot happier staying a little further away from Paddington station for a better quality hotel. I'll start with the positives: the location to Paddington. Helpful with an early morning international flight and getting the express train to Heathrow. Other than that there isn't any other positives. We arrived to a group of the hotel owners friends (I hope they were friends not employees) smoking out the front sitting on the steps. One of them did try to be helpful and help my mum with her suitcase however she declined his help, he did not listen and grabbed her case by the handle you use to wheel it along and pulled it out of place and broke her suitcase. No…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or95-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate but expensive for what you get,"We visited London to watch a theatre production and the location of the Ascot Hyde Hotel was decent, 2 minutes from Paddington however located on the busy main road. The cleanliness of the hotel was not great, I would not eat in the breakfast room as it was dirty and full of rubbish. The hotel was very worn and needed many repairs. The double room was adequate and clean however the plug sockets didn't work, the tap was coming away from the sink and what made it worse is the fire alarm went off in the morning at 0700 for no apparent reason. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or95-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all bad,"Stayed for 2 nights visiting British Summertime Hyde Park. Great location, yes its a bit like a rabbit warren inside but our room 109 was ok, double and single bed, comfy, clean and tidy. Was a great base. Breakfast next door at Raffles spot on full English with tea/coffee and toast £6.95 :) ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or95-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel,"What you would expect for a budget hotel, but rooms were clean and tidy.  Breakfast wasn't too great, extremely basic and could do with more options for Children, wasn't even any baked beans!  A pot of fresh coffee would be nice too!    Unfortunately we visited in high temperatures and our room on the 5th floor was like trying to sleep in an oven, the fan made no difference and my little girl was in tears.  We ended up getting a train home early rather than stay a second night.  Whilst the heat was not the hotels fault, they may have to look at installing air conditioning.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or95-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate ,Great location but not the greatest hotel.  In their defense they are attempting to upgrade the hotel. No aircon and the overall hotel could have been cleaner.  Fan and TV used the same electrical outlet so it was one or the other but not both at the same time.  Staff was nice but not overly engaged.  Breakfast was acceptable ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or95-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend!,"Good location but that is the only good thing I can say about it. Dirty, floors were water damaged, mold in bathroom, chairs ripped and couch fabric pealing, unpleasent smell, lack of staff, breakfast extra. Pictures taken must be from years ago as everything is in rough shape. Reception not welcoming and cold. Would not recommend this place!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or100-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",small room,if you just need a place to stay of a night or two it is okay but be sure you can climb stairs because the Elevator does not work and the stairs are steep and not very even. The rooms are small and the windows don`t  close all the way.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or100-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Room OK, otherwise some issues","The bad.The first point to make is that it is probable that most reviews are of the Ascot Hotel at 11 rather than 9A Craven Road, as the photographs on the booking sites for 9A are actually showing the Ascot, and the review descriptions sound more like the Ascot. The Ascot is a white building with juliet balconies, 9a is next to it, and is actually a red brick building. I had booked 9a, but was directed to a room on the third floor of the Ascot when I checked in. It is fair to say that the check in experience, and general situation in the very narrow entrance hall is not that welcoming. The staff do what's required without much enthusiasm, and there always seemed to be several people just standing around the front desk chatting to whoever was sitting on reception, and blocking…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or100-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location... that's about it.,"The location is great, with only a 5 minute walk from Paddington station it's perfect for central London visitors.   But I don't even know where to start with the negative stuff. Crooked Bed, very dirty, the bedding was stained and rather questionable. The building is very confusing, even though there is a lift you still have to take stairs because the lift doesn't take you to all the floors, because there are half floors. Also the lift broke down 3 times within 3 days. Also the lift is incredibly dirty and feels like it's gonna breakdown while you're in it.  We had rather loud neighbours, you can hear every word that is said in the neighbouring rooms, and even more from the hallway because there's like a one inch gap under the door. The staff didn't really do much about the…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or100-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Review,"Economical,location main central London access is easy to see London  Rooms are slightly small,but are maintained daily,washroom is clean. Breakfast is free and good all the food items are fresh  Lift is not working order that must be maintained.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or100-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sumitra,"เพื่อนของฉันได้จอง paddington apartmentในละแวกนี้ให้ในคืนวันที่ฉันมาถึงลอนดอนเป็นวันแรก.   แต่มันแย่มากที่apartmentแห่งนั้น ไม่สามารถ ส่งมอบกุญแจห้องพักให้ได้เนื่องจาก  เจ้าหน้าที่ปิดทำการก่อนที่เราจะไปถึงและ เราไม่สามารถติดต่อทางเบอร์โทรฉุกเฉินทีให้ไว้ได้เลย     เป็นข้อเตือนใจว่าต่อไปนี้ห้ามจองที่พัก ที่ไม่เปิดบริการ24ชั่วโมงอีก  ค่ำคืนแรกที่แสนหนาว ในลอนดอนเราเสียเวลาไปเกือบสองขั่วโมง ในการติดต่อ และไม่ได้มีประโยชน์อะไรก้าวหน้าเลย เรายังโชคดี ที่ได้มาพบกับascot hyde park ที่เปิดทำการตลอด24ชั่วโมง เจ้าหน้าที่ช่วยเหลือและเป็นมิตรกับเรามาก ทำให้เราผ่านคืนแรกที่ผิดพลาดนั้นไปด้วยดี    For Ascot. I would like say thank you very much for your help on the cold midnight  April 4,2017 ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or105-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad,"Was very sceptical after reading the reviews but ended up being pleasantly surprised ! Very good  location 100m from Paddington station, lots of options for eating and drinking. We arrived in the middle of a very obvious refurbishment so communal corridors and stairs had signs of paint arc. Room was small but comfy. Some dodgy joiner and clingfilm over the smoke detector ! Despite this I would deffo stay here again as you get what you pay for and we only used it to sleep in. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or105-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Modernised and clean,"Recently updated so very clean and fresh throughout. This unfortunately also is the problem as it feels a little chaotic at the moment- an alarm ringing the entire time we checked in which reception seemed puzzled by, paint marks on the floor, tiles that are cracked when put in, slight water leak on the toilet where it is new, tvs that need tuning properly as they lose reception, missing remotes and plastic wrapping half on the elevator, shower etc- nothing horrific but for the price you expect more. On the upside most of the furnishings felt new so it made the stay feel cleaner.   Slept fine in general as area is nice and quiet. Lots of toiletries but these seem more dumped in a hurry than planned (20 milk,  15 tea bags and 6 sugar? 5 soaps and roughly 30 sachets of shower…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or105-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"I have seen far too many bad reviews about this hotel and just had to actually write my thoughts about this.  We checked in easily and the staff on the reception desk were very friendly and polite (as were all of the staff during our 3 night stay), the lift up to the fifth floor is very small, however there was never more than a two minute wait really.    The room was very nice, especially considering how cheap the room was. Excellent bed with nice pillows and a decent sized bathroom, the only complaint about the room is the windows are very thin and it was windy (storm doris!) causing a lot of noise at night, but other than that, perfect.   The hotel is ina great location, for a great price and decent rooms, I'd say this is excellent!",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or105-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor room","The 6th floor was under renovation.. but still our room was at the 6th floor....  the elevator is very small, you should be patient to be able to use it.The worst was the room, the bathroom is good, modern but the wall of the room was dirty, even covered by some assumed blood spots( in several different places in the wall), this hotel is a choice if you dont wish to pay too much for accomodation and all you will do is just sleep ( by your self or a friend, not suitable for romance)... Next time i will prefer to pay more for a nicer and cleaner hotel.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or105-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rude tw@ desk agents ,"Cheap for the area and a clean smelling interior.  Otherwise, the desk agent had a face like a wet weekend and didn't even bother to say hello, the bathroom was unimaginably small, the windows were thin and old, and the wifi cost £5 per F ing day.  What's not to love?  ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or110-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing like other reviews,"I booked this hotel then saw the reviews so was panicking.   This hotel has been getting work done I was told and the rooms are lovely and large and great walking distance (5 mins max) to Paddington station.   Hall is a bit run down and you are above the underground but hardly hear the trains.   When in London if you want a cheap clean and value for money place to stay, I think this place is great ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or110-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as the reviews say,"I never really write reviews but on this occasion felt I should. My boyfriend and I chose to stay here because of location and price, £50.00 each Bed and Breakfast and just over the road from Paddington station!  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing luxury about it, and there was a lot of maintenance work going on, but it was fine. The bedding in our room was clean, the toilet was clean, and the shower was clean.  We managed to check in at about 12.30pm, which was hugely appreciated, and although the receptionist wasn't very welcoming, he answered any questions we had for him. Although I wouldn't choose this hotel for a leisurely getaway, it is ideal as a stopover for people like me who aren't from London, and I don't think it deserves all the criticism it gets!",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or110-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"Horrendous. That is putting it lightly. In retrospect I shouldn't have stayed, but was not convinced I would get my money back.  Lack of any welcome at check in. My room key given to me and the number grunted at me. No information about where to go etc. Lovely start.  Even the lobby looks like a building site. Lift doors opening on floor 5 introduced me to even more building site esque delights. It wasn't delightful.  My room was horrendously dirty, huge dust balls and the desk was so dusty you could write on it. This is where the cups were placed so put me off a cup of tea instantly.  Trouble with white bedding is you can see every black hair on it. There were lots, from all body areas.   Bathroom looked nice at a glance, evidently newish. Hand towel was on the toilet roll…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or110-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good for Budget Hotel,Stayed one night on 5th floor untidy and messy when checked in room was ok with a good shower room. Plenty of coffee and tea available a bit of noise but not a problem. For what I paid in this area I would use again.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or110-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",walking in hyde park was excelent,the room was clean and tidy the shower area was new it was clean and the bed was comfortable just right for my two day stay the location is great paddington station is a couple of minutes away and its a couple of miles to the shopping centre on oxford street so its well worth a visit and id go back and stay in the ascot again,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or115-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here. Unsafe and Dirty,"I stayed for 2 nights,  booked through another website that gave good reviews for this hotel. Wish I had checked trip advisor first. Electrics did not work properly, mould around windows and showers, slopping floors, dirty carpets, no hot water for 2 days. This hotel is in my opinion a dump, spend a little bit more and stay in a safe clean hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or115-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Place I've ever stayed at!!!!,"The lift didn't work, the door was made of plywood & wouldn't lock properly, the toilet fell apart, the beds were so narrow & uncomfortable, the room looked like a kid had renovated it, the power points & the wiring was hanging out of the wall, bathroom door didn't shut properly, what looked like a camera in the room, cornices in ceiling not finished, the floor was dusty, the towels were see through & the size of a bath mat. My girlfriend & I felt totally unsafe there as it looked like they were running a brothel. There was only 1 nice receptionist man there who actually helped us get our bags down the 100 or so steps back to the reception as the lifts didn't work. Outside there were quite a few men smoking a sheesha pipe which made the place look even terrible! Sheets and…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or115-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING DO NOT STAY HERE ,"So we stayed here for just one night thank God, with our 2 young boys!   Firstly receptionist was on the phone for about 20mins before were acknowledged, we checked in and well where shall I start? Lift out of order, walls and stairs were filthy very horrid smell walking around.  In the room the wall radiator was wonky, the lights wouldn't turn off all one point, toilet hanging off wall, bathroom floor uneven and cracked, soap dish holder dirty, beds uncomfortable, mould round all the windows, very noisy, no remote bit we did get one in the end, as for the team cups no way would I drink from them, they were dirty and tray was dirty too!!!!  The outside of this place is uninviting and 1st impressions were pretty bad, paid a lot of money to stay here and never ever again!  I can't…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or115-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grimey,20mins for the guy at reception to get off the phone and actually check us in. The Rad was hanging off the wall in our room please see the pic attached .  Dirty carpets in stair well with coffee smashed up the wall reading what others said it's been there months. Lift not working again reading other reviews it's been out of service since at least 2013 and the track to the fifth floor where we stayed was a mission.  Mouldy single glazed windows. At least the beds looked clean and the shower and toilets worked. We luckily after reading reviews here didn't eat on site. Wouldn't go back ,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or115-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wipe your feet on the way out,What a horrible disgusting smelly hotel.  Paid £115 for one night for a double room. Which isn't really too bad considering its London. But my god. This place isn't even fit for a corpse. I've seen grave yards more tidy. I opened the Curtains in the morning a little sun shining through I could see how thick the dust was in the room. Towels are the size for toddlers not adults. Floors hadn't been cleaned in what looked like decades. The halls stairways even the reception was disgusting. I would never stay here again not even if I was paid to. It's noisy inside and out and the staff were pig ignorant aswell. It gets NO STARS from us. STAY AWAY DO NOT STAY HERE. Should come with a health hazard! ,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or120-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Hotel - Worst I Have Stayed In,"I made the mistake of hoping the bad reviews were just fussy people moaning - I was wrong. It's as bad as the bad reviews say it is - if not worse. We stayed with 3 other couples/families, so it wasn't just our room that we got to see.  When we first checked in (after much difficulty helping the disinterested guy on reception find our booking) we went to our room and found that the bed was messed up and there was luggage in there - luckily the occupants weren't there. We said to the guy on reception that there was already someone in the room he gave us - he just looked puzzled and didn't even apologise. He eventually gave us another room on the 5th Floor. The lift wasn't working - and didn't look like it had for a while as it was boarded up, so we had to make our way up a maze…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or120-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad,"I booked my son into this hotel as he had an interview in London at short notice. He found the room small but clean and modern. The location was superb and the staff were helpful. I think he must have had one of the refurbished rooms but for £39 this was an absolute bargain, and we would use it again.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or120-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not even fit for a dog to stay in,"This is the most disgusting hotel I'v ever stayed in .. filthy dirty hole , and should be closed down!.. cockroaches and stain bedding, rotten windows stinking place.. if we hadn't arrived late at night then we would have moved hotels..  I booked the hotel through a late rooms website , I don't know who's worse the late rooms web site or the hotel , you'd think the web site would check the hotels out to see they are of a standard .. Youl need a tetanus shot after your stay.. that's if you sleep for the fear of the cockroaches!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or120-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Filth,The most disgusting hotel i have ever seen. False Advertisement an under statement. The stairway to the 5th floor had a great view of peeling paint and stained carpet. The hand rail so dirty you wouldnt bother touch it. Smell of cigarettes on most floors on the way up. Even a member of staff doing maintenance smoking on the 3rd floor. The hallway on the 5th floor stank of urine. Smell of dampness in the room. The walls were stained. The bed sheets had stains also and the inside of the pillow covers revealed yellow pillows from sweat stains. the floors dipped with most steps felt like you could fall through. Walls so paper thin you couldnt lean agaisnt the wall. Room service advertised but a remote control could not even be brought to the room. Our of service lift apparently…,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or120-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",good for budget travellers,"Located in the bustling area of Paddington. Just a 5-minute walk to Paddington Station. No lobby really is said to be the lobby. Aisle leading to the room and up the narrow staircase walkway. Planked floor that looks unstable. Living room is narrow and dusty. Not suitable for families and young children. Difficulty sleeping at night because almost every time the sound of ambulance ago in Craven Road. Dining is no problem because there are several halal eateries near this hotel, including Tukdin, the halal food from Malaysia. There is a gift shop near the hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or125-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from hell,Booked this for 2 nights for the price I thought that it would be a good hotel as it was for a family room with my sister and her 2 girls we got there the lift was broken we had to go up 5 flights of stairs which was absolutely stinking the room was worse I don't know how anyone could ever stay in the place we left as it would need to be infumigated never seen anything like it in my life and the staff aren't much better this place would need closed down we had to walk for hours to get some where to stay,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or125-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Sweat stains, Mould & Urine ","Well where do I start! We unfortunately only looked at the reviews on the way to London and I started to get worried. It'll be OK said the wife and as she's the boss I stopped fretting. We stayed for one night in this filthy run down hotel and to be honest it should be shut down or gutted and rebuilt internally from scratch. There are photos on here of the facade of the hotel which gives an accurate picture of what to expect. Large patches of mould on the ceiling in the bathroom, blood on the bathroom door, heavily sweat stained pillows and mattress, urine splashes and stains on the toilet seat, rotten windows and flickering lights is just the start. The lift says it's out of order, however rather than fixing it they've permanently boarded it up. Therefore you take the stairs…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or125-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never known anything like it,"I stupidly booked this hotel on booking.com without reading the trip advisor reviews (which is something I usually always do) but it was a last min booking so I rushed and it slipped my mind so I booked only reading booking.com's reviews  I booked a 2 night stay here, on the first day I arrived around midnight... I checked in and straight away it looked more like a hostel then a hotel (I've been to better hostels). The lift was broken so I had to go up 6 flights of stairs being 5months pregnant and with my 5year old daughter. On the way up there was writing on doors done with permanent marker and stains all over the carpets and walls.  I got into the room and there were stains on the bed throws, the bed linen was so thin you could see through it. I didn't want to stay there but…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or125-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Don't trust on the picture! This is the most bad hotel . Room was dirty and cold. WiFi is not free.  No hot water.  Dirty . It's not even 1 star hotel. It's like a very bad hostel. The price is very expensive for this type of service.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or125-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but BASIC ,Hotel Appearance - Hotel didn't really look much like a hotel when we got there! Poorly decorated and very BASIC. The lift was not working which was not good as we had heavy bags and we were on the top floor so there was around 14 flights of stairs! Baring in mind we went on a night out so our feet were KILLING. Was only a laugh because I was with friends.   Room - Room was dull and BASIC. Don't expect anything amazing. Bed sheets were clean and comfortable. Decoration was poor just plain white walls and brown furniture. There was a tiny tv and kettle with tea making facilities. On a plus side the bathroom was very nice and modern and plenty of towels available. In the morning we woke up to loud drilling and maintenance work which wasn't pleasant.   Staff - Reception staff were…,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or130-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotel I've ever stayed at,"Absolutely terrible hotel. Dirty and full of fungus.  The whole hotel smells of fungus. Breakfast was disgusting. Staff seems to live at the hotel and stays at the reception area 24/7. Definitely not a hotel for one with disabilities due to the many stairs.  Windows cannot be properly closed, hence very dangerous for children.  We had red stains on the walls behind the bed. Rooms towards the street are suffering from the noise from traffic as Praed Street is heavily trafficked. ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or130-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid at all costs, horrendous hotel","Stayed here a week ago for 1 night whilst on business. Stupidly booked it without looking on here first! The website and hotel photos give the impression of a quality hotel with nice furnishings and clean rooms etc.  That couldn't be further from the truth- the reception area was a desk stuck by the door and the man was too busy talking on his mobile phone to speak to me. The room was up 8 flights of stairs- the lift was broken and you're not notified of that on booking.com- the corridors were dirty, with stained carpets, dirty woodwork and paper thin walls and floors.  The room wasnt cleaned properly: grimy shower, dusty floors, paint peeling off walls and ceiling, single glazed windows with flaking paint...  The beds were two camp beds with thin mattresses, no mattress…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or130-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room,Hotel is located in central London easy to approach most part of London.Rooms are small size but maintained. Washroom is small but maintained daily.Facility of room coffee maker is there. Lift was not in working condition.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or130-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Think before you book?,"This is a typical lower end market hotel but looking at the photo's on their website they give an impression that there is more quality to the hotel by the look of the appearance of the facade, the rooms and facilities.  However, the reception is basically a work service dividing the customer from the receptionist, built in the main hallway clashing with the front door and customers entering and leaving.  The receptionist although friendly was too busy talking to two people standing at the side of the reception to pay attention to my booking.   We were directed to the forth floor via a the stairs that could not handle more than one person along the corridors and stairways.  The lift was out of order but we were not informed, there were over eight flights of stairs and various…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or130-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stuffs are nice and helpful,"Their elevator broke. The price are reasonable. For the price, If you bring your own sheets will help you to have a good night sleep there. Not sure how often they change sheets.,may only change top sheets. Itching......",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or135-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't trust the photos,"Booked off another site where they have surprisingly good reviews. This was a last minute trip and everywhere we'd normally stay was fully booked so thought we'd hit the jackpot. Sadly, I was wrong. Its not that its shabby, which it is. Its that its dirty and unkempt. You must negotiate vast stairways to get to the second floor. The walls and floors are both filthy and at 8pm on a Sunday night, dirty mop water and empty drinks littered the floor. Almost none of the fire doors actually close and the numerous visible repairs to the place are all bodge jobs.  The room itself was stifling, even with a window open, and no ventilation in the bathroom. The bathroom was obviously recently renovated, but its a clear home DIY and badly done. At least it appeared clean. The floor in the…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or135-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the  money,Was here for my winter holiday stay at this hotel 4days but the hotel its not worth staying.  The hot shower in the room was not working and we had to call so many times to get it fix and the lift was damn slow and small if u are carrying big luggage only u and 1more person cn  get in the lift.  The only good about the hotel is the stragetic location.nearby the metro station main paddington station walking distance and lots of cafe and sourvenier stores outside along the hotel.  I will definitely not return my stay here at the hotel again in london.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or135-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",They could do better!,"We start saying that the rooms are not bad, they are much better than the images of visitors. The problem is the cleanness. There is dust everywhere and there are stains everywhere. The hygiene is low, for example, I turned on the hairdryer and came out a lot of dust from it. In addition there is no lift and Wi-Fi is not free, but you have to pay for it. The location is very nice, you are a short walk from Paddington Station. However for one or two nights can be ok. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or135-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK.,"I have to many faults of this place, first of all i want to start here. I turned on the hairdryer & smoke came out the back, followed with purple and orange sparks through out the hairdryer. I dropped it in horror. Bear in mind this passed in January it is now September!!!!!! This hairdryer is extremely dangerous. Just incase DO NOT USE NO HAIRDRYER IN THIS HOTEL",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or135-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Unfrendly personel, dirty","These guys are one of worst hotels in London and obviously very proud of it. Hotel is quite old, with weird odor when you step in it NEGATIVES Linen - dirty which is unacceptable in hotel of any category anywhere in the world Personel - receptionist talking on phone uninterested and not minding for at least hold the door (20cm away from him) for guests entering/leaving with heavy luggage *poor isolation *charging internet *charging left luggage (first time i ve seen this in London in hotels of these category and i ve seen more then in enough, especially in Paddington) *there is no dark curtains on windows  POSITIVES *they have elevator, although it is accident waiting to happen, many hotels don' have them *decent breakfast  It is a budget hotel but cleanness of linen and nice…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or140-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",o.k for an overnight stop,Stairs and public spaces were very dirty the room itself was good for a quick one night stay .bathroom flooded  whilst taking a shower and only had one pillow each  .Location for central London was good but very noisy late into the night,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or140-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grotty!!!!,"The hotel is alike to a poor hostel. The photos do it more justice than it deserves.  Service! Was there any? On arrival stood for ages while the guy behind the small desk was on his mobile.  Very worn everywhere.  The room, a strong smell of smoke on opening the door, claustrophobic. Cheap plastic throw away cups for tea/coffee. Stained bedding. Towels supplied were thin and well worn. The only saving grace was that there was a decent shower although black mould on the ceiling. Couldn't wait to leave the next morning I wished I had taken some photos :(",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or140-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Definite NO!!!!,"Complete and utter dive.  Definitely would not recommend staying here.   Added are some photos of our room.  Old, dirty and in need of some TLC.  Room wasn't ready when we arrived either so had to stand around waiting.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or140-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stele structures,Our company paid 600pound for two rooms and we have stopped all over the UK and trust me we won't be stopping here again dark smelly rooms and the hotel told us we had the best rooms nothing like the Internet pictures horrible place!!!!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or140-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Cheap and Chearful","Staff are friendly, but because they are limited you won't get any help physically with luggage.  Lift needs to be serviced so it looks like it belongs with the hotel.  Everything else is fairly clean and tidy.  My bathroom had a strong smell of smoke and the staff sorted this straight away.  Breakfast is not a full English, more continental.  Otherwise, ok.  Staff are friendly and helpful to give directions and recommendations.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or145-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",not worth the price,"lets just say that the outside definitely looks better than the inside. i stayed 3 nights with my mom and dad, and for what we paid i would have expected something more. when we checked in they didn't have the triple room as we booked, so they offeedr us a double and a single. i couldn't be bothered complaining, just a bit annoying when thats not what you booked. The hotel was dirty, and we found a cockroach in the dining area. The breakfast was simple even though they advertise it at full english breakfast, im glad we got it included in our price because i would never have paid 5 pounds extra for that everyday. They didn't have enough clean service in the morning, so you either had to wait or just not get any. The only good thing i can say is the location. the hotel is located…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or145-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,I went in London with my family for holiday and I slept in the Ascot hotel but I've hate it for all the holiday because it was very very dirty the people who work there were rude and unpleasant there was a very poor breakfast and the location wasn't the best so I don't advise to anyone to sleep there also because the relationship between the quality and the price is very bad!!! ,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or145-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, unkempt, don't even consider this hotel","From the moment you walk in you know this may not be where you want to be. The lobby waiting area is just large enough for the three mismatched office chairs that await you. Even so you decide to give it a chance and the next indication of something strange is the notation on your folio that there is a £20 deposit for the TV remote - yes, I'm serious. Off to the elevator to be greeted with doors that don't completely close, carpet that may not have been cleaned in 2016, a broken control panel, and residual liquids of an undetermined sour slashed on the interior door. It only gets worse from here. Dirty bed linens, broken windows, dangerous electrical wiring, on and on........Just stay away!!!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or145-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It was acceptable,"The two bedrooms are comfortable and the location is perfect next to paddington station which is a main station in London ! The staff is also nice . But the beds are small and the hair dryer is very annoying . It is in overall good, cosy and average .",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or145-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Excellent location, plenty of tea and coffee in room, room was spacious, when I asked for a extra pillow as there was only 1 on each bed, I was told there is none left... basic but acceptable for 1 night... ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or150-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Short trip,Dark and smelly and just not nice place to go to we not think it was value for money were their place around thus already which are giving us more room and a better nights stay. There were stains and it very cramped place not for us and we won't be staying again.  I feel it on it's way with a bit more TLC  AND better orginsation we would see a quite nice hotel in London ,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or150-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Vile hotel. Didn't want to touch anything. We paid over £110 for the night for this hotel and wouldn't have paid a tenth of that if we had the choice. Broken toilet seat, room and bathroom not clean and really noisy!   The best thing about the hotel is the closeness to Paddington Station, the tube and Hyde Park.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or150-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mr,"Three words to describe this DUMP... Disgusting Filthy Hovel , my Fiancée  had booked us  into this hole for 2 nights unfortunately, we got taken to a hovel of a room up 5 flights of extremely steep stairs having to carry our luggage ourselves as no porters offered , walked into what I can only describe as dirt pit of a room which was so hot it made you want to pass out , This was also not in the main part of the Hotel but an Annex a few doors Down, just a few pointers of the room , absolutely filthy , the bed had just been made and there was Cigarette ash on the Sheets , filthy walls , filthy bathroom with broken tiles in the wall a rusting shower base , no plug in the sink and to top it all a broken toilet seat . When we complained that this was not what was shown on their…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or150-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Save your money and go somewhere nice! ,"First trip to London from Sydney, for a short stay it is okay but very dodgy area. The staff are rude on check in, do not greet guests or talk to guests. They speak their own language and talk amongst each-other. They do not even wear a uniform. Housekeeping do a great job! Don't believe the professional photos they've uploaded on the Internet. The place is falling apart! Do yourselves the favour and save more money and spend more money on your accomodation, it's totally worth it. We checked out and went somewhere else, and coming back after a big day exploring London to a nice, warm and comfortable hotel is much nicer than staying in a money making pawn where the employees couldn't care less about you. ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or150-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,"We stayed for a Saturday and Sunday night for a concert in Hyde Park. The hotel is in a great location, right next to Paddington station and a 15 min walk to the park. Staff were friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and had a really nice floor length double window with a lovely railing on it - not much to look at but it was nice to have the window fully open  The hotel is tired, needs a lick of paint. There is alot of outside noise so if you are a light sleeper this might not be the place for you. If you are expecting 5 star class, i wouldnt come here  If you want something close to the park, bars and restaurants in Paddington, its clean enough and we would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or155-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room,This hotel was chosen for location and i was pleasantly surprised by how nice the room was. Plenty of tea/coffee and bath products provided. Wasnt expecting a deposit of £20 for the remote control but hey ho...charge of £5 for wifi and £5 for breakfast. Staff were friendly. Funny smell in reception but the room was very nice. Would stay again for the right price. Lots of choice for restaurants and a short journey to central london.All in all not too bad.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or155-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,Just returned from a fabulous weekend in London EXCEPT for this hotel. Let down at the last minute with our apartment   So this was all that was left.   Very dirty do not take the bedding off .... So hot and stuffy  Room for four should only be a double. Staff ( cleaners ) could not understand any English. DO NOT  STAY   ,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or155-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Shambolic, very dirty and unwelcoming. Supposed to check in at 2pm, room still hadn't been cleaned. Even after returning later that evening the room was still very dirty even after being cleaned.  Very disappointed, hairs in the shower and staff very unhelpful. Furniture all broken and warn, bed very uncomfortable and mattres stained! Even the kettle didn't work, needless to say avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or155-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!,"Stayed here for a weekend and from the moment we walked through the door we knew this hotel was going to be an interesting stay....  The staff were grumpy (especially when we asked for an iron and were told that there was only one in the hotel!!!)  The place stank of cigarettes (and other interesting smells) The lift was not safe for use and was incredibly noisy, especially throughout the night.  The stairs took you on a wild maze run.  The room was small and although looks nice on first impressions, it was not good. There was not one wall without marks on.  The television could only play bbc one due to the poor signal.  The floors were uneven and a safety hazard.  The bed was like a camp bed and looked as though it had not been cleaned underneath.   Worst of all were the hairs.…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or155-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"The only good point about this hotel is the shower. Its an overpriced hovel. Thank goodness we only booked one night. The corridors are a safety hazard, we daren't use the lift and didn't want to risk the food after seeing the state of the place. We had no sleep due to the noise outside and something that can only be described as a never stopping elavator whizzing up and down at the side of our room all night. It was boiling & you couldn't open the 'door' due to the noise. The staff didn't want to know. Take our advice and book elsewhere for the same price",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or160-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",the location is an advantage,The hotel only had a location advantage. The room was small and cramped. Wifi facility was on payment.The staff was not friendly. The breakfast was very basic and oily.  However the housekeeping was good.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or160-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pictures are very misleading,"This is a cheap hotel. Expect no courtesies when you check or check out. The Room 505 is miserably small. The bed is a camp cot / fold up bed, which is unstable and 2 feet wide. Room is noisy, you can hear everything all the time. The window does not close. Doors are noisy and squeak when open and closed. The bathroom though is good but with no place to put your soaps and toiletries in the bath. Also the hot water pressure and temperature is always a matter of speculation.Breakfast is minimal, just placed on the table. All the hotel guests appear to have reached a state of no expectation and are waiting for their stay to end. The good part is the location with lots of good affordable eating joints around.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or160-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly suprising,"Very pleasantly suprised by this hotel!  Location is great, lots of restaurants close by and convenient links to the tube.  The room is very modern, extremely clean and looks far more expensive than it is.  Bathroom immaculate and modern again.  Only down side is the windows are thin so it lets in quite a bit of noise and could possibly do with an extra pillow or two but overall really good value for money and would definetely stay again :) ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or160-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent stay, no problems, great location","Stayed at this hotel last Friday for one night.  Arrived about 11am and asked if we could leave our bags whilst we went out for the afternoon. Was no problem and left in our room, although it wasn't ready. Cleaner was very friendly. TV didn't work but that didn't bother us.  Room was clean, beds comfortable and nice clean bedding, bathroom had a great shower and was also clean.   Slept well, some noise from outside but not enough to disturb us.   Breakfast was good.  Not so much choice if you're used to somewhere like a Premier Inn but we all enjoyed it. Ham, cheese, boiled eggs, cereal, fruit juice, toast, bacon, sausage, hash browns, baked beans. We left our bags (paid £5) in the luggage room and collected again about 7pm just before our train. Hotel perfectly located by…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or160-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dated and tacky,"Thankfully stayed only two nights here. First night arrived in the early hours due to flight delays, otherwise would have went somewhere else. £20 deposit for the remote control for the TV. £5 per day for internet access. Lift is filthy with dirt all over the walls and took what felt like hours when called.  Room was so small the doors had been ripped off the wardrobe to make room for two beds, which were fold up beds and swayed with every movement. Cheap wood floors were buckled due to water damage. The ""dressing table"" , the wood and paint was peeling off. Plug socket behind the one bedside table could not take a three pin plug unless you rammed it in. The window pane was held in with what looked like chewing gum and good luck! Noise from other rooms was constant as wood…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or165-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't,Just don't stay there even if the price is good. This is the worst hotel in the WORLD. they will try to charge you for wifi.   The fire alarm went out at 5 am because they've burned some toast and no one said sorry.   The room was not cleaned and unsafe. The staff is scary and incompetent! Stay out of this place !!!!!!!!!,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or165-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT STAY HERE,"I Booked 9a Craven Rd which is a different name for the Ascot  for our 21st Wedding Anniversary as we went to see a show in London. Booked it because it was in a good location for Paddington Tube (this is closed until Aug 2016) and the photo's looked nice. Not many reviews but decided to take the risk. Please don't do what I did. There are no redeeming features of this hotel and the 2 rooms I was offered were equally as bad. Dirty, cramped and not as they advertise. We left this Hotel and stayed at the Park Grand which was good value for money and the staff were excellent.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or165-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful ,Hotel is located in Paddington which is literally a minute walk to the underground so very easy to move about to different areas. Staff were very friendly during our stay. Hotel was clean and tidy. Bed was super duper comfy.   Only downside was that there is no air con.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or165-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What's home like if you pay to stay here?! ,"The worst hotel I've ever stayed in (and that's saying something!). I booked this by accident and decided to run with it. It's like something you'd see on that programme, 'banged up abroad'.   The man on reception: concierge, Maitre'd, whatever he is, can't or won't speak English. It's a case of nodding and slamming the key card on the counter. I felt like I was on holiday in Kabul. I felt like it was the scene of a Russian drug deal.    The lift was like something out of a mine shaft and my room, 500 was directly above the lift which made an unbelievable racket each time it arrived at floor 4. The room wasn't dirty so to speak, but it was out of the 70s so hard to seem clean.  windows reminded me of boarding school. Lead and knackered. Lots of noise from outside. Lots of noise…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or165-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We stayed for one night on our first night in England. The room was small but that wasn't such a big deal, the bathroom had mould growing all over the ceiling and on some walls, the bed had springs poking me all over, and the walls/doors were so thin we could hear the people in the room next door as down the corridor which woke me up repeatedly late into the night as late check in's arrived with suitcases.   That wasn't the worst though! They allocated someone else the same room as us and they walked in while we were napping in the evening waking me up! Then next thing I know management came knocking on the door asking us to come to reception. I had to wake my husband to send him down.  They then didn't think we had checked in (we had and paid for wifi - how else would we be in…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or170-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hen do stay from hell,"This hotel was booked for my friends and I by a Hen do company and we were told that it was a great 3* hotel and we paid for what we thought was going to be quality. When we arrived the sign outside gave us worry from the 1st look - covered in green scum. When we went to the elevator it was old, creaking, held together by tape (see photo) and made us feel completely unsafe. One of the girls in out party has a disability meaning that the lift had to be used - I have never been scared in a lift however this one made us think we were entering the place of our death. We were given 2 rooms (one for 4 people and the other for 3), which were hot, small, smelly, dark, and grubby. There was no aircon, and the windows were covered in mould with the paint coming off in our hand when we…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or170-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel close to Park,"I had looked on the internet well in advance of a concert to be held in Hyde Parks grounds... I looked for cheapness,quality and walking distance of venue... And The Ascot came up trumps... Also with a self serve Breakfast i found value for money... The only thing that let it down slightly was a que to book in on arrival and the cleanliness of the corridors and stairs... But all in all was very satisfied ...",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or170-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel!,"We arrived and reception tried to put us in a flat next door to the hotel. The flat had no curtains, a bed in the kitchen, and was generally dirty. We refused to stay in there so they moved us to the main building, unfortunately they said they had no triple rooms available so we had to have our 5 year old sleep with us, which was not ideal in a small bed. The room was very basic with, vinyl flooring throughout which we thought was strange. The windows are single glazed so you can hear everything that goes on outside throughout the night. Our room was next to the lift shaft, the lift made the most horrendous noise every time it moved, which again kept us awake Most of the night. Only lucky thing was we only booked 1night, any more and we would of had to move.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or170-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good for short stay,"The room we had was lovely, for £55 we wasn't sure what we was going to get but it was really nice, spacious for the two off us, comfortable bed! Only problem was the noise but if you're out and about or sleeping it wasn't a problem! All in all a good stay!!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or170-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful experience, avoid at all cost","This hotel is horrendous.  We had booked a double and tripe room but when we arrive were told we'd been allocated into a flat!  The flat was up the road from the hotel, dirty and not at all what we had booked.  There were not even curtains up in one of the bedrooms.  On complaining we were told they have no triple rooms.  We then had to accept 2 x double rooms but were offered nothing in way of compensation.  Horrendous!!",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or175-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.... Avoid like the plague,"Awful hotel at London prices it's more a B&B or hostel.  Bed was terrible could feel springs of mattress like sleeping on lego.  Our room faced the street and no double glazing meant you hears everything, 2 nights of very little sleep at all.  Breakfast was very poor not even proper coffee just sachets of nescafe.  Never stay here ! ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or175-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, great location & very good price.","Stayed in this hotel for 1 night from 19th-20th April.  We were quite worried and apprehensive about this hotel due to the reviews. But as we discovered you can't always judge somewhere by the reviews and we're pleasantly surprised! We checked in at reception and were given a room on the second floor although we weren't given any extra information about what time check out was or when breakfast was. Our room was a double room fairly basic with a small bathroom but the room was clean and very presentable. We checked out the next morning just before 11am. There is a cafe/bar next door called ""Raffles"" where we went for breakfast which was very good. The hotel is ideal if you want a good central location and Paddington tube station is only a few minutes walk.   The only thing I…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or175-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Vile - DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY,"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and thank god it was 1 night. There was wee in the toilet on arrival, ripped carpets, curtains had cigarette burns and didnt fit windows, wifi is NOT FREE, freshly painted but it was everywhere, walls were paper thin, rotten window sills and the windows didnt close properly and a fone call at 23:45 waking us up which we chose to ignore!! Hairdryer was directly wired into plug with visible wires showing, uneven floor that made u feel drunk without drinking i guess its fair to say there are cheaper hotels that are better quality as for £66pn and no breakfast i feel majorly ripped off oh and i dont know what rooms they are showing but it definitely wasnt the room we were given.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or175-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good to spend couple of days,"OK. it depends on what you want from the hotel. In my case, I want good place to spend 2 nights with my family in London. of course I do not want to spend all time in the hotel but I want to see London. I feel that some of comments before me underestimate the hotel. I booked 2 night (double room with no breakfast and no WiFi). I can say this hotel gave me all what I expected. May be not free WiFi is one of problem. Its location was very good. All in all I was satisfied because I do not want to spend a lot of money.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or175-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",��,I   staid   there   for ( 8 ) nights. No one single day bedsheets changed. Thank god I had my own bedsheet. and I had to ask them to clean the  room floor. Bathroom not bad but small. Room was small with too much noise from out side the hotel and even inside.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or180-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this place - a dive AVOID,"The quad family room/flat (F1) we were offered was completely unacceptable. No curtains on the windows in one room, a bed in the kitchen. Dirty hairy stained towels misfitted  toilet seat, unstable windows that blew open and would not fasten, a electric socket that sparked. We couldn't stay we had to go home to Oxford at midnight. We missed all the attractions we had booked for the following day. There was no manager available to discuss our problems. The room we were offered is 9a Craven road separate from hotel. Absolutely disgusting. I booked back in January not even a late deal, no excuse. This has caused a great deal of upset for my family on a joint birthday weekend, I am totally shocked and dismayed at the lack of help the reception member of staff offered, all he could…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or180-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good , clean , well located hotel","Family member in st Mary's hospital , hotel does exactly what it advertises , reasonable , clean - if you want a Hilton there is one up the road but at Hilton prices , demon on the front deck very nice man , we're extending our stay and he looked after us ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or180-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"We decided to have a London break and booked into the ascot hyde park hotel for a 2 night stay as it was near Paddington tube station and ideal for us. On arrival the outside of the hotel was a bit scruffy but the receptionist was helpful to us. The 1st room we went to couldn't be accessed with the key card given so we were given another room. We were pleasantly surprised. The room was a double with bathroom. It was clean, bright and a good size and for a hotel I've never seen so many toilet rolls (8), shower sachets, shampoos, coffee, teabags etc.  We asked for extra pillows and they were brought to us straight away. We never had breakfast as we ate out but was offered it for an extra payment.  We never enquired about the WiFi so can't comment on it. The only negative comments…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or180-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap ,"I stayed here for 3 nights whilst I had interviews in London. The price is very cheap, but due to the photos I expected better than what I got. The room was OK as was the bathroom although it was basic. If you pay for the breakfast make sure you take your winter coat with you, the workers have all the doors open which makes it hard to enjoy your breakfast in the middle of winter.the breakfast itself was ok although the beans were always cold. Customer service was not great although nothing really to complain about. Stay here if you want cheap accommodation but don't expect to be blown away.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or180-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible night's sleep! ,"We stayed here for one night early February. It was a great location, and we were pleased with how convenient it was to get to. That was where the positive parts finished and it went downhill from there! We were welcomed by a grunt from reception who gave us the key, pointed us to the lift and that was it. Not once did he smile! We were on the 4th floor (I think it was room 401) and it was right next to the lift. The constant noise of the lift kept us awake most of the night, as did the noise outside the paper thin walls. We asked for a double but got a twin, not really an issue. My partner wanted to go out at around 5 in the morning to get a bottle of water (after being woken up by shouting outside our room). The ""night porter"", if you can call him that, woke up and said ""where…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or185-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL FILTHY HOTEL STAY AWAY!!!,Awful hotel and awful customer service!  Myself and my partner  booked a london break.. as we both work very hard and was looking forward to our break. I booked a double room. I was told id be put in a quad room then one night in another room? Do people really want to be doing this when they have paid for a break away?? I think this is very poor service.. if there was no double rooms then we have just stayed in the quad room. Late on in the afternoon on the saturday we wanted to go to our room for a rest. We were given a card for another room to find it a mess. Also our room door was not closed and had our luggage left in there? This is shocking!! We were lucky that we returned when we did or we could of had our things takern? We then had to go out to allow the cleaner to…,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or185-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this one,"Went to London for few meetings while Rugby World Cup took place. Lost few hours for the room to be ready but it wasn't prepared even in the evening. The bed was dirty as well as the curtains, cealing and floors. Single room is simply too tiny and the length of the bed is approx 170cm. Staff communicates in Arabic on purpose and they are not friendly at all. Wifi is also well below normal quality. Bottom line, hostels are better than this.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or185-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money hotel,"This is a great value for money hotel, especially in London where everything is so expensive for no reason. I stayed here for 2 nights, and was very pleased with the experience, especially compared to other similar hotels I've stayed in London which were really expensive for what they offered. This is located in a very convenient spot (5 minute walk from Lancaster Gate and 1 minute from Paddington). Apart from that, the room was excellent and large, with a great modern renovated bathroom, and the most important of all; was very clean. I had booked a single room and they upgraded me to a double one. Great experience, and will definitely choose it again for my next visit, as it's so affordable and clean.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or185-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Superb,"This hotel is perfect for a cheap stay  in the centre of London. It is a stones throw from Paddington and you can hear the trains and traffic but this is London, surely it's what you expect. My husband and I will definitely stay here in the future. The only negative I will say is give the breakfast a miss and pop next door to Raffles.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or185-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",visit in June,"excellent location, very close to station, metro, many restaurants, MC, short walk to hyde park; had a triple room - normal size for UK., all you need is there, but there is one big problem - windows - they`re old and wind is coming in to the room...in winter it could be cold!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or190-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",good location but a poor choice,"Spent 2 nights here & whilst the entrance & reception area was poor & misleading. I was given a  tiny room with two singe beds although I had booked a double bed room. It was sort of ok with  poor quality beds & it was very noisy as it overlooked the main road. The bathroom was it's saving grace being fairly modern. There was free Wi-Fi & plenty of tea & coffee etc. Also it was only a few minutes from Paddington, Heathrow express & the tube.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or190-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location in central London,"very unimpressive from the outside, but a fantastic location just 5 minutes walk from the main Paddington Station (end of Heathrow express from the airport).  small cramped check-in space, but the clerks and nice and helpful.  They also provide storage area in the basement where you can check your bags and go explore, for a reasonable charge of 5 pounds (for the entire room, not per bag).",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or190-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","If possible, avoid it!","I stayed here with 2 friends for 4 days. We booked initially a room for 2, but later asked for an extra bed (months prior our arrival). When we arrived they didn't have a room for us all, they put us in separated rooms in another building. The next day they changed us to the main building. The first room was bad, and smelled a lot like cigarretes. There were very few power sockets in very bad places. The shower didn't work on the next day, and don't expect WiFi working properly. It works only sometimes (even told so by the staff). The next days we stayed in another room which was better. Toilets were clean and shower worked good. Heaters didn't work. Staff not very welcoming. ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or190-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel,"Room was clean, en suite tiny!! Anyone of a larger disposition would have to step into shower to close the bathroom door! Breakfast was poor by today's standards, we were by no means the last down and there was only beans and mushrooms left on the hot side and cold hard boiled eggs!  plenty of toast and cereal, ( 3 ) types. Better to eat out much better deals on full English across road! Easy access to Paddington underground.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or190-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"We were worried when the receptionist took us out of the main building and into another door. However, on a whole, the hotel was clean and in a great location. We would advice to stay in the main hotel and would return to the hotel. When there was a problem with the boiler which was making an awful noise at 3am, the owner was reliable and efficient in stopping the noise. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or195-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Beware,"Booking here for two nights in September was my biggest mistake in 40 plus years of traveling. Do not stay here. It is unclean and unsafe. We booked two rooms for 2 nights. Our key card for entry in to our rooms was able to open all rooms on our floor which are sons discovered by accident after forgetting their room number. The rooms were filthy. The reception area and second floor stank of cigarettes and pot. The elevator was big enough for 2 people only with 1 case each and it was an antique and bounced. We decided in less than a minute not to stay there.  We went back to reception and advised we would not stay due to health and safety concerns outlined above. We asked to be refunded the $1,384 paid. They offered about$500 only which we refused. We will be initiating…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or195-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Does it the Job and well!,We all know this isn't the ritz and when you look at the outside that mind frame doesn't change at all. BUT and seriously but the rooms themselves are very very nice! Seriously with the location it has to Hyde park and Paddington station and the cost not being too insane for the location you'd happily take the hit and really there isn't even that much of a hit! I would go again main thing to add. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or195-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!!!,"Filthy, just look at the photos. Rubbish left in room, blood fingerprint on mirror light in bathroom!!! First 2 floors stink of fags, fire alarm goes off every night, cold showers, light fittings hanging off, wifi doesn't work! Only gave 1 star because I couldn't give 0 star! Horrific!",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or195-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting horrible dirty hotel ,I am not pleased with this hotel absolutely horrible pictures are not what the rooms actually look like. Not clean!! Beds are horrible and staff are miserable and not helpful! Do not stay here!! Worst experience ever at a hotel ,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or195-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and clean for the money,"Couldn't believe I booked a room for 1 in central London for £30!  I was on the top floor, with a good sized room with a double and single bed.  Looks like the hotel is being upgraded as various DIY was taking place.  The location is terrific if you are travelling to London Paddington on the train.    Basic clean room. Don't expect the Ritz for what you pay, but if you want a cheap central location for a night, you can't go wrong.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or200-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing weekend in London,"Just got home from an amazing weekend in London. It was a late birthday treat from my friend. Didn't know where I was staying until arrived outside, so was glad I didn't read the previous reviews. We were in room 401 bit dark on arrival but opened curtains and we quite happy with the room. Beds were clean and had a good nights sleep. Bathroom was clean with extra toilet rolls and loads of shampoo and shower gel. Lovely hot water shower. Enough tea, coffee, hot chocolate, milk and sugar for 3/4 days. Hairdryer in the room did a good job. I would go back and stay here as its 5 mins from Paddington station which connects you to Hammersmith in 15 mins. We were able to leave our luggage at the hotel but would have been happier if it had been locked away. The lift was a little noisy…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or200-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get your hopes up - but don't be put off,The hotel is in a great location close to Paddington. On arrival the staff were welcoming and gave us our keys.   We were directed to the annex. The entrance was shabby but the rooms were adequate if a little small. We had a very small balcony to the front which was fun if you're ok with heights.   Given the price it was all quite acceptable ,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or200-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget stay,"This hotel is no thrills, but is priced accordingly. My room was clean, warm and quiet. I slept well in a comfortable bed on all 3 nights. The shower room was also clean and  maintained to a decent standard. The location is great. The reception staff were a bit hit and miss but civil enough. I'd stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or200-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy & dirty,"Didn't get much sleep due to laundry & elevator noise. It went on all night & could hear other people in other room. Bed was uncomfortable, shower was fine- only picked this place for location due to meeting next day",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or200-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutly Horrendous, Rather have slept rough! AVOID AT ALL COSTS","Where to start.... you'd ast least expect a welcoming on arrival right?.... a list of facilities at the hotel right ? a luggage room to leave your suitcase if early right? Heck no....... possibly the most unorganised shambles of a hotel I have ever stayed in, currently undergoing cosmetic work on the stairwell to the breakfast room, yet no signs stating this route was out of action, clutter blocking routes, rooms were very small and furniture was dated. £30 charge to deposit the tv remote..... pfffttt... dirty curtains, hairs in bath, bathroom wall cabinet was so low you couldnt even rinse!! the list goes on........ AVOID!!!!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or205-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It did,"This was pretty basic, it wasnt the cleanest. One of the drawers had someones snacks left in. I did ask for a twin room and was given a twin double. No view to speak off. No remote control for tv. Large shower, water didnt flow away well. Shower gel and shampoo was supplied. Plenty tea and coffee sachets.  I wasnt offered wifi or breakfast so no idea id they exist. Ut was reasonably quiet except one night another guest was hammering their door. It woke me for some time. No area to sit in the lobby. When checking out, as our flight was later on that day, we asked to leave our bags. We were instructed to leave them at the lift even though a safe room was advertised.  Would i stay again? probably not. For an extra £15 a night there are much nicer places",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or205-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Forget it !,"Such a horrible experience. It's only because during the 'rugby week' evry single hotel in London was fully booked that I resisted in this place. Old structure, old furnitures, broken and bad sanitaries, dirty... and a sort of ""suk seller"" at the reception that tried to makeme pay more money for every single additional request (i.e. breakfast or wi-fi) even if it was already included in the paid price.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or205-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,My friend book this hotel and after this i have read review on Tripadvisor. I was worried a lot. Reception is very small but staff is very frendly. We have room 408. It is true that elevator is problem. Very slow. Room is good for one night stay. If you are with family i not think that is good hotel for family. If you alone and you need one night on clean room on good position and of course with cheap place this hotel is good for you. i,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or205-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",1 stay overnight,Booked hotel before reading the reviews & was a bit worried. Tried to cancel but could not. Arrived at hotel to book in. Reception were very helpful & polite. On 3rd floor so used lift. Small lift but did the job. Room small but everything you needed. Bathroom clean with plenty of condiments & towels. Bed made lovely & looked inviting. We paid £75 for double room including breakfast in the heart of London so what more were we to expect. Other reviews in my mind have been very unjust. We would definately stay there again.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or205-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"The location of the hotel is a good advantage, the room was very clean. We were visiting London for two days so this hotel was ideal. It is easy to reach from the airport using the underground and train in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or210-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"I booked a standard double bedroom and received a family room with two extra beds. The view from my window was lovely, however this was about the only thing I was pleased with! The sheets on the double bed were stained with something or other (we won't think about that too deeply) and there were no spoons for the tea and coffee. When I phoned up the day before to check details of my booking, the member of staff I spoke to was snappy and unhelpful. Overall very poor, but to be fair, I wasn't expecting wonders from a two-star hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or210-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Appaling Hotel,"We arrived to an unmanned reception smelling of cigarette smoke.   The reception was scruffy,   The corridor to the lift was scruffy.   The lift to the 4th floor was restricted to 3 people.   Everywhere had the appearance of neglect.  Website photograph of exterior very misleading.   Claimed to be 3 star.   The publicity is blatantly misrepresenting reality.   It is a tip!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or210-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not what expected,"The room was on the 4th floor, there were some kind of renovations in the past but verry pourly executed, the ceeling and the wall was not repainted, the floor was not even, the room had some kind of slope, there was no safe box, the wifi signal was poor at best, only worked near door and was not free, the bathroom was pretty clean let's say....but had no garbage can. The most annoying and awful thing was that from the bathroom from the ventilation system it came out a verry bad smell of cooking and burned oil, my guess is that it was somehow linked with the ventilation system of the kitchen. The cleaning service was also verry bad, only the sheets were changed, and the bathroom cleaned, the room was not vacuumed or washed. Never again.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or210-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely vile,"I've been here almost 2 hours and I'm in tears. If the fact my room is filthy, my bathroom has no light and my TV doesn't work was not bad enough, I check my bank account to find they've taken half the fee before I arrived and then charged me in full on arrival.  They assure me I get my £79 back but in the mean time I'm a student stuck in London with no money or food.  There is also no safe box in my room and the WiFi is not free. I was charged £5 for it and still no password has been given to me. So its dirty, they've stolen off me and everything I expected has been a lie. Never again, my first trip anywhere alone and they've ruined it for Me.  I have no money and I'm stuck here in this dirty room for the next 2 days coz I can't afford a new ticket home ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or210-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than its reviews-would stay again,"After getting fed up of looking for over and hour for accommodation in London for my sister and I to visit for 3 days ,we got fed up and booked this one-forgetting to look first at its reviews. After booking I looked at the reviews and was really really worried! However we found it to be a really good little hotel. Yes- its nothing glamorous-but if its just a cheap bed and stay your after then it fits the bill. The photo on booking.com was a little deceiving as it looks much bigger than it actually was in real. We stayed in a twin room that was right near the lift- so on arrival I did think-oh no its going to be a noisy one-with the lift noise and people walking straight passed our door-but no I was wrong-it wasn't noise. The location was really good as its just a few yards from…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or215-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",bates hotel,"Give this a wide berth nothing but disgusting place breakfast to make you sick the bacon was green they could not speak english when you complained but had no such problems when you was buying something, a ladder was resting the length of the stairs making it difficult to pass this place should be demolished keep away ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or215-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ascot Hyde Park Hotel,"This hotel is 150 yds to the Paddington Station, where you can travel by train to Heathrow, Gatwick or Paris or travel by the Underground anywhere in London. Fantastic location, close to many good restaurants. The hotel is very clean. They offer breakfast for 5 pounds but we went to local restaurants nearby. The Hop On/Hop Off bus stops close by. This hotel is perfect for the location. Don't expect Hilton amenities but what you'll get is a safe, clean place to sleep. Perfect for tourists! Wifi is an extra 5 pounds per stay and it goes in and out. Not reliable.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or215-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting...,"Booked this hotel at the last minute as other hotel was cancelled.. I have to admit i really didnt bother reading other reviews, and just went on a few pics that i clicked on. The hotel was easy to find and just a few minutes walk from Paddington station, which was very handy. On arrival it wasnt what i expected but, wasnt to dissapointed at the same time., we was given a form to sign, then key card and told what room and how to get to it..(no thankyou for choosing us or have a pleasant stay) We were told to take the lift, now if you  at all slighty suffer from claustriphobia or have any other problems with lifts..dont use it, its a little pass the sell by date, slow and makes a noise, i spent the rest of my 3 day stay using the stairs. The room was ok, 99% clean, nice bathroom…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or215-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"This hotel is one of the worst and dirtiest places I have ever stayed. The rooms are tiny and beds were full of hair. What makes things worse is that they were doing repairs during the whole weekend starting from 8am in the morning. When I called the reception to ask what is the noise and the bangs i ve been hearing all morning, the receptionist responded with a very rude attitude as if they were doing me a favour of letting me stay in the hotel. They also tried to charge me £5 per day for the Wifi but managed to get it for free after complaining of course. KEEP AWAY as there are many much better hotels to stay in the area.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or215-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A nice experience... NOT!,"The personnel are utterly rude. The hotel is very much run down and totally over-priced (100£+ for one night). The room was stinky and not clean. Not to mention that even with the window closed, there is a nice ""breeze"" coming in through it. The wifi is only chargeable (welcome in 2015) and only in the lobby (welcome in the new century!).  The only good point is that is 5 minutes walk away from Paddington train station, so if you need to jump on the first train in the morning this comes in handy.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or220-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not good.,"Booked this as a place to stay as we were going to the Rocky Horror Show.  Booked a double, but on arrival was told that the room had to single beds, after saying we were Married we ended up with a room with one double and one single bed.  Was on the top floor in a no smoking room, bot the top sheet of the bed had a cigarette burn.  The bedroom window had a very nice crack in it, and the floor was so uneven it felt like I had been drinking when trying to walk. I have to agree with the other comment about the lift, 3 people at a time, (although this had been crossed out and someone had scrawled the number 4 in its place.) And it took forever to arrive, and then to get to the desired floor.  Paid for the breakfast, but on closer inspection decided to give it a miss. The  WIFI was…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or220-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avarage,"Room is ok, breakfast very very poor (in some basement room) no fresh bread (just for tost). You have to pay for wifi and ot doesnt work unless you re standing by tbe door. Elevator takes a week to come and take only 3 persons. Recepcion stuff look not interested in anything.  Paid 320£ for two nights, it was in period of rugby world cup and this was the only hotel with free room. The price on the reception was higher than on booking.com and they didn't bother at all.  Avarage and too pricey :/",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or220-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let reception put you off,"From outside and in reception first thought is ' oh no!'. However the room is pleasant enough, not luxury but at the price for London it's fine. Beds are comfortable with crisp clean sheets and duvet. The en suite bathroom has been recently refreshed. Very clean and great shower. More room in it than other hotels I have stayed in locally. Ok for a short day,  1 / 2 nights.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or220-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Be prepared to sleep in pee,There was a big pee stain on the bed.  I told the front desk about it and he said they would change it out the next day but of course no one came.  So of course I had to leave the place early and take a loss.  It's a fine hotel...provided you like to sleep in a pool of someone else's urine.  See photo for reference.,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or220-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location with food options around. Good deal for 5th floor rooms,"Ascot Hyde Park hotel lies in the heart of Paddington, about 100 m from paddington station, which has a direct connectivity to heathrow.  Lots of food options around in paddington. Very close to hyde park and oxford road and Marble Arch also.   About the room Room was basic, the paint was damaged at many places. But the price at which they give is the price of a good dormitory. So I did not mind. I travelled solo.  They also book by another name , I think ""19 Craven Road"" or something. When I booked the 19 craven road, and went there, there was no such named property. I called up the number mentioned, and the operator said that the hotel is same as ASCOT HYDE PARK. So I went there and was offerred the top floor room.  Lift till 4 floors. Then you(and your luggage) have to climb…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or225-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"On check-in the man on the desk states that we are not booked into this building but another down the road. He was extremely rude and just pointed to a door way down the road. He didn't want to get wet in the rain! On entering the unmarked building my 5 year old son and I were greeted by the smell of cannabis and alcohol. We had to climb eight flights of stairs in a deathtrap stairwell to the top floor. There was a boozy party going on in full swing next door to our room. I realised that if there was a fire in the building we would not get out.  The room had two single beds, bare floorboards, windows that didn't close, curtains that didn't fit or close, a wardrobe without doors or a back.........all in all it felt like a drugs den.  I have stayed in hotels all over the world but…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or225-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I didn't think that this kind of hotel still existed in the 21st century in a West-European country. Once you and your luggage are in the room, no way to move anymore. Windows so thin and old that you could as much hear as feel the wind blowing THROUGH it. One single chair in the room: it looked like having spent 20 years in a young children school (scratches, marks, stains) The spare blanket: dirty, stained, sperm marks included Poor and scruffy breakfast. The funny thing is that the personal was quite nice, and also helpful. But not the slightest idea of how to run a hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or225-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"For 50 pounds/night the only thing I got was a direct access to the very close Paddington train station across the street. Access to London Busses is easy as well. It has a prime location in Paddington district. Restaurants, mini marketa are juat down the stairs. You can find all what u need.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or225-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!! ,"I was booked into a double room at this hotel, when i arrived the service was terrible i was ignored as the staff chatted to some other men and he left the building to do something leaving me waiting with a 2 month old baby wanting to be fed. After a long wait to get into the room I had to walk all the way up to the 5th floor! As the lift was dodgy.   The walk upstairs started to worry me further as it smelt and was unclean, i finally got to the top to find the key wasn't working! Desperately trying to get it to work fearing i'd have to walk the entire thing again with my baby it finally worked.  I opened the door to be hit with the smell of smoke as someone had been smoking in the room leaving the window open to try and mask the smell. There was grass and mud all over the…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or225-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok!!!,"Stayed here as it was near to Hyde Park we were going to a concert,on arrival I was a bit put off by the staff standing on the door step smoking, I had read bad reviews on here about this Hotel but I thought I would judge for myself the man on the reception desk wa ok and he let us check in at !pm instead of 2 as stated when we got into our room after being shown the way a man who I felt was a bit dodgy we found that the curtains were hanging off the rail which was put right by the time we went to bed, we went to the concert but kept al our valuables with us I didn't feel over confident with this hotel the room was clean and the onsuite was nice and clean but had no toiletries or toilet brush we didn't have breakfast in the hotel coz it didn't look very clean in the dining room…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or230-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",My 5th time staying here!!,"This was the 5th time I stayed here, so thats saying something! The perfect location thats close to the tube and railways plays in. I've always gotten a clean room with comfortable beds!! (considering the bed standards everywhere in the UK are extremly low! Ever heard of a matress pad on top??) I've been greeted by nice staff and never left disappointed!  Unfortunately no free Wifi... A bit pricey but thats London.  Overall really recommended, I'll stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or230-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",THE WORST HOTEL OF MY LIFE,"Stuff gets stolen in there, the people are mean and the neighborhood is unsafe. Rooms are mediocre and there is no free WiFi. The breakfast is disgusting and I'm being nice. Don't go! Save yourselves!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or230-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grumpy staff,"While the room was ok and the location pretty awesome, staff at reception was rather grumpy. The lift is a bit outdated and did not go to our floor. Otherwise the hotel was ok for its price and for one weekend in London.       ",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or230-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst I've stayed in in this area,"Oh dear! I've stayed in many hotels in this area and this one was certainly the worst. For the price (over 100 pounds per night even with booking app discount) it was outrageous. Proximity to Paddington station was a plus as was the very small balcony - unlike other reviewers I didn't find it too noisy and it was at least clean.  However everything else was pretty poor and shabby, a hostel with private rooms would be the standard I would be thinking of. Strange reception area, not very informative staff, a bizarre tiny lobby where other guests huddle because this seems to be the only place the wifi can be accessed, a rickety lift and tiny room with two narrow beds just about better than camp beds.  All in all it gave the impression of not being well cared for and that it would…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or230-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",TAKE EAR PLUGS!!!!!,"This is the first time I have booked a hotel in the spur of the moment and will NEVER do that again! after booking this hotel I read the reviews and felt sick and wanted to cancel, but my partner said lets just use it as a base,after all it was only two nights, so I reluctantly agreed. Yes it's just across the road from Paddington station and a short walk to Hyde park, all very handy, the hotel entrance wasn't vey pleasing,very scruffy with 3 Iranian men blocking the door just ""hanging around smoking"" although werepolite and moved when we asked them to move out of the way. Inside looks like a run down taxi rank, you can hardly see the guy at the reception, although quiet. He was polite, we were on the second floor,the communal carpets need replacing or a damn good clean, there…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or235-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD HOTEL,"When I booked this hotel, I was very scared. I read more reviews about this hotel and after my travel I can't understand. My room was perfect and the bathroom as well. The  people in the reception were very strange and the lift is very tight but in the end the hotel is very nice, in the middle of London and very close to tube",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or235-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Take your sleeping bag if you're seriously staying here,"I stayed at this hotel with colleagues whilst attending an event in London. This hotel had been booked for us in advance, however as soon as we arrived we tried to find alternative accommodation.   The whole place has a 'doesn't care' feel which reaches every cm of the hotel - the maintenance of the rooms was poor. The bathroom although recently refurbished was so small that you could hardly sit on the loo. There was no hot water whenever I tried to shower (evening and morning). There were cockroaches seen scuttling through the bathrooms. The view from the bedroom window was dismal.   I thought at least I'd get into the bed, which looked fairly inviting, until I drew back the sheets and saw hairs (which weren't mine!). I slept on top of the sheets with my suit carrier as a…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or235-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Probably the worst place I have stayed in many years,"My room was disgusting -- there was food garbage in it when I arrived (milk, banana peel), and it did not smell good after a warm day. The bed had been made, but I do not think the sheets had been changed. Same for the towels. It is not worth the price to stay here. The surly guy at reception was not helpful. There is not actually wifi (just in the so-called lobby, for a fee, when it works). There are many hotels for the same price or less near Paddington, so if you really want to stay near the station for some reason of convenience for travel, I would not stay here.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or235-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Well positioned, but pricey","Despite the poor reviews, I had a pleasant enough 4-night stay here in Room 100, which is on the 1st floor overlookng the main road.  Although I believe there is some sort of bar / restaurant, I didn't use it so can't make any sensible comment.  The front of house staff were certainly quiet, but in no way unpleasant, and I had no need to complain or ask for extra assistance as my room was fine, the bed comfy and bathroom quite adequate (with a bathtub, which is quite rare for such hotels in my experience).  Nice restaurant next door, called ""Il Gusto"", though be warned that the condiment pots on the tables are all salt!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or235-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",5 min walk to the biggest underground and train transfer hub,"Actually it's located in a good place since not far from the Hyde Park and very close to the biggest tube & train transfer hub - Paddington. If you've come from Luton airport be aware of getting off the bus in Marble Arch and taking either a taxi directly to the hotel or the underground to Lancaster Gate (the same line) or, it would be much better, to Paddington (with changing in Notting Hill Gate).  The hotel is a 5 min walk from the Paddington underground station that has two direct line (Circle & District) to the city center, Tower Hill, Tower Bridge and other main attractions. Paddington also has a direct train service to Windsor & Eton.  The hotel facade is very nice but it cannot be said about the interior. The guy working that night was very hospitable and kindly provided…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or240-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't feel safe to stay there,"I stayed in Ascot Hyde Park hotel in 2011, there was renovation on my floor, very noisy. The door doesn't close well, it is very hard to open the door using my key. The manager speaks poor English, not helpful at all.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or240-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont listen to the trolls,"this place is great value for money and although it looks a bit spooky on the outside its very nice and clean on the inside. The manager is so lovely and was able to give our stay that extra touch, the room could be updated but was clean and the location was excellent, however the breakfast could do with more beans.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or240-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE, NOT RECOMMENDED!","Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel and experienced several problems. First of all we booked a double room to be given a triple room, second and by far the worst experience is being woken up at 8 in the morning to a loud banging noise that lasted constantly for 2 hours. We tried to sleep but due to the loud noise we ended up staying awake, I don't understand why you would do maintenance or what not at that time knowing that your guests would still be sleeping, I find that very inconsiderate and disrespectful. The third issue was the fact that the noise didn't stop despite someone complaining and a person tried to walk into to our room in the morning when we double locked the place. I strongly don't recommend the hotel, they don't care about customer service or even value…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or240-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Although the room and bathroom was kept clean and the beds were ok the rest of the hotel was in dire need of updating. The ""dining room"" was in the basement and looked like a back packers kitchen. Needless to say we will not be going back! ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or240-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"If your aim for your stay is to make a wig, then this is the place for you. I couldn't count the amount of hairs we found on inspection of our room. In the bed, pillows, floor, toilet seat, TOILET PAPER?! shower...even when they cleaned our room each day there were still hairs everywhere. I took the bath mat towel and put it on the floor, only to find what looked like a small cockroach but was probably a bed bug or dust mite. Our other towels had hairs and a green substance on it. Our booking included a free breakfast but when we went down to have it, they turned us away and asked for a £5 charge for some cereal and juice. The only thing good about this hotel was the modern interior and the short walk to Paddington station and underground. I really would not recommend this…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or245-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",OK for one night in a central location,"This place is cheap, clean, centrally located and just 3 mins walk from tube. But, cold room with luke warm water for shower and sink. There were tea and coffee making facilities but no spoons!!. Also no bin in room for rubbish. Bed sheets were clean, but the bed throws were dirty.   I heard noise from the lift which disturbed my sleep. It was cheap though so you can't expect all the comforts of a 4* hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or245-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel not hotel,"I am in this hostel while writing this review, as the hostel is directly above the underground and if you are unfortunate to be given a room on the first floor you will feel and hear every train that passes through. The reception staff upon our arrival looked as though they wanted to be elsewhere, so not very inviting. The entrance area had a very unpleasant aroma also. Room 100 is in need of an upgrade,  the bathroom is very outdated and there is only one socket for customer use!  There is tea and coffee making facilities, however there are no spoons! Room 109 is larger and has a more modern bathroom, but the noise from the underground is still an issue. I have stayed in better and cleaner hostels than this hotel. If you just want a cheap place to put your head for one night,…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or245-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fair ,"Our room was very spacious for London, the bathroom was new and clean. The bed was comfortable and location is very good, very close to underground stations. Breakfast was not so good, but there were several restaurants in the area. Overall was a good stay.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or245-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible and a disaster,"I prefer to sleep under a bridge that sleeping at this dirty hotel,dirty bed linen,dirty pillow, dirty bedspread. When I asked them to change it they brought me the sheets and I had to do it myself. See you soon, sorry, see you never.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or245-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable,"I stayed here for one night, it's very close to paddington station, for the price I paid I was fine with it. It was very clean - maybe a bit too clean as the room did smell of bleach. The room was small and had a very small bathroom however it was newly refurbished and in perfect working condition. The beds were relatively comfortable. It's nothing snazzy at all but for a one night stay I would stay here again as I didn't spell a lot of time there anyway.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or250-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD HOTEL,"I satayed in newly refurbished room and i been advised that all the room are refurbished now,the hotel is very close to Paddington Station,the are is really safe,Staff is very helpful and polite.Price is very reasonable",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or250-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",dont stay there!,"be sure that your room is the main building and not in the secondary, which is terrible and dirty! also in the wed sity said about baggage storage, but doe not clarify that it is free only for chech in and not check out when you have to pay fot this facility.  rude staff!",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or250-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I guess you get what you paid for..,"Came here for 5 nights because it's the cheapest in the area that's not a hostel. You get your own and room and they are cleaned everyday with your own washroom.   The worst part I think is the very unwelcoming man that sits at the front desk quite bad and no manners or enthusiasm to do anything. I had one room go outside and I lived on top of the pizza place next door, I guess that's cool always wanted to live on top of a pizza place..   To sum up I didn't have many problems with the rooms they just kinda showed what you paid. The biggest problem is the crabby fat man in front haha good luck. ",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or250-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",well priced but very very basic hotel,I have choosen this hotel hotel because it was the only reasonably prices one near paddington station. it is just a very short walk to the train station. it has a very little lobby which was packed with young people. like a backpacker place. the rooms where unexpectatly clean and relayively spacious. there has been 4 beds in a single bed room. I used 2 of them as storage for suitcase etc..the washrooms where freshly renovated. the hotel is ok if you are a backpacker or if you just need some hours sleep,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or250-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","HOSTEL, not hotel","If this were a HOSTEL(backpacker's accommodation), it would be 4 Stars. For £5 above what hostels in the area charged for a dormitory, you get your own room with enquire bathroom in an awesome location.  However, the fact that Ascot could be classified or rated as a hotel(instead of a HOSTEL) says much about the management(and perhaps how London governs its hotels and/or how TripAdvisor classifies them too. The rooms are shabby, noisy and dingy. I don't have to go into details about how bad the rooms are; Just read the other reviews. The only thing I want to add is that I was given a room next to the lift well and I spent the entire night listening to the sound of the lift.  So if you are considering this as an alternative to a hostel, then it is perfect. But if you are looking…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or255-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Poor Hotel.","We stayed here from 31st December until 2nd January, the location is great and easy to find from Paddington Station with all of the restaurants and supermarkets you can think of on the same road. Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly man who was very sociable and easy to get along with, he checked us in and told us about the breakfast deals, WiFi etc, and told us how to get to our room situated on the first floor. One thing that stood out about the hotel was the lack of English language spoken by all of the staff apart from one, making it very hard to communicate, when we asked a member of staff where our room was he sent us back downstairs and showed us where to check out. As you walk through the hotel you feel like you're in more of a hostel or block of council flats…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or255-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I guess you get what you pay for?,"Stayed here one night. Was greeted by a very unwelcoming man at the reception. The hallway itself was messy and quite a maze. It was quite confusing getting around to find your room. However, when I got to the room, I was impressed by how tidy and clean it was - and the single room had three beds. On my way out I contemplated on getting breakfast, but on second thoughts - I decided to go elsewhere...  It's okay for £30 a night, so I will give this one more star than I should. Still - scary unwelcoming man is scary.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or255-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean , budget hotel!","Stayed for one night Saturday 13th December. Easy to find from the station, in the middle of plenty of restaurants. The guys on the reception were not welcoming at all - hardly looked at us when speaking. We were taken outside the main building and to a side too with too many narrow steps to climb. Room itself was small, clean and modern but NO duvet at all?! What hotel do you stay in in the Uk with no duvet or thick sheets?! Needless to say I was freezing and didn't sleep all night. There are some blankets which were covered in hairs which clearly hadn't been cleaned -yuk! TV did not work and when asking reception to come and have a look they did not seem interested and never did fix it!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or255-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for money,I paid £35 for a single room with en suite. Have to say i am impressed with quality and cleanliness as couldn't fault it.   Location is excellent as literally a minutes walk to paddington station.  Thanks very much and would book again although would not pay more than £35 per night.  ,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or255-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for!,"I was there 2 nights, on my own, and was given a room with THREE beds to chose from, lovely view of the mews at the back. I had already had a good look on here, so knew what to expect, but I wanted cheap, and a good location. It is perfect for the buses, tube, and Paddington, breakfast was good, the room was clean - a few blobs of paint here and there, but I've stayed at the Guoman Tower hotel quite a few times, and believe me, their bathrooms need a make-over. My bathroom was lovely, the bed was realy comfotable, and the staff on recetion was friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay there again next time I am up there.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or260-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and quiet for when on a budget,"I was solo and was given room 205, which fortunately was facing the charming mews behind the hotel.  I found a desperately small room, but with clean and refurbished bathroom.  In the room there was a folder offering breakfast, lunch andd dinner.  However I did't go for any so couldn't judge.  I had 3 very quiet nights, right in the hub of the city.  For the price and location: yes.  For any room not facing the back: no, not for me, thank you.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or260-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Very clean, comfortable and warm in a great location and value for money!",I really don't know why this hotel has had any bad reviews because on my stay there of five nights I found it to be very clean and comfortable and in a great location. Well worth a visit if you want to be in a convenient part of London.  The staff are very helpful too!!,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or260-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid unless desperate!,"I stayed here for one night from Monday 3rd to Tuesday 4th November 2014. The hotel is well located, being less than a five-minute walk from Paddington station. The hotel is open 24hr with an all night reception.  I have to mark this down as one of my worst hotel experiences; to be honest the cheap price (£35) should have been a giveaway on the ‘quality’ I should have expected. The hotel had more of a hostel feel to it with large groups of European tourists milling about in the very small lobby area and smoking right outside the front door. The tiny lift was also rendered nearly unusable because no-matter what time of day I tried to use it, it was always full! The guy on reception was pleasant but offered no warm welcome or desire to do any more than take my money and dish out a…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or260-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again way too much money for what it is.,Considering paying £135 for double was very disappointed. Would have paid £50 most. Room very basic bed looked like camp bed. En suite so small. Will say very clean though . Just been painted could smell it. Didnt have breakfast couldnt find house keeper. Wasnt organised. Difficult to find room like maze small corriders and stairs. Staff wasnt helpful quite rude actually.,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or260-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nov 2014,The room was tired but the bed linen was clean and I had a kettle to make a hot drink.  It was fine for the rate I had managed to get it via budgetplaces but If I had paid full price I would have been disappointed.                      ,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or265-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"Do not stay here ever! I started searching for a new hotel the second I walked into the room. 190 Euros a night ??? Even though the money for the room was not refundable I left..... Imagine putting a bathtub on a piece of dirty ground, then putting up four walls and calling it a bathroom. That is what the bathroom was like, and they did not even bother to cover in the filthy ground around the tub. What a rat's nest. There were always strange people lurking in the hallways. I did not even feel secure enough to use the room safe, I felt safer walking around London with two pockets full of money. Filthy, noisy, smelly,moldy, old....and those are the compliments!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or265-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's okay for budget price,"Stayed one night in a room that could have slept 4 , but was on my own so room was a good size.tv ok. On 5 the floor, lift only goes up 4 floors, and can only fit 4 very thin people. Window was filthy. Room very hot, and if you opened the window it was too noisy with air con. Bathroom very good. No shampoo, only one blanket per bed, but room so hot you didn't need it. Two minute walk from paddington, with shops and restaurants on same street, which is a plus for me. Didn't have breakfast. Guy on reception not the most welcoming. No wifi unless you pay. Fairly quiet  On plus side it's cheap, central, easy to find  and ok for one night,",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or265-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs!!!,"As a group of 4, we stayed in flat 1 which was actually down the street with a seperate entrance door. We were not expecting much as had seen the previous trip advisor reviews but were not too bothered about having a very basic room for a night. The flat (kitchenette, 1 double room, 1 twin rom and a bathroom) yes was basic and grubby, the windows didn't close properly let alone lock and it was boiling hot, which was fine, but the following morning 2 members of group were absolutely covered in bites. Clearly a bed bug issue which needs actioning ASAP. Disgusting. Not at all worth the very low cost.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or265-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute shocker,"Firstly, it's not in Hyde Park, it's in Paddington - not that there is anything wrong with Paddington per se, but the two in Hotel terms offer a distinctly different package for accommodation. In my three days there, we were not greeted, let alone welcomed by any member of staff. The public spaces from the time of entry into this ""Hotel"" were appalling, dirty and very old with carpet and paint peeling everywhere. Every floorboard in the floor we stayed on creaked and the air had a distinctly musty smell. The room was adequate, but leaked badly from the rain. There were no amenities. There was no chair in the room although there was a dedicated space for 'getting ready'. The cupboard had no door or shelves, they had been damaged or removed. The bed was like an old military bed,…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or265-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It does the job,Judging by the reviews so far on this hotel I expected to enter a 1940's US style seedy Motel that you see on Hollywood films complete with trains going past the windows and chalk outline of murder victims dotted around the establishment. Fortunately this is not the case (or not in the reception and 1st floor anyway).   First of all for £50 a night I hope people do not expect the style of the Ritz or the elegance of the Savoy? This is a hotel that does the job by offering clean rooms with reasonably comfortable beds in a very good location. The guy on reception also seemed very nice especially as we did not check in till 11pm - although he did not appear fluent in English he still smiled and able to provide the information we needed.   We stayed here after a night at the Comedy…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or270-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ascot Hyde park hotel,Overall excellent hotel within walking distance of paddington station plus excellent restaurants nearby. Clean establisement friendly staff everything you need in the room for a comfortable stay. I would high recommend this hotel and will be staying there again.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or270-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Basic hotel, only if you have too...","The place is so basic you can hardly call it HOTEL. I ordered room for 3 for 7 nights. The room we got could hardly be enough for 2, there was no place to move. The bad's were rickety and dangerous. The bathroom had no curtain and all the room was like a lake after taking a shower. The lift was so slow we had to use the stairs many times. The Tube line go's under the hotel and the noise is unbearable.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or270-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",terrible hotel,"This not so much of a hotel as a squat. We arrived on friday 12th sept 2014 for a 2 night stay to go to the proms in the park. We were allocated room 501 on the fifth floor, the lift only went to to the forth floor so had to lug the casses up two flights of stairs. Our room was small and cramped, the bath room-shower was so small i had to get to the handbasin sideways and the gap between the toilet to the handbasin was 8"". Our room was above the lift shaft so every time the lift was used we heard the clunk of it as it stopped and started, not good as it was used throughout the night. The building itself is in need of some much needed redeccoration, i dont think it has seen any for a number of years, the staff was not interested in anything that was said even to the point of…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or270-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely apalling! DO NOT STAY HERE,You WILL be woken up every morning by the cleaning staff standing at the base of your bed asking whether or not you are checking out today. Upon reporting this to reception the FIRST time it happened to me I was told that I was the rude one for not giving the cleaning staff a straight answer. (I refused to cooperate as I do not believe anyone has the right to walk into your room whilst sleeping just to ask if you're checking out. The rooms werent amazing. The bathroom light didnt work. The hot water was off. The controller to the tv remote didnt have batteries. The milk and coffee facilites were expired and the room stank of marijuana when we checked in. In all I would say completely avoid unless you have money to waste and wish to have a terrible time.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or270-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff !!!!heartless and don't care about the costumer,I had the misfortune recently to book the ascot hotel I arrived at the hotel last Thursday the 28th August I arrived to the hotel every thing was fine the room was clean and new I stay there 3 nights no problem until the fourth night I had booked a double room for me and my friend for 3 night and I decided to stay a 4th night it was 40 pounds I payed it thinking I had a booking for 2 people this was not the case the receptionist stopped  my friend to enter  and treated him like s**t the man was so ignorant and rude and heartless it was unreal and argument then took place between me and the man he then said to me the customer after paying over 270 pounds for the room to get out we has to spend the night sleeping at the train station my advice is never stay at this hotel the…,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or275-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Warning!!!!,"Bed bugs ALL over the place. And the receptionists do not care! Stay away from this socalled ""hotel"". It is not even cheap only very bad We found at least 20 bedbugs -. our children was literally over biten and one of them had an allergic reaction.  The pictures on the homepage do not show you how bad the rooms are.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or275-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DISGRACEFUL,Booking.com shld be advised! This hotel shld be avoided. Disgusting rooms!! Paid over 1100 fir triple room for 3 days and ended up with two rooms! Both foul in a 2 level shabby run dwn building ! My room reeked of cigarettes from building abd after compkainibg to desk surperviser ! nothing done ! Front reception absolutely filthy n rude staff ! One person asleep on chair behind desk ! The other sneezed m coughed everywhere ! Just absolutely filthy staff ! Every day had to ask rooms to be cleaned as bathroom n toilet not cleaned ! No clean sheets either ! No soap or complimentary shower products ! Kettle had to be filled in shower as wouldn't fit under water tap ! Toilet seat kept coming loose and moved everytime tried to sit on!  My two grown children also appalled at this…,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or275-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DEATH TRAP... KEEP OUT,"i stayed at this hotel in March 2011. do not go of the photos from there web site. the hotel is dirty, and unsafe. after booking in, i got into the shower, within ten seconds four tiles fell from the wall and in bedded my foot. the hotel staff, are not from this planet. there is  no first aid kit,the staff were not even interested that my leg was bleeding, not even a sorry. this thing must happen so often it must be second nature to them.  we were moved to a second room. the tiles did not come off this time, but i was electrocuted from the socket as i plunged in the kettle. i spent two months in hospital, two operations, and the hotel refused to give me a refund as in there eyes, i did not have a good enough reason to have one.... Take it from me. this hotel is not worth staying…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or275-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible place, bad staff.",The staff is really bad. They dont know how to deal with customers. They're not friendly and also try to charge me for things included in the price like Wifi. They wanted me to pay some services twice.,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or275-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fresh modern and clean room - great stay!,"Just stayed over for work/business, as had a very early start nearby. The room was modern, looked recently refurbished. Wood laminate furniture, clean and well presented bed. En-suite not as new, but clean. Can't understand the other reviews being so poor. I thought I maybe got lucky!  Roman on the front desk was excellent, friendly and courteous, and showed me to my room which was in an annexe.  Only negatives were only: one of the blankets stored in the wardrobe was stained, as was a towel - it was not dirty, but the stains had not washed out. Lastly not much toilet roll left.   Otherwise I was pleasantly surprised. This is not a Premier Inn, so I did not expect the best, but my room had a juliet balcony with large opening doors in this hot summer weather and was a modern…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or280-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",great if you want somewhere to sleep.,"We booked this place as it was one of the cheapest we could find and we were going to a big event in London. We were worried after reading some of the reviews. However we were pleasantly surprised.  The check in wasn't the friendliest but we went to our room, which was on the top floor, the lift isn't brilliant and wont carry lots of luggage so beware of that. once we got to our room though we was really pleased, it was clean and well equipped we had a double and a single bed, towels and soap and shampoo were provided.  We didn't eat breakfast here so cant comment but there's a fantastic cafe next door that sells a fantastic breakfast for a fiver. If you want luxury don't bother but if you want somewhere for a night close to the train station, this should be ideal.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or280-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and convenient,"This hotel has a perfect location in Paddington. It is on the same block as the District/Circle line Paddington tube stop. The Hammersmith&City tube stop is about 3 blocks away. The room was the size of a shoebox. The bathroom was very clean and shower was great. There was no AC, and the front desk personnel sucked. It's cheap and great for budget travelers. If you're looking for American standards of a 3-star hotel, don't stay here. ",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or280-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap bargain,"Only booked this hotel as we visited London for the night as last train was at a 10pm, Got it through hotels.com and was only £38 so we did not expect much. Checking in was quick and easy and we had a room on the top floor, room was very basic and looked well used, but was clean, everything in the room worked tv, hair dyer, lights and shower (not very powerful though). Bed was adequate and done the job and was clean. Would only recommend this hotel if you need a place to crash for the night and not fussy. Basic and seen better days, but done the job",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or280-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"Rude staff and dirty rooms. We asked for an extra pillow and hairdryer but never got them. There was no blanket, we had to use the disgusting bedspread. Toiletpaper also run out so we had to ask more. Toilet was dirty and didn't work properly. Luggage storage also costs extra and also the wifi. We have been in the cheap hotels before, but they are always somewhat decent. Ascot hyde park was awful and i recommend to go someplace else.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or280-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid this so called ""hotel""","This is not a hotel, and the name ""Ascot"", which usually are attached to quality hotels, should be removed immediately!! Extremely narrow staircase, several flights, but the staff offered no help whatsoever, to help us up with our luggage. Ignorant staff, horrible bathroom, dirty floors and walls. We were in the side building, in ""Flat 1"". Size of rooms were ok, but with ridiculously many doors crashing into each other. And not even a single piece of utensils. And the lack of everything in the bedrooms, made it feel more like a holding cell in prison than a hotel room. Didn't try the breakfast, as we thought it not worth 5 pounds each in a place like this. And the traffic his never dies in Craven road, and the windows were impossible to close properly, sleep was short an erratic.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or285-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A disgusting sewer of third world standard,"As bad a ""hotel"" as you'll see.I booked a twin room,they wanted to give us a double bed.None of the facilities are there that they mention online or in their brochure. Staff were rude and horrible. There was no lift.We were up seven flights of stairs.There was no toilet roll,the room was dirty.There was no wardrobe.There were two hand towels to shower with.Tea making facility was solely a broken cup. Avoid like the plague.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or285-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wish i had read reviews.,"No rating for this place, what we viewed online and paid for (regardless how expensive or cheap) in principle,it was not what we received...What was offered online was not what was available (no hair dryer.!! no Iron.!!) did request an iron, think they had to go and borrow one from elsewhere as it took so long we gave up time was against us..gave them over 30 mins. Even so it was just an iron..no ironing board (no place in the room to iron on floor or elsewhere.!! outfit for our planned night out could not be worn ).. The smell of lemon furniture polish was over whelming. SECURITY does not excist...windows did not lock (no handles) on request one was drilled with a screw to close..other was left open after we left room by the maid..I always read reviews..unfortunately this place…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or285-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",This is what happened to me,"I checked in 1:30 pm, July 3, 2014. Fortunately I had left my best luggage at the left luggage room at platform 12 at Paddington Station. I emptied my sachel of my un-necessaries for the day. I kept with me my passporst, my wallet, my camera, my map of London. What I had left in my room was my change of clothes, my pajamas (made for me by my 87 year old mother) a book (James Henry Breasted, very rare), my toileties, and my medicines (some perscription, some not).   When I returned for an early evening of sleep, when I opened the door to my room with my key. the clothing of two other women was in there, and everything that I had owned was gone. They had not only stolen everthing that I had left in that room but they had then given that room to two others. When I asked them to…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or285-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hyde farce! ,Stayed here for 1 night with my partner and family member whilst attending a festival in Hyde park. They tried to take card payment before arrival and sent us into a panic then upon arrival they want to charge you 3% if you do pay by card! Bit strange to me considering the overpriced room! There is an ATM just over the road though but after walking to find your hotel it's not ideal.   We checked in early which was great but you entered the room wondering whether the maid had been in there. The room was run down and had clearly been painted either in the dark or by the visually impaired! There were hairs and marks on the bedding and one pillow provided per person (a pet hate). It would be fine if you could ask for another pillow but with the 'friendly' staff you were not sure if…,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or285-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",stay away!,"What a dump! We stayed in a ""family"" room to see 1D. We opened the curtains to check out our view and the curtain rails were too short for the window so they fell off (they were too small anyway). One of the mugs provided had a ""penis"" on it which was very inappropriate for a family room. There was a very large dubious  brown stain on the wall which I am sure could have been removed if the cleaners ever went in the room? Oh yes the cleaner did come to the room! She walked into our room at 08.55 when we were due to check out at 11. I demanded she left straight away and she did only to strike up a loud conversation with another lazy member of staff directly outside our door.    The sheets seemed clean but the doll size brown over blanket was disguarded immediately! We did not have…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or290-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Looks a bit iffy at the front, but clean and quiet","Needed to find new place to stay as other hotel was terrible. Lift in hotel so no dragging cases upstairs. Staff pleasant enough, room was very clean, but no fridge for milk or drinks. Bed comfy and our room faced a quiet off road area so very little traffic noise.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or290-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ascot online booking ripoff,"I booked the Ascot Hyde Park via Booking.com. Booking was cancellable up to 24hrs in advance. I had to change plans and cancelled the booking 3 weeks out, only to discover that they had already charged my credit card the GBP75 cancellation fee a week earlier!  When I contacted them they initially denied making the charge and when I sent them my credit card statement they refused to reply to any further emails. I have not received a refund.  DO NOT BOOK OR STAY WITH THIS HOTEL. THEY ARE DISHONEST. YOU MAY BE RIPPED OFF.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or290-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","MISLEADING!UNA VERA TRUFFA, ATTENZIONE!","I don't wish anybody to spend not even one night there! The photos on the web site looked nothing like the hotel itself!!!  - the breakfast didn't exist  -wifi costs 6 pounds, and in my room it didn't work  -i asked for an hairdryer, the receptionist answered to me ""I ll give it to you tomorrow morning""  - I tried to have a shower but water was cold!!!!!   -the floor was really dirty. Hair and dust  ... And to finish : CONDOMS IN THE CHEST OF DRAWS  It is really disgusting.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or290-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shoddy at best!!,"Stayed here for one night.. that was enough!  Reception staff too busy with personal phone call to check me in on arrival, kept me waiting several minutes. Tiny lift, no good if you are a couple with more than one suitcase, and very slow.  Now to the room.. wardrobes falling apart with bare screws coming through shelves, bad damp patches on walls, dirt, or something similar, smeared on walls that just required wiping down to remove and holes in the walls in several places. Having said that, the beds were quite comfy with clean linen and the shower room/toilet was in good clean order. This was a welcome relief as the room made me feel quite grubby. Can't comment on the food as we ate elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or290-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Okay, did I luck out? It was fine","I stayed here just for one night. I had an early morning flight and wanted to be near Paddington Station. From reading the other reviews, I crossed my fingers, and decided I could put up with anything for one night that offered me the high level of convenience I needed at a good price.   Although I only needed a single, I was given a room with four beds. Works out that way sometimes. It was newly remodeled, very clean, and while the bed was reasonably comfortable, not sure I want it for a week. The bath was spotless.  In the end, not too bad, better than expected.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or295-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Superb value,"You probably won't find better value for money in central London. Good location and very friendly and accommodating staff. I was a bit worried, having read some pretty awful reviews here and especially travelling alone, but the friendly receptionist made sure I was happy with my room - he even gave me a choice between 2 different rooms, and a double although I'd only booked a single room. OK, the corridors weren't the cleanest I've seen, and the ceiling in the bathroom was peeling a bit, but apart from that, which is really minor considering the price, I can not fault this hotel on value for money. The room was a good size, had everything you need for a short stay such as TV, hair dryer and good size wardrobe, the bed was ok, clean sheets and towels. The bathroom had recently…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or295-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, great location ","We stayed two nights and found it perfect value for money in a great location. The reception were very friendly, we didn't have UK travel adapters and they lent them to us free of charge. Rooms were very clean, close to a bus stop, and less than 5 minutes walk from paddington station.  The only downside was, we paid for wifi and it didn't work. But we were refunded no problems ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or295-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE! Do NOT stay here,"DO NOT STAY HERE! This hotel is terrible - myself and my brother stayed in the hotel for 3 days while in London and it was pathetic, here's a list why that you MUST READ: The rooms are very dirty The vibrations from trains passing are very annoying and occur a few times every hour  They were constantly doing construction work in the room next to ours - we could barely sleep WORST OF ALL: THEY REMOVED OUR DOOR while we were out. The door was literally taken away, leaving the room open to anyone who walked by. There was not even anyone there looking after the room.  Thank god no one took our passports and laptops which were on display. What's worse is that we went to complain and the staff had conveniently left  'disappeared'. All that were there were cleaners. PATHETIC.  Builders…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or295-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Place to compensate for a lot of,"Close to Paddington Tube station, offering easy access to move. Votes were through the walls of the corridor and the neighboring rooms. The room was a little cramped and suitcases, there was no decrease in space. Restaurant, where breakfast was enjoyed was simple, but stormed the music too loud. Breakfast was adequate and varied. All in all, the place was clean and the staff helpful. Nevertheless, the very decent place.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or295-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not perfect, but surprisingly not terrible","We ended up at this hotel after another big-name hotel sold our room because we were late arriving due to mechanical issues on the train.  I was very frightened by the appearance of the lobby, but at after midnight and wandering London with several suitcases, we were desperate.  Our room was quoted at 60 pounds, so I figured we were in for an adventure.  The elevator was a sight to behold.  We could barely fit two of us in, with our luggage!  The hallways were very dirty, with flooring and parts of the walls lying broken on the floor.  Our room, though, was a pleasant surprise.  Decently clean, and not what I expected for décor.  I was picturing something like the movie Nat’l Lampoons European Vacation-not at all.  It was ok.  The bathroom was very modern and clean (and…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or300-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I'm just glad we made it out alive,"We needed a last minute hotel in London and found this for £125 for 2 nights so booked it... Wow I've never been anywhere so bad. Staff were so unfriendly. As 2 young girls we did not feel safe staying there we kept the bathroom door open which blocked off out beds and the main door as we felt that unsafe. We were kept awake by the wooing sound of the lift all night! For the price I wasn't expecting much but this was something else there was only one plug socket in the room and no tv remote, we had sheets and blankets from the 1970s and felt that the McDonald's down the road was more hospitable!",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or300-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"My wife and I chose to stay in the Ascot Hyde Park purely on cost as it was some £150 cheaper for our three night stay than our usual London hotel. On a short city break you don't spend much time in the room so all we were looking for was a clean comfortable bed and clean private toilet. We were not disappointed. Our room, though on the small side, was more than adequate. The bed was comfortable, the the toilet was spotless and the shower was large and efficient. The decoration of the room and the bedroom furniture was rather tired and ought to be renewed but it was clean so nothing serious to worry about there. The welcome was warm and friendly, the TV reception on all free view channels was good, the provision of tea, coffee and milk in room was very generous.  On the one day…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or300-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Night like in train,"I have to say that only advantage was price. We got this for £40 on booking.com Hotel looks very ugly. Room was not nice, windows were very weak. We missed chair for table. Hotel was shaking every few minutes. I think that this is due close Paddington train station and Heathrow express.  Street was very noise and we could hear everything from another rooms. Elevator was very slow. I think slowest in world :) I think that next time I will chose different hotel. I would recommend to visit this hotel only if you get good rate and you couldn’t find anything else.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or300-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a disgrace !!,"We stayed here overnight due to working in the area. I've never slept anywhere like it. They did not even have proper beds they where camp beds, we could wipe our hand through the dust on the units. To get to our rooms we had to go outside the hotel walk further up road through a door & up 4 floors. Should not even be a 2* rating absolute disgrace to top it all some rooms not ours must not of had toilets we walk upstairs to our rooms to see a lady sat on the communal toilet with the door open :s avoid at all costs £65 for our room which we booked a double got a twin and £45 single for our work colleagues room & that doesn't include breakfast awful !! ",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or300-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs,"If you want to avoid having bed bugs, then avoid this hotel. Location is great but that's all.   i checked this hotel last Thursday on my phone as I was looking for a hotel for 3 nights. I was around Paddington area, so the search on the internet said 3 nights for £138 all but when I arrived to the reception they said £180 for the 3 nights as I never booked, so it seems the price changed after only 5 minutes.  On our second day and during the afternoon my girlfriend starts suffering the symptoms of bed bugs and the pharmacy close to the hotel give us some medication. On the way back to the hotel we ask to change our bed linen which they said they would do but they never did.   On our third day and with the same bed linen from the previous night we took a bit longer to check out.…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or305-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"After classically booking the hotel, then reading the reviews I was very concerned. However, our stay was very good. The staff were polite and our room was newly refurbished. It was a short stay in London for us so the location was key, right next door to Paddington. It looks like a lot of effort has been done to make the hotel better after the bad reviews.  I would recommend to others for a short term stay and for the price you pay in central London, it was not bad at all! Our expectations were low but we were overall pleasantly surprised! If you complain about the noise you probably have not experienced living in London - noise is to be expected, it's a realistic expectation for it to be noisy where-ever you stay central and especially if the tube line directly under your…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or305-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking,"I booked this last minute, got ripped off by the budget places site (beware) but when i got to the hotel I told them about the website and instead of giving me the single en-suite room I had booked they gave me an executive double.  I found the guy on reception really amenable (I stay at this hotel quite often when the price is right).  Bedding clean, could do with a glass in the room, if only plastic disposable.  So as far as the hotel goes - no real complaints.  I had to leave early so cannot comment on breakfast.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or305-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Bus Stop up the road seemed more welcoming..,"..and cleaner. I don't really write reviews but for this particular place it is justified purely for the benefit of others who are considering booking here. Contrary to the structure of formal review, I'm not going to go into great detail about the hotels misgivings but I will generalise a few points. The room itself, in all honesty, was pretty disgusting. Stains on the wall, appallingly decorated, one plug socket, the wardrobe apparently didn't come with doors, I think there were beds, either that or a large coffee table with a sheet over it and dust and dirt sporadically dotted around the room. I'm pretty sure the view from the room was a street that Jack the Ripper would gleefully prance about in.  On to the positives. I'm pretty sure Bill Oddie was in the corner observing …",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or305-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Public areas need a refresh but room was good,"After reading all the negative reviews I was really worried about what I had already booked.  However I can safely say I was pleasently suprised. While the public areas (reception, lift and corridors) could do with a complete refurbishment the room itself was recently refurbished and was clean and comfortable.  For the price and location I would recommend this as a cheap and comfortable place to stay if you are looking to spend the night in London on a budget.  ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or305-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",it was cheap....,"The hotel could do with an entire renovation. Couldn't sleep because of the noise of the elevator. there were stain over the walls. Screws sticking out of the floor. The blanket were not clean. We couldn't open the window but water was coming through. The window needed replacing as it was rotten.  positive: nice clean, bathroom . Good size bedroom. comfortable bed. good location.  in general you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or310-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother.,"I stayed here for one night and I wasn't too keen from the time I walked in the front door. There was loud renovations going on in the room next to me which didn't bother me too much as I was out during the day but I didn't think it was appropriate to have loud music cranking from the tradies stereo which would have travelled into all rooms on the floor. The cleaner barged into the room about 15 minutes after I checked in... Rooms are not sound proof.... No remote for TV... Went to fill up the kettle but it looked disgusting inside so I didn't bother. Wanted to leave my bags for a few hours on the day I checked out so I could go and do a few things - no luggage room (which was advertised), you just leave your bags unattended in the dining area for anyone to access..... The hotel…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or310-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Old, tired, filthy!","Nothing was good about this hotel except from the price. The elevator was old and scary. The fire safety very bad and outdated, it is surprising the hotel does not get shut down. And there doors into the rooms were not air- or soundproof. And it did not look like it had been cleaned or renovated since the year they opened.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or310-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dump close to Paddington Station,"Great location for Paddington Station, so good for early morning flights from Heathrow. The hotel itself is just bad. Corridor smelt like a dentist's surgery, my room smelt mouldy - couldn't open window and no ventilator.  Kettle didn't work. No remote for TV (ask at reception). No hot water for shower (had to wait 2 hours).   Advice bring a sleeping bag with you and don't use the lift it's a death trap. Paid 30 pounds so ok, usual price is not worth it.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or310-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced Dump!,"To start with ,the reception was a joke.Basil Fawlty would do better job than the jerk on the desk.He totally ignored me whilst he looked like he was playing cards on his computer. We had to pay for our stay up front, which we've never had to do before. We can see why: everyone would have walked out if they hadn't already paid! Finally we got to our room (by the stairs )because the lift was as slow as a snail.The stairs are a maze of corridors and fire traps and smelled of recently lit cigarettes,scarey yeh?They said breakfast was included but when we got down to the dungeon room the lady sent us up to Basil but he said that it was a mistake and we had to pay extra even though it said breakfast was included on my booking paper! I was glad we went up the road to a nice pub and…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or310-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",So impolite & rude owner & employee; never go there; for the price you can get a hotel not crap freezing room!,"I just was there last night 08/12/2013, the owner was so rude in answering any basic questions. Do not try it never ever :(((((((( the room is so cold because the heater is small and lucked and you can not increase the volume, rooms are so noisy because windows are not double-glazed next to a busy road :(((((",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or315-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I came here for a weekend away with my partner and I will not be going back. Our bed was just something that got pulled down from the wall and the window latch was broken. There was no duvet only bankets that did not seem clean and did not keep us warm. It was also extremely noisy  and the staff were unfriendly. It was an excellent location, just a shame nothing else was good.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or315-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",BUGS in the room!,On the wall we saw dark red smudges and than we saw small beetles on the ceiling – BUGS (Cimex)….receptionist gave our key of other room. But NO APOLOGIZE from him!! In other room were bugs too… but less…  Tv remote wasn´t there. The toilet brush wasn´t there…Hotel is near the underground station. Bathroom and room were clean.,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or315-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The bugs bite!!!!,I travel far & wide. Never before!!!! Cheers for the bed bug bites!!!! Applying ointment just before I'm writing this amazing review of this grotty establishment!!! Go to bed in a NASA suit if u want to stay safe!!! Don't look across the road when u leave this hotel. U will only have sad emotions looking at the glorious 5*star Hilton!!!! Makes my bed bug rashes say....if only!!!!,Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or315-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so good but expected,"When you leave your booking until its too late, that's when you should book into the ascot hyde park. With no other options for a private room in our budget, our decision was made for us! I was a little nervous turning up to this place having read a ton of bad reviews. Yes, the hotel was stale smelling and the lift slow, the corridors maze-like. Our room was small though with a view from the 5th level and windows could be opened to let fresh air in. Questionable electrical work, and to be honest I thought that if a fire broke out we probably would have died due to lack of a fire plan outlined on the back of the door (must be bad if every I noticed this!). Poked our head into the breakfast room at 9am and pretty much everything was gone, much better (and cheap) options up and…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or315-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience!,It was completely terrible experience there! The only pro the hotel has is close to subway station and the Hyde park. There are too many cons!!! The rooms are small and dirty. The staff is so mean! The hotel doesn't have free wifi and he sneered us when we asked! I will never go to that hotel again!!! Worst hotel ever in my whole life!!!,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or320-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised :),"Booked this hotel as it was centrally located and reasonably priced through another website.   I needn't have worried at all, yes it's a cheap hotel situated on a busy road with Paddington station and St Mary's hospital but transport links to London are fab and some of the sights of London including Norfolk Park are within walking distance.  The hotel itself is undergoing refurbishment, but our room, Quadruple room, was clean and comfortable, beds had new mattresses, bathroom was new and spotless and the beds were made and towels changed every day. All in all a great place to stay whilst spending a few days sightseeing. The staff were friendly and we had no problems at all",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or320-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",As expected having seen previous bad reviews...,"Having booked the hotel through another site I was really concerned to read the reviews here  about The Ascot, sadly too late to cancel without losing our money.  However as we expected it to be dreadful it wasn't a shock!  They are refurbishing so the stairwells are filthy and often difficult to negotiate with all the tools and cables lying around.  (H&S???)  Our room was ok, the bathroom looked new although ceiling unfinished and door tatty, the beds (new?) and bedsheets were clean, although we didn't use the pillows or duvets as they were not!  Nor did we use the tea/coffee making facilities as I was unconvinced that they were clean.  I had expected the staff to be rude and they were not.  The self service breakfast was basic but adequate.  Had I read the reviews before…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or320-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what we expected for the money,"Having read alot of reviews on here about The Ascot we were a little concerned about what we were going to get when we arrived. When we did arrive it was exactly what we thought, a small budget hotel in London. Ok so it was basic and admittedly it was dusty on the stairs (because of the builders). However our room was fine, the staff were fine and our nights sleep overall was fine apart from the ambulances now and again, which again were to be expected as we were right next to the hospital. I think to many people on here expect to much for not alot of money and if you want top notch you have to pay for it, simple.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or320-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!,By far the worst hotel Ive ever stayed in! On arrival found someone elses suitcases in our room! once this was sorted the view from the window was of a rusty old fire escape! Electrical sockets hanging off the wall and exposed cable on the iron they supplied made for a shocking experience!,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or320-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever experienced- more of a low class hostel,"Rude reception staff, our room looked like it was part way through a cheap redecoration and the staff hadn't even bothered to clean up after the builders- dusty floors, furniture bathroom etc and a strong smell of paint, building work going on outside the room all day which we hadn't been warned of- climbing over wood and tools in the corridor and masses of graffiti in the lift- wouldn't put my dog in here! Was more like a low end east European hostel than a hotel in the capital",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or325-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel - chicken shashlick in bathroom cabinet,Upon arriving in room 203 we were greeted with a horrendous stench that proved to be a half eaten chicken shashlick that had obviously been stewing in the bathroom cabinet for some time. This proved to be the first of a number of shocking discoveries that makes it hard to beleave this hotel is still in business. From the 3 Chinese workman building a door frame outside of our room to the toilet door handle that had been put in the wrong way so it could only be locked from the outide it is fair to say this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Do not go unless you like the smell spicey snack food while your on the toilet. Horrendous.,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or325-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad hotel,This hotel is not worth staying at. Cheap and not clean. In a nice part of London but not the best hotel for money in the area. Staff were nice. Pretty close walking distance to central shopping areas and Hyde park.,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or325-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby!,"If, like us, you have read the previous reviews and thought it can't be that bad, it is. The whole  hotel is in desperate need of cleaning and decorating. My partner woke up the next morning with red rashes on his legs!  We took one look at the breakfast room and decided not to eat there. It is not a 3 star hotel! The only good thing I can say is it is very close to Paddington train and tube stations.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or325-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never never book it!!!,"The worst hotel I've ever seen! If I had any other choise I wouldn't stay there at all! and it is overpriced as well as dirty and smelly. Our petite room costed 200 pounds per night and it was a very bad night. Beds are old and not comfortable, noise from other rooms and streets because window didn't clouse normally and smell from the restaurants nearby. And the breakfast was very poor in a dark room.  Only one good thing about this hotel is that it is very close to the Paddington tube station where airexpress arrives from the Heathrow airport.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or325-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay - pleasantly surprised!,"Booked this hotel as it was centrally located and reasonably priced - then I saw the reviews and was worried what the hotel was going to be like.   I needn't have worried at all, yes it's a cheap hotel situated on a busy road with Paddington station and St Mary's hospital but transport links to London are fab and some of the sights of London including Kensington Park are within walking distance.  The hotel itself is undergoing refurbishment, but our rooms, 2 twins, were clean and comfortable, beds had new mattresses, bathrooms were new and spotless and the beds were made and towels changed every day. All in all a great place to stay whilst spending a few days sightseeing. The staff were friendly and we had no problems at all.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or330-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect place for low budget!,I really loved the place because it answered what I was looking for! I paid a very acceptable price for a clean bed and a good breakfast. The place is small but it is situated in a good wide street far from chaos yet at a  5 min walk from the metro station! Very appropriate for a short quick tour around in London!,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or330-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Find something better...,"Plus: location close to Paddington station, free safety deposit box in the room, roomy shower. Minus: The room has no table or chairs. Really worn down, poor sound insulation, the gap between door and threashold is so large that it lights up the room at night, the elevator only takes three people and the doors keep opening and closing on 4:th floor keeping occupants of nearby rooms awake, the stairs are a steep and narrow maze where you cannot meet anyone and the ventilation is poor. Currently there is renovation ongoing which means everything is dusty, builders occupying the elevator and there's noise from work everywhere.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or330-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the bed bugs bite!,"Well, where do I start... My mum, sister and myself booked into this hotel for 3 nights in the middle of July '13. We have stayed in many hotels and have never been so disgusted.   - We booked into a triple room (expecting 3 single beds) bit instead we got a double and a single crammed together in a tiny box room. - After 30 mins of being in bed on the first night I had to sleep on the floor as the single bed was ridden with bed bugs and all my exposed skin was bitten. I therefore spent 3 nights sleeping on a hard wooden floor.  - The staff at the hotel are terrible, they don't give a damn. And god forbid should you make a complaint they are threatening and abusive and certainly make no effort to rectify any issues. - On the website it states that there is a bar and pool table,…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or330-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Total disaster,"If I could rate this hotel any less than 1 then I would give it a minus..  The place is dirty from the moment you step inside the front entrance door!  Images on the website have most definitely been photoshopped, staff are arrogant and ignorant.  Our room felt creepy dirty and bed linen looked disgustingly dirty. Gaps in the floor boards would cut your feet if you were brave enough to take your socks off! Steer clear of this hotel if you are planning on enjoying a break away.  Also most importantly, always check Trip Advisor before booking any hotel, unfortunately for us I didn't take my own advice on this occasion!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or330-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A Hell Hole of a place.,"This dump has got to be the worst excuse of a hotel that I have ever stayed in. Staff are ignorant and the place is filthy from top to bottom. It's website and the website of hotel companies that advertise it as a hotel should be done for false advertising.  What can I say that is good about this hotel? well nothing except for its location.   Avoid like the plague, it's the type of hotel in which you could pick it up.  It ruined our two nights in a great city.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or335-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Features of Ascot Hotel: Showers with no water; Windows do not close; Staff that direspect and deceives,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in... I am not young and I did travel a lot. I am not writing this note to criticize the hotel but to rather share my experience with those who might be looking into staying this hotel.  If you do not care of taking showers nor to sleep in almost uninviting if not repulsive rooms with windows that do not close, then you might be able to stay in that hotel. During my first interaction with the receptionist I was shockingly  surpised by his unprofessional, rude, sarcastic and dirsepectful manners (I needed to mention them all!) The room was on the 5th floor, but the elevator that has a three-person capacity (may be with one piece of luggage at your own risk?) goes up only to the 4th floor. The room was not inviting, if not repulsive. The…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or335-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!,"The ""professional"" photos shown are quite deceptive. This is a very old building seriously in need of renovation. We booked online for arrival in mid June. We were told our room was not ready on arrival and that we should store our luggage in a basement room and come back later.  We reluctantly left the luggage in a room with a lot of other luggage.  I believe this was also the breakfast area since I saw food left on a table.  We were given a room on the 4th floor. The bedding seemed somewhat clean though there was only a sheet between us and the mattress which was not very comfortable.  Pillows were awful.  The bed cover was a duvet cover over a blanket.  The floor boards were coming up and the coffee service table was untidy.  We were afraid to use the kettle.    The bathroom…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or335-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",stay away,"Pictures shown on the internet were misleading- the outside of the building appears old and weathered; rooms were very small. In three out of our five rooms there were problems- one had no hot water, one had a shower that backed up and no one on staff to fix it and, the sink in a third room was smaller than the ones found on an airplane.  The luggage room is not locked and we had to pay for an extra night for one room to keep luggage safe until we were ready to catch the train for our next destination. For the price, we paid it was not worth it. We did arrive a little early and the staff was very accommodating allowing us to check into the rooms which were ready. Staff was very helpful and did try to help. Check-in was quick and efficient.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or335-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid - money taken from credit card without consent before you arrive and that's just the start!!!,"We paid £87.50 (which was taken off my credit card WITHOUT my consent prior to our arrival!!!) to stay here and it was the biggest waste of money ever - we ended up not even staying the night and came home to our own bed! Dingy rooms, the toilet door touched the toilet, the bathroom was THAT small! The trim around the bath was hanging off and the room was about 40 degrees!!! There was obviously some sort of work going on, as when we arrived the hallway had all sorts of stuff all over it! The keys are all on show in the tiniest reception ever, literally an arms length away from where you stand and the reception is left unmanned while they go and sit outside for a fag break!  We are the sort of people who are happy with most things if we're just staying for 1 night, we're not at…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or335-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value place to stay while in London,"Although we didn't feel very welcome by the staff, there was an elevator in this hotel, a clean room that was bigger than expected, and the bathroom made it feel like a luxury suite after our first, tiny hotel. It is right down the street from Paddington underground station in central London and near many cafes and shops. A friendly and safe-feeling street. The elevator was painfully slow, but we were content as our previous hotel had us going up and down 4 flights of stairs multiple times a day! The back of the hotel looks over a quiet residential area. The bathroom was spacious with a big shower, good water pressure...overall, we were very happy here.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or340-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",don't go there,"This is not an Hotel you want to stay in :( Cot requested for one year old they don't have cots still took booking :( Folded smelly blankets in duvet covers Yuk :( Paid for breakfasts didn't even bother after seeing state of ""Restaurant"" Room at front of building very noisy road all night Dreadful:( Electrical fittings are illegal ! wall lights hanging off walls or taped with gaffa tape ! Shower heads broken in both rooms ! No plugs in sinks or baths Floorboards on top of old carpets make floors uneven Overall not a pleasant experience :( not even the location can make up for it Certainly not recommended :(",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or340-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in.,"The rooms were litteraly falling apart. Floors moving, holes in ceiling of bathroom and tiles falling off the walls. Breakfast unedible set in dark enclosed cellar.Situated on what seems like main route for ambulances to nearby hospital- lots of noise 24/7. Stay away!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or340-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",2 nights in Ascot hyde park,"This is the most disappointing hotel l have ever stayed in! No soap in bathrooms, hot water stops running, lift breaks down for 2 days. No amenities in the very small rooms, The internet is £2.50 per hour, when the lift breaks down that means down and up 4 floors to pay. I would highly recommend all travellers to look elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or340-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",So bad we didn't even end up staying. Don't book it!,"I usually cross reference any hotel I book with review sites but unfortunately this hotel had been booked for us by a third party. There were 8 of us in the group and I can honestly say that each and every room was an absolute disgrace - yes, some were worse than others but ranged from pretty dirty to absolutely hazardous. We're talking plug sockets hanging from walls, holes in walls, dirty sheets, broken furniture, filthy shower units, mold on walls/ceilings, broken hairdryer (with safety sticker on it), dangerous lift.   We ended up leaving straight away despite having paid upfront and went to the Corus Hotel around the corner who managed to find us all rooms at short notice. When one of the group returned the following day to complain to the manager he refused to give a…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or340-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth even £10/night,"Well where to start? Not clean, not attended at night and the room is not even close to what the pictures show. When we came to the hotel at 1am we just took our key from the unattended reception and walked up to our room. Bathroom is unclean and towels and bedlinen feels like they came from a vintage store.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or345-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad,"Honestly, I didn't read the various reviews on this particular hotel until I was on the train to London (yeah I know... big mistake NOT reading before booking). Thus I entered the hotel with a gloomy feeling. The lobby and receptionist were exactly as written by other reviewers. To my surprise my room on the 1st floor was much better than expected! It was clean, the linen and towels were fresh, the bathroom freshly renovated and a hot and steady sprinkling of water in the shower cabinet. I even slept well on the infamously soft 'Londonish' mattress!  Yes, the walls are paper thin and it can be noisy at times. But then again, I've stayed in much noisier and more expensive hotels elsewhere. Yes, the room wasn't exactly a beauty but rather functional looking. And yep, there is no…",None,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or345-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst in London,"Stay away if you don't want to feel like you have been seriously ripped off. Hotel standards is appalling and not worth the price charged. We booked it because it was close to the station and the famous Paddington Pub, which in my opinion is not that great too. The rate one night was 40 pounds and the very next day it was 135 pounds!! Not a quality hotel for that rate. Don't be fooled. It is crap",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or345-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",not as bad as all the reviews say,"I stayed here for one night last week and it was perfectly fine, room 708 had a TV decent shower and even tea and coffee. You pay £30 for a room you shouldnt expect more in london.... Maybe some of the other rooms are much worse.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or345-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",As I expected for £35 for the night,"I stayed here with my daughter, it was around £35 for the night for both of us so I was not expecting luxury. I have rated the hotel taking into accpount it's very cheap price. It was close to Paddington Station on the main road and right near where we needed to be. The room was basic but had kettle, TV shower etc. It was clean enough, the duvet was actually blankets folded into a duvet case but as it was a warm night it was no problem. It was quite noisy being right on the main road and I could hear the lift & toilets but I actually slept all night. They stored our luggage for us, with no charge although it was just put into a big room with all the other baggage. Lots of CCTV around though. Reading the other reviews I would have been very disappointed had I paid £100 a night,…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or345-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",We had to use the bathroom from another room & the receptionist shouted at me!,"We came to London for a weekend and had to pay £100 a night for two nights at this hotel. And what a rip-off this place was!  Here's what's wrong:   - We were put in a room on the 5th floor. It was clearly recently renovated by shabbily. e.g. the new fake-wood flooring was clearly laid over previous-existing carpet and was uneven. The toilet door couldn't be closed because someone's mounted a TV over the toilet door frame! And get this : If you wanted the remote for the TV, you had to pay a £20 deposit for it! If not, then you'll just to deal with the wonky buttons on the TV (don't turn the volume up or you might never be able to turn it down!)  - The radiator was boiling and couldn't be turned off. We had to call reception and ask them to come up with their toolbox to fix the…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or350-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",warning - you should read this,"between the 15th and the 18th of april 2013 i was a guest of hotel ascot hyde park hotel.   on check out at 09.50 of thursday the 18th of april 2013 i requested my receipt for the room charge had been promptly paid upon my checking in on the 15th of april and that my suitcase should be kept safely in the store room.   i was told that they would charge £5 for storing my lugage. i was astonished that i would be even charged and complained that this should not be the case.  the receptionist, a very big guy twice my size, tried to force me to read the hotel policy that i refused. he went round the reception desk and started abusing me and trying to hit me and kicking me. i managed to place my suitcase between the receptionist/assaultant and myself preventing me to be injured. the…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or350-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ascot Hyde Park Hotel,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Floorboards in the room uneven; broken window lock;graffiti in the lift. The shower cut out three times in a short period. Very close to Paddington Underground and National Rail.,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or350-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very rude and inconsiderate receptionist,"I stayed in the hotel the day before yesterday-the toilet flush wasn't working very well, bathtub was quite slippery, the telephone wasn't connected , no remote for theTV and no fridge. I decided not to make a fuss then (my mistake) as it was a question of just a  night and the offer price 30 pounds appeared decent (given the location).I also had to shell out 2 pounds and a bit more for a terrible wi-fi connection.  What really got me was when I asked the receptionist next morning if I could check out an hour or two later given my late flight departure.He didn't give me any consideration or flexibility. I agreed I could pay for another night but remarked that the service offered was rather low even for that price. He then got angry and said this was simply not done -I wasn't…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or350-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ascot Hyde Park Hotel,"A very old and dirty hotel, the pictures on the website are not real, breakfast was of poor quality, restaurant was located in a very dirty basement, the rooms without any facilities which was mentioned in the site: no refrigerator, door lock was not safe, very strange that for access to the slow internet you have to pay 2.5 per hour. Its not a standard hotel. the only good thing was the location. the worst hotel i have ever experienced. not recommended.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or350-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Biggest dive I have ever stayed in!,I could constantly hear the lift going up and down all night thank god it wasn't busy on our floor as we could hear everything from the hall way as there was a gap between the door and floor of approx 2inches there was no carpet on the floor so our shoes echoed around the room. The lift only had room for 3 people with childish doodles and sratches. and turns out the cleaning staff in the morning want to share the lift with you and 2big bags of toilet roll with no excuse me or do you mind! We had one pillow each and the duvet was a thick blanket shoved into a worn and tired out duvet cover. To make our kettle work we had to manually hold the button in till it had boiled.  The bathroom was brand new with no skirting board and an oversized tap and cabinet that you couldn't open for…,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or355-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok For A Night,"Room was clean and very basic.  More like a bedsit, included a washing maching and cooker.  Stairs up to the room looked very unappealing but website stated that refurbishment was in progress.  A little noisy with rumbling from underground tubes but there is nothing that the hotel could do about this.  Ideal location for exploring London.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or355-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!,"No greeting from staff. Lift full of vile grafitti. Wardrobe broken. Nails sticking out of the floor. Unfinished bathroom. Vile tasting water. Light fittings not working. General state of disrepair. Bedding thin and cheap. Didn't dare to try the ""Continental breakfast"".",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or355-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Please please please don't stay here,"From the moment you check in at the hostel style check in desk, you know what you're gonna get. £20 deposit for the TV remote?? Really?? Then take the lift, with its crude representations of male genitalia....  Yes, this place is an absolute toilet. Paid for 4 nights, will check out after one  Sites like hotelclub are complicit in keeping this hole in business. Just don't stay here. Please.",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or355-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Best avoided unless you don't want to sleep on the street in the cold,Cheap at 30 for the night Cheaper than the 100 taxi home I think I got a newly refurbished room so not bad decor wise Clean- ish! There was a small #2 left in the toilet on arrival and hair -not mine  Shower- no hot water Corridors smelt of deep heat an some other strange smell Still it was -2 outside so didn't freeze to death,Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or355-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the bedbugs bite!,"I stayed here the second week in January of 2013. Room 309, which was clean and spacey, but after my 3rd day there I discovered bedbug bites on my hand, arm and back. When showed the bites to the man at the front desk (who is also the manager) he told me that they don't have a bedbug problem at their hotel and suggested that I had gotten the bites somewhere outside....where the temperature was below freezing and it had been snowing for 4 days!   Also, the hallways are VERY noisy during the morning hours, most of which comes from the cleaning staff, who I had to ask twice to please keep their voices down.   The only good things I can say about this place is it's relatively clean, excellent location and very reasonably priced.....but what good is that if you're going to be bitten…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or360-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go to this place!,"The Ascot hotel was by far my worst hotel experience ever. - no hot water - not cleaned properly (hairs in bed as well as in the shower.) - broken furniture - smelly carpet - couldn't sleep due to the noise of the elevator. - talking to the staff is not possible because they don't speak English. - Breakfast was ""served"" in the basement and included: old and dry sandwiches, plastic cheese, jam and instant coffee.   Complaining about all this was meaningless: no action was taken and any cash refund was not possible. When booking this place I knew it wouldn't be a Hilton hotel  but I didn't expect it to be a pigsty!",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or360-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Best avoided,"If all you want is a bed and a bathroom, that's what you're getting. This wouldn't have been an issue as I wasn't looking to spend a long time in the room. I was, however, looking for somewhere to safely leave my things - that was not on offer. On returning to my room after my first night, i returned to find people loudly (and badly) reflooring the corridor outside and my door was unlocked and ajar.   Once checked in staff didn't speak to you at all, and just stared as though you were interrupting by walking past.  My window didn't fit the frame and so it was very loud all the time.  The bath was also very slippy and I fell both mornings.   Unsafe, unfriendly and unpleasant.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or360-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Upon complaints about the lack of water from the taps, the filthy bedding and the broken lights and plugs, the staff showed no interest and offered no compensation. If I´d been offered a refund I wouldn´t have felt any need to write this complaint publicly. Because of this hotel´s lack of ambition to keep customers happy, I wouldn´t recommend anyone to try this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or360-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Polish bail hostel!!!!!,"Don't go there if you think you are going to a half decent hotel. Though I have to admit that the bed sheets and towels where clean, and there was plenty of hot water. However the breakfast was dire, tables where not cleaned when other guests! had finished, unfriendly staff, the hotel is in desperate need of a complete refurb.",None,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or360-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not worth to be called a ""hotel""","I stayed here at Saturday night with my wife daughter and friend in one room. It looks ok from the outside and by the entrance. Don't be deceived by it. The elevator wall was encrypted with all kinds of slogans my three year old daughter should not see. Example: ""[--] the polace"". Guess this hotel is not a place were to intelligent people stay. Near our room on the fourth floor was a pile of tiles. Guess the renovation of the hotel was not finished yet. Than there is the room. Lights above beds do not work. Wood is sticking out of the floor. Badroom door does not lock. There is mold on the walls. The place looks like a [--] prison. We survived the night. In the morning we went to the breakfast room. It was a total dump with some Polish immigrants working there. Some people got…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or365-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away,"Been working away all my life and stopped in hundreds of hotels, this is probably the worst. Basically its a bed in a kitchen! A bed that is on a slant.... Room 710, fourth floor, can still feel and hear the subway. The room isnt part of the hotel but a little way up the street.  I know that central heating boilers arent allowed in bedrooms yet I can nearly touch it from the bed. Asked to change rooms, no help at all. Bloke behind the desk spoke decent English when I booked in but all of a sudden couldnt understand a word. Basically its no better than a squat! Stay away.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or365-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this dangerous dump at all costs,"I chose this 'Hotel' because of it's location, I'm familiar with the Paddington area and I've previously enjoyed pleasant stays there but this dump has to be the single worst 'hospitality' experience of my entire life and I'm almost seventy.  When I managed to find the place I entered the reception area to find the desk unattended as the 'receptionist' was outside on the street enjoying what turned out to be a leisurely cigarette and mobile phone break. When he ended his break and returned to the front desk to deal with my check-in he was rude in the extreme and curtly advised me that the hotel was fully booked and I would have to stay in ""The Annex"". The receptionist seemed to be Eastern European and his English language skills were limited, but his body language was…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or365-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",bad hotel but with one good point,"we arrived at this hotel at 12noon friday 26 oct 12 for a two night stay leaving on sun 28 oct 12 on arrival we checked in but was told in a not very nice way by the guy on reception to go away  and come back at 3pm and our room should be ready,so we went away and looked around the area(its near to paddington train station) after having some lunch and a hot drink(as it was very cold)we went back to hotel and was given our room key by the same grumpy guy and we went up to the room which was right at the top of the building and at the back so it was very quiet,in the room was a double and two single beds and a wardrobe with no doors and a small storage unit(and i do mean small) which is not a lot of storage space for four people,there was also a kettle and just two mugs for all of…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or365-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fair enough,I needed something to bridge some days before leaving London for the summer and for that it was fair enough. I've personally seen and heard of worse places in the same price category in London. Although I got the impression I was really lucky with my room (more later). It was on the 5th floor and seemed newly refurbished. The bathroom was really nice but I had to wait for hot water in the shower for about 5 minutes every time.  The negatives about my room: the kettle was inside disgusting so I didn't use it and the provided hairdryer was dangerous! It didn't work and just started to smoulder and stunk burned. I reported it to reception but there was no replacement. The single bed was really narrow.  The staff is neither friendly nor impolite they just don't seem to care about…,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or365-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel for the price,"I found this hotel on the internet for £62 per night in September 2012. It is about a two minute walk from Paddington station, The room had ensuite which is unusual for this price, and a small flat screen tv with freeview. The bed was comfortable and the room was basic but clean. Tea and coffeemaking facility, shower and toilet. I did not try the continental breakfast which was included. All in all, for the price, in central London an excellent place to stay.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or370-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","If they had guns, it would be armed robbery.","It is LOUSY all over, ugly, smelly, unclean, unsafe, breakfast is unbearable, staff is useless. I got a street side room, insulation is so bad the street noise kept me awake almost all night. 100% crap. Their only merit is to be accross the street from Paddington station and about 30 metres from the subway.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or370-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, smells bad, run-down, rude and unhelpful!","Booked to stay two nights as it was, or appeared to be, good value. Left after one, which is a big deal as we're not fussy about hotels in the slightest usually! The room, which was on the top floor was small and claustrophobic. When I first entered I thought I smelt gas. Opened the windows which looked like they were about to fall off their hinges. My husband went down to ask about the gas smell and was told that there were gas sensors all over the hotel but someone would check it out. They never got back to us on that.  Next morning we used the stairs instead of the undersized elevator and were treated to a different foul smell on each floor. The top floors seemed to favour the smell of a nursing home and the lower ones still reeked of gas. Paint stains were all over the…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or370-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I've got an itch to scratch,"You won't sleep tight letting bed bugs bite!!!  This hotel should come with a health warning, whether it be the sharp staff, worn staircases, cracked tiles, millions of stairs or a sleep in a bed that will literally eat you alive!!!  Upon a reservation through booking.com receiving passable score our first problem was that we were contacted by booking.com that our card had been declined and that we had to arrive by 6pm else we would lose our reservation. Checkin was quick before we were shown to an annexe entrance and told that room 712 is on the 4th floor. No offer of help with luggage, shown a door and indicated which keys to use. Single lock noticed on entrance door, easily broken into bedroom door, tattered, unkempt staircase and paper cellotaped to doors indicating room…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or370-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not suitable for humans or any living creature!!!,"we booked this hotel for our romantic getaway in London,we arrived and from the outside it doesn't  look too bad as we checked in the two foreign guys at the desk spoke to each other in their own language and with no warm welcome we were told we were staying in the other part of the hotel and we would be shown to our room,we came out the main entrance and past a few shops to a brown door and up four steep flights of dangerous dirty carpeted stairs and the guy disappeared leaving us to find our room.the no of the door was written on a piece of paper and cellotaped  on the door,we entered the room and our hearts sank it was tiny,the bathroom had cracked floor tiles the sink was tiny and you had to manoeuvre  yourself to sit on the toilet properly, the bathroom light did not…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or370-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Visit!,"All the info leads you to belive this Hotel is something else, its not!  ITS VERY BASIC. the room was small .but to be fair it was clean ,bathroom had been refurbished but not very well the extractor fan didnt work. It appeared that they were doing a refurb whilst still open freshly painted walls also the carpet not good, laundry bags left on the stairs, lift was woorying everytime you used it. Had to leave early asked for some sort of breakfast to be made available told yes will do that, nothing there service very poor and a £20 deposit for TV controller? for a TV that didnt work properly.NO Fire intructions .",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or375-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish,Room was awful and service was poor wouldn't use again for the price we paid.  I put my dogs in better kennels. There was n washing stuff and only one pillow. The lift don't use. Service with a smile was certainly not applied here.,Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or375-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Far To Basic.,"Superb location, with a nice looking building, staff are friendly but overall not worth the high price. Not bad if you can find a great deal online as bedroom's are far too basic for a hotel in Central London. Ok a hotel does not need to have a gold toiler but more amenities and nicer furnishings are compulsory than to have old fashioned flat packed budget beds etc. Stayed 1 night i would say is all i needed in the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or375-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"I stayed one night in a single room costing £77. The room was small but just adequate. The bathroom had been refurbished in a cheap way but was clean and functional and after letting the water run for several minutes (what a waste) it turned hot. The bed was narrow, not particularly comfortable but the bedding was clean.    But the place is generally run down. The electricals are questionable with switches 'flashing' when operated. Everything electrical has a green label saying 'passed' and a date; some items such as the kettle had four of these. Passed by whom? A 'master' light switch turned everything 'on' and 'off' but it was not possible to switch a light off at the bedside; you had to walk to the door which was down effectively a short corridor formed by the bathroom wall. …",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or375-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A cheap stay in a great location!,"I paid £30 for a single room here, which was small but clean and everything you would expect for the price. Wifi is £2.50 per hour and there is a deposit for the use of the tv. But a decent value stay!",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or375-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Surprised!,"I booked to stay here with this hotel because it was very cheap compared to other hotels and i was going to a festival at hyde park which it was in walking distance of it. After reading the reweiws on here i must say i was very shocked i wasnt expecting it to be as good as it was. there was four of us, we stayed in a family room with 2 singles beds and a doubke and the bathroom was newly referbished. there was a telly in the room with was also fairly new our veiw from our windown wasnt the best it was the back of the all the shops but other than that it was alright and id defernatly stay here again if i was going to go the festival again which im thinking of doing. i cannot comment on the breakfast becuase we missed it bioth mornings. if your going to london and not going to be…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or380-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish,"Do u r self a favour and give this a miss. I arrived at 1p.m and they insisted I could not check in until exactly 2o,clock. I explained I.d have a long overnight travel journey, but they mad no attempt to try get me in until exactly 2o,clock. 1o,clock is more than late enough I feel.  Then I asked why I had no remote control for tv, but was told that would cost a 20 pounds deposit, in case it gets stolen!!  Also they charged for wi fi, which should be free  Also they say it's Hyde park ascot, but it's not next to Hyde park  Give it a miss",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or380-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Vile ,"Despite having low expectations, we were mortified at the state of this hotel. Bugs, exposed wiring, lifts out of order, uncleanliness, holes in walls and appauling customer service. I wish I had read previous reviews before booking this hotel. Never again... ",None,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or380-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,This hotel needs a lot of money spent on it. Very dirty bathroom and carpets. I would not stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or380-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Beware,"We booked accommodation for a week on the internet. The merits of the establishment advertised were simply lies. The bar, the internet, breakfast, cleanliness, staff assistance were absolute lies. The Hotel should be closed down. The only thing nice I can say is that we had about 1/2 our prepaid money refunded. We were at their mercy and I was lucky to receive that. Don't stay there under any circumstances. It almost ruined our holiday.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or380-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DISGRACEFUL,"Hotel filthy, staff cannot understand or speak English.  Human disgrace.  Never ever would go back to this hell hole.  Wouldn't let a dog sleep here.  A dog kennel would be cleaner and more comfortable.  The place should be condemned.  Stayed for one night and would not have stayed for another.  Slept on top of the bed fully clothed would not have dreamt of getting into the bed!!  No plug in sink, shower a disgrace, holes in the walls, all the flooring was loose - health and safety would have a field day!!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or385-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location near Paddington station,"This hotel is not the greatest, but for the location and how close it is to Paddington station, it'll suffice for a short day or two stay in London.Beds were for the most part clean.  However, the only major concern I had was the toilet.  It did not flush properly and if you were another couple make sure the next person to use the bathroom waits 10-15 min. No AC in room.  Will go stay again if visiting London again! Cheers!!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or385-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Foreign staff managed but satisfactory near metro/underground to central London,"Small rooms for a 'three star' hotel. Yes, they have wi-fi internet but be warned - it is NOT free which seems unfair for a 'threee stars' hotel considering other 3* hotels include free wi fi.  Last cost was £6 +  for THREE hours usage only.  Smaller room than expected but satisfactory.  Bonus is that it is near the huge Paddington Train Station which has routes to all of the west of the UK including Wales. This hotel is near the Yellow Circle metro/underground line and so near the centre using Central lines. Also can walk to Hyde park from here. Fast food services available up the street all night. Breakfast was is included here but standard and simple. Tea/Coffee facility in room.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or385-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Once upon a time...,"What can be said? The room was clean and it looks like they have painted the old walls, but that cannot hide how old and tired this is. The bath, clean, but so old and weared out. Shower worked the first 24 hours, but after that you could hardly wet your self. Breakfast was included, but the breakfast room was not a room you would like to stay in, far less eat.. Maybe it is tough to be close to Hilton, but this is max 1 star and is too expensive for the one star. Only if you are desperate..",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or385-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great price and location. Ideal for short stays,"Stayed Saturday night. The hotel is very basic but it depends what you are looking for. If you are not spending much time in the hotel, it is ideal. If going to sporting event for weekend or concert it is great to use as a base. It is a 2 minute walk to paddington station which has heathrow express, overground lines to other parts of country and tube to central london. The hotel itself is a bit run down. Our bathroom was newly modernised with a large shower and the room itself was large and spacious. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful. Value for money is excellend - £85 for room in london is great. Other options would be double or treble price",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or385-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location...,"We were actually pleasantly surprised after reading some reviews. We had a family room, 2 bedrooms and a newish kitchen equipped with washing machine & dryer. Everything was clean, bathroom was fine and again quite new. There were some things in a bit of disrepair...cupboard doors etc but all in all great value for money considering the great location and cost of other hotels in the vicinity. Easy 5 minute walk to Paddington Station.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or390-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","For £40 next to Paddington, you can't complain much","I stopped here simply because I had a last minute change of plans, and found myself in London with no place to stay. Not wanting to spend lots of cash on the Hilton in Paddington Station, I walked 200 yds and found this Hotel. It's not really a hotel but lots of rooms on lots of floor with precious little else, However, it suited the requirement and I can't remember paying such a small amount in a major city with breakfast included. The rooms are tired but clean, minimal furniture but just enough, it was airy and comfortable. Breakfast was very minimal but again, it would have cost  you £6-8 for a breakfast outside, so for the traveller on a tight budget, it was OK. The staff were pleasant and overall it was very good VFM. I will remember it if ever I am caught short again !!",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or390-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel if just to sleep,"Ok hotel. Creepy room I have been given. I don't know the choices in England and I went to this one as part of an Internet offer.  But most of all very very bad service. I waited hours to be given my keys, and when I went back to the receptionist he told me ooh they were ready I just forgot you. Internet not working.  I ask to change out my room for two beds to a double one, the guy asked me to join the two beds. Never again there.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or390-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as expected,"My friend booked this hotel (through another site) as we were meeting up with uni friends in London for the weekend. I have to say after reading some of the other reviews on here I was highly skeptical about what our stay was going to be like, but was pleasantly surprised. Location is brilliant, not far from tube and within walking distance of Hyde Park. We must have had a refurbished room, beds were comfy the shower worked and noise levels were negligible for a city. For the price of the room and somewhere to kip down for a night this place was ideal. Didn't get up for breakfast as it was continental and had a heavy night before!",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or390-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",WE STRONGLY ADVISE NOT TO GO HERE!,"Our room had just been painted and the tape was still on the walls and door. Paint chips were all over the floor and bed(!) and the room had clearly not been cleaned. The toilet was covered in urine stains and the mattress had a one square meter area where the filling completely missed. The unfriendly receptionist seemed ignorant on our complaints and we decided not to stay. We even explicitly told the receptionist they could keep the down payment, but we would not be staying due to the abovementioned reasons. A few weeks later we found out the hotel still charged to full stay to our credit card, since their terms of agreement states that the hotel can decide whether or not they charge. Again, safe yourself from a bad experience in London and do not stay in this hotel!!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or390-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy but clean room,"Booked 4 nights this week, and had the first one last night. The room was clean although the staircase and corridors are dusty and stained. Several small 'fist'holes in the walls added to the disturbed ambience of the place. Extremely noisy room with barking neighbours and a bus stop outside the window. Perhaps other rooms would be quieter. On the positive side the room and bed was clean, with freeview flatscreen TV, toilet was fine, so not too bad for a budget hotel. The hilton next door was 10x the cost.. go figure.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or395-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Such a terrible experience!!!,"I booked this hotel by internet for the good price and suppose to be 3 star, but this was a big big mistake! This hotel cannot have even 1 star. Any hostel in London is better then this dirty, noise and NOT friendly staff. The carpet is DIRTY, the rooms are small and dirty, the bed sheets are smelling, the breaksfeast is a JOKE! So..I can just say one think about this hotel: Was the worsth, dirty, noise and terrible hotel I had in all my life travelling in all the world. I don t recommend for anyone who goes to London stay there.  The only good thing there is the location, that s it!",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or395-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel,"This hotel was the worst hotel I have stayed in at London. I went here for New Years Eve with my friend, we thought as we have never done london for nye it would be great to stay somewhere, so me being a travel agent started looking around at hotels within an easy reach of the tubes and embankment, I must admit I looked on this site and thought the reviews where untrue about the hotel as it looked such a nice place to stay and not to far from Paddington Station.  I was WRONG arrived at what I thought was the reception area but was the access to the restuarant they have and a bar area this looked nice and tidy, I had a phone call from my friend saying ""Wait until you see this room"" I thougth she was pulling my leg when she told me what was in there, a single bed and a double with…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or395-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not. I repeat. Do not stay here,Do not. I repeat. Do not stay here. their websie is a house of lies. I really wish i had walked straight out. I was with a group of mates and we were only using it to sleep in but i'd rather have slept on the bench ove the road. From the staff not understanding a word of english to the blood on the walls in the bedroom. The rundown naure of the entire hotel has left me scared for life.The bedding was unclean. The bathroom was a disgrace and i wouldn't let my moral enemy stay here. I have just looked and hey are charging £245 a night during the Olypics. Daylight robbery. I have reported them to the authories because if this place has a health certificate then it's an absolute disgrace.,Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or395-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ewwww,"I was greeted by workmen making the reception area look all nice. Shame they didnt do up the room. The carpet was filthy and ripped the bed had some nice stains on it. The plug socket was burnt out and the light switches just worked random lights,never the same one at each press. The place was a maze and what looked like a building site in one part. I slept fulled clothed incase i caught anything from the bed. Then i tried to get some hot water from the tap and the tap just came off in my hand. I aksed in reception whats going and and he said water in 5 mins no worry no worry. The bathroom was had cracked tiles and the shower was nasty. Only stay here is you are desperate.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or395-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",there is a catch.,"if you're like me you probably looked at the lovely picture of the facade and was impressed by the price and the location.   this hotel... is a disgrace. the hallways smell toxic, because some amateur painter has been painting it recently, the shower is clogged so that obviously flooded. the shower was also ridiculosuly small, i have never had such a cramped shower. i felt like houdini in a water tank.  so i recently quit drinking until i checked in here, i realized there was no way i could do this sober. so cheers to that. it wouldnt be so bad if it was this room on a ship, as in a cabin. but i have to make a three point turn just to take a dump.  the reception was a gangsta madafaka in a leather jacket not even bothering to look at my passport.  yeah.. so counting hours to get…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or400-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Hideous hotel, ignorant staff, v low standard !!","Stayed here on last min booking as my daughter had auditions, hotel looks ok from outside, then you get inside, woman on reception wouldn't harm her to crack a smile or speak English besides you pay now n leave ur keys... We stayed in 2 rooms 206 & 410, 206 room we searched for for 15 mins only to realise we had no dr number, 410 had half missing. Gets into room n slamming the dr as it wouldn't shut the windows didn't shut, tiles cracked big hole in sink where there should ave been a plug, mouldy shower curtain and black stained tiles in bath, ( needless to say we stayed clear ).. We left hotel for as long as we could at night n was up n out for 7 next morning didn't even dare touch breakfast. Went to go for drink in the bar which is not there, the hotel safe was in lobby on…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or400-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a con trick,"Rooms dirty! Doors unlockable! Communications terrible! What a disgrace and a con exercise!!! Why did I not check the reviews before inflicting this on my family and saved myself a lot of grief. Lesson learned, keep up the good work.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or400-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,this hotel was not great. but I liked the location and for the price in London..Fair enough.,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or400-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",disaster!!!,"the worst hotel i have ever been!!  when i saw the room i was running away...all the property should be checked for health and safety...its a disaster...... I immediately run away, and they have the nerve to keep the whole amount of money i paid. they should shut the place down immediately!!",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or400-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!,"DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!! The management have a total disregard for safety: ALL fire exits were completely blocked, electric sockets in room defective - one was actually broken in half with full finger access to the live wire! Room was not as described in TravelStay.com description - no plasma screen tv or DVD player. Was told wrong times for breakfast and so ended up missing it completely.  When I approached the management about the obvious safety issues they were not interested at all and made no effort to unblock fire exits. As it was so late I had no option but to stay in the hotel and ended up having to clear the fire exit myself by removing heavy bags of builders rubble and old beds. I suggest TravelStay.com disassociate themselves from this ""hotel"". I am passing…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or405-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",!!! DONT STAY HERE THEY SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN !!!!,"well we stayed here on new years eve in a triple room ( well i think it may of been a single room with a double and a single in it) i only went into the hotel (squat) to ask for directions to the car park and thought omg what have we booked here it doent even have a good looking front desk or anything but gave it the benefit of the dought.  on the site it states  SATELLITE TV,  there wasnt any satellite tv and the tv we did have was broken .  HAIR DRYER, didnt work  LIFT, that actually only goes to the 4th floor and we were on the 5th  all tho it does give u breakfast and the offer of room service i wouldnt even want to touch anything that came out of their kitchen !!!  are room was diabolical it was the smallest room i have even seen for 3 people and: the tv didnt work  hardley…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or405-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Only stay if you plan to be blind drunk for your entire stay,I think if a safety inspector visited this hotel they would shut it down. Pretty much all the fixtures and fittings are missing from this room. Had to wait 20 mins for the shower to warm up. There was only one plug socket which I gave to my boyfriend to charge his phone up with so started my day with a dead phone. felt really unsafe in the room. Oh and you probably don't even need to bother paying. My boyfriend checked in earlier on in the day and I went there for the first time on my own to put my stuff down. Asked the reception for a key to 500 and he didn't even question me or ask for Id. He just handed the key straight over so don't expect your stuff to be safe!,Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or405-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever stay here !!!!!,"Before you consider booking this hotel, sit down and take a minute, give yourself a good talking to. This hotel is twinned with Beckton sewage plant, do not stay here at any cost, you are better off wondering down the road to the tube station and hang out with the local homeless people waiting for there weekly methodone shot from St Mary's hospital. The worst place I have ever stayed in, even the Mercreede down the Romford Road beats this one,",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or405-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Splendid hotel,"As we walked into the glorious hallway, the staff ran onto us for helping with our baggage and carrying it to the room. Our room was big, fresh and newly washed and had a great view. The smell of soap was present and I think the floor carpet had recently been washed thoroughly. It was a great experience showering in the bathroom and all the bed clothes and curtains was of the newest fashion. The Tv worked well and the hotel provided us with some great coffee and a water boiler so we could enjoy our freshly made coffee in our tremendously splendid room We were too hungover to check out the breakfast though but according to rumours it was close to heaven. What can I say? I simply recommend this top-notch hotel to everyone who enjoys a litle bit of comfort.  Board from Oslo.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or405-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing like the website!,"To begin with we almost walked straight past the hotel! The signage is very poor (it doesn't even say the full name!) & the pictures on the website were very deceptive.  Reception was very shabby, man on reception barely mumbled at us, lift felt extremely unsafe & our overall first impressions were ""what have we booked?!""  The room was very basic & we were actually sleeping on camp beds! The Walls were scuffed & full of holes & it really needed decorating. The window did not shut properly & was quite drafty and not all the lights worked. In the night we ended up putting a chair up against the inside of the door for extra protection! We did not feel safe. And you could hear everything from the rooms next door.The bathroom, although clean, had a rubbish shower & broken toilet…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or410-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended for the budget concious traveller - not for everyone,"My wife and I stayed at the Ascot Hyde Sunday November 13th for one night as we were meeting up with a friend for the evening in London. I chose the site due to reasonable price ($65 pounds) and good location to the Paddinton train and subway. It was a very short walk from both which makes it covenient if you have luggage with you and use the rails as your main tranportation.  Check in was easy as I had booked on Expedia, so things were done quickly. Desk agent was friendly and helpful. Our requested wake up call was right on time. The exterior of the hotel looks fair, though the interior is quite another story. It has been well used and in need of a good over-haul, though this would mean a fair increase in price needed to be charged. There are not many things in London that…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or410-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I have been to hell,"When i walked into this place it was so very different from what i had seen on the internet.It was filthy dirty,the air was thick with the smell of damp,the carpets were threadbare and it felt like i was walking through treacle as a walked over them. The walls were covered in damp patches.My bedroom was for three,it was a tiny room that was damp,smelt musky,the bed sheets had what i can only hope was melted chocolate on them,i suspect it may have been somthing very worse. On the whole a terrible horrible place,this is no place for a ferret to rest its head,i thought i had died and gone to hell,still having nightmares and needing psychiatric intervention.",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or410-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing and awful,"I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. All previous complains in the reviews are true. The hotel is really tired and worn-down, nothing in it remind me photos on the expedia.com. Simply don't stay here!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or410-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful, unsafe hotel. Do NOT stay here!","Where to start! Couldn't really understand the person at the check in desk and we had to have the maid who we also couldn't understand show us to out room. The room was outside of the hotel and down the street and was a small door located between two restaurants. When we finally got through the door after the confusion with the keys we were met by a dark hallway and flight of stairs, wires hanging round, tacky carpets, lights with no covers and rubbish including air rifle targets by the fire escape. The room was small very basic. Plug sockets hanging off the wall, holes in the wall, the floor wasn't level and the bathroom door didn't fit the door frame so was very hard to shut needing a big pull. When closed there was a large gap under the door where the floor wasnt level.…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or410-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T STAY HERE!!,"Website photos look nothing like actual hotel.Hotel is tired and dirty.Room had broken fridge/cooker,broken window catch(couldn't close it),cracked toilet seat,mildew on bathroom walls/ceiling,shower curtain and a broken live plug socket.Big pile of laundry bags stacked outside our door and drink bottles left on stairway.?Tea and coffee provided but no kettle! Breakfast was DIY cornflakes,toast, tea and coffee plus a plate of waxy sliced cheese and a bowl of boiled eggs.The location was noisy(You can hear the tube trains going under the hotel),but convenient for station.Pretty courtyard at rear of hotel but cobbled road was noisy. Having said that the beds were clean and ok. I would not recommend this hotel.If we hadn't arrived late we'd have gone elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or415-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, shame about everything else","I was impressed by how easy it was to locate the hotel from Paddington station. Out on the main road, it's literally a stone's throw a way, making it a somewhat desirable spot to access the rest of the city from.   But that's it. This is a no-frills, out-dated, run down mess of a hotel that needs immediate care and attention.  The staff are a curious, unsociable lot, possibly graduates from the college of extreme disinterest. Please also allow at least 4 days wait for the lift to reach you and another 4 days before you reach the appropriate level.   My room was fairly sizeable however the lock on the door appeared faulty and unsecure. The tv has two working channels and if you are expecting a good night sleep then please take a few mins to click, click, click to another hotel…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or415-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting!,"Loved the proximity to Paddington Station. Was a bit worried when I first got there but if you pile on the smiles the staff come around in the end! My room was quirky...yes.. in desperate need of some refurbishing...yes,   but it was clean. The breakfast was boring but if your on a budget and don't mind having somewhere simple to doss your head then its alright!",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or415-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel for the price,"I booked the room before I read the reviews and was scared for what I would find when I got there. To my surprise and delight, the hotel was no where near as bad as the reviews. I actually really enjoyed it! I had stayed the night before in a Marriott and it was definitely not that but I found it charming. My room was a single with 2 twin beds, a juliet balcony overlooking the street and a clean bathroom. The hotel may need some work but I enjoyed my 2 nights there. It was in a great location and an excellent deal for the money. I also felt very secure there. The lift did work. The staff was very friendly too. I would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or415-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Probably THE WORST Hotel I have ever stayed in!,"We had a quick stopover in Paddington and hsould have checked better, we had stayed in the area a few times at other hotels and we figured they would all be about the same. WRONG! Simply DO NOT STAY HERE, there are better ones just down Craven Rd for around the same price. As for breakfast, dont eat it go unless you want to be sick. Just have a look at the readers photos......",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or415-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I being Generous!,"The Ascot was a A-Typical cheap London hotel.  Has a great location, adjacent to Paddington Station.  The rooms, while small, were not the smallest I've ever stayed in, while in London.  The furnishings were dated, the carpets worn and the breakfast was adequate.  The front desk staff were beyond rude and completely incompetent with any task given to them.  The ONLY thing that saved this whole review was.....THEY HAD A WORKING ELEVATOR!  If you want a cheap hotel and can handle rude, incompetent staff..then the Ascot is the Hotel for you!",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or420-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever!,"The hotel advertised looked quite nice. When you get there your in for a different story altogether!   The hotel looks noting like what is advertised!  The staff in the reception were rude and ignorant. We booked a double and were given a twin where they had pushed the beds together. The wall paper was peeling, the furniture was damaged. Everything just felt really dirty. The telly had 1 channel that didn't have a clear picture. We had a kettle and some tea bags, but no cups, just 2 glasses??( they didnt even match) The only good thing about the room was that we had clean bedding.   Breakfast was just a bad. They advertise a continental breakfast but all you are offered is either toast or cornflakes which you have to sort out yourself.   When we checked out the guy on the…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or420-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Should have believed the other reviews!,"I usually take poor reviews with a pinch of salt cos peoples expectations vary BUT this is the worst place I have ever stayed in and the poor reviews are there for a reason - it really is a dreadful 'hotel'. The positives are that the location was great for Hyde Park so we didnt have to worry about getting a train with 30,000 people after Last Night of The Proms in the Park, the toilet roll was quilted and the towels were white. The negatives were everything else: judging by the stains the carpet and bed had probably been there since before Noah built the ark (every spring in the bed was broken), 1 tap in the sink worked after a few seconds delay, there was no plug in the sink - just a hole, the shower holder was broken, the shower curtain was mouldy, the tea tray was sticky and…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or420-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute Dump,"Do not book this hotel, the picures are a con. The carpets are dirty and threadbare the room are cramped and un-clean. first room i went in was up 5 flights of stairs no lift and had stained sheets !!!! Horrid",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or420-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place we've ever stayed in,"This hotel was nothing like it was described on the internet.  It is lacking in everything.  Very poor decor, my daughter's door would not open, and our bathroom sink was held up by a peice of wood! The tea and coffee facility had no spooons and the shower curtain was as brown as the inside of a teapot.  We left without using the shower, and without the breakfast.  I couldn't bear my family to stay there a minute longer than was necessary! The staff were uncommunicative and unhelpful.  I would have preferred to have left without staying the night, but that wasn't possible,  so we left as soon as we could the next morning.  The only good thing about it was that it was near to Hyde Park, but I would rather have paid a lot more money and not had to worry about staying there.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or420-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel stay elsewhere.,The door could not lock and would have opened of you hit it hard as it was not closing properly. As soon as you open the water basin the water that drains comes out into the bath from the drain of the bath. Very unhygienic. When I noted these to the reception they said they would take care of them but did nothing. ,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or425-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL!,"Worst 'hotel' ever. Was given a broom cupboard to stay in. The door barely closed and it felt soo unsafe. The carpet was filthy, looks to have never been cleaned, ever. The shower door had a piece of glass missing (seriously!!) and there were cobwebs everywhere. Cannot believe this is classified as a hotel! I wouldn't let my dog stay in it, honestly, a kennel would be cleaner! Don't waste your money.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or425-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in,"Really, really basic hotel. Rooms are tiny and quite insecure. Hotel is basically the upper room of a number of properties on the street. Beds quite uncomfortable and the bathroom is nasty. I was booked in her by my office...Would never return...On the other hand, the location was great :-)",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or425-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dude this is incredible,"This is the worst hotel I have stayed in ever.  Incredible, they prep their food in the games room and the person before me left a log in the toilet.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or425-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Taken Care Of...,"As a group of three girls travelling alone, some hotels can be judgemental or sleazy towards you, however the staff in the hotel showed genuine concern for our well-being, something which meant we felt sad to hand the key back this morning. Even the other guests were pleasant to us at the breakfast table, it was such a nice environment. The room WAS basic but so was the rate for a London hotel!!! Hairdryer, kettle, shower and toilet worked perfectly, rooms were clean and smelled fresh. The location was central, and the road well known, so finding it was so easy, even after a few drinks! The shops around the hotel are the kind of cheesy things you'd expect in London, but anything you wanted was literally on your doorstep! Also the morning coffee was the best i'd tasted and well…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or425-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Big, big mistake booking this hotel","This hotel was dirty, old and outdated. The hotel itself was not at all looked after.  The rooms are small, dark and dingy.  They are not cleaned, there were black bits in the beds and mattresses were stained.  There wasn't even a bin in the room.   The bathroom was filthy with mould everywhere.  The toilet seat was broken, there was no toilet roll holders.  The taps were broken and the shower was unusable. There were holes in the walls, the doors didnt lock properly and there were exposed wires. There were no bedside tables and you could not get to the window. Staff were rude.  We were told breakfast was between 8 and 10 in the basement.  we went downstairs at 8 to find boxes of food stacked up everywhere which we had to battle to get past only to be told we were too early and…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or430-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",REVIEWS are true. DON'T BOOK this hotel,"We stood there for our first trip to London last 8 to 12 June 2011, and i hoped i had read the reviews. But last year i've read the reviews about our hotel in Maiorca and they weren't true, completly wrong. So could be the same this year, but NO! The reviews for this hotel are true. The floor is made of wood it makes noises everywhere. Our room was 2x2mts. And had to move the bed to put the suitcase in the closet. But that wasn't the worst. The carpet floor is grey, completly dirty. The blanket on the bed has lots of spot of fat. I cant find enough words in english to define this. HORRIBLE. The worst hotel i've stayed in my life, and i travel a lot in Portugal and Spain. The people are bad. The breakfeast paid in advance is more expensive then the ones outside the hotel. They…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or430-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute DIsgrace,"My partner and I booked the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel before reading the reviews on trip advisor and now we really wish we had done so before booking. From the moment you walk into the reception you get a horrible feeling that the place is dirty and sure enough, thoughts are confirmed when you walk into the closet like room. The bed was dirty with texta marks all over it, fittings non existent, view terrible, bathroom tiles chipped, smelly... Overall Horrible and uninviting. It was so bad that we vacated the room, went back up to reception and politely declined to stay the night, rather walk away letting them keep $100 than stay there the night. Most terrible hotel we have ever seen please stay away.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or430-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, dirty and noisy room, rude staff","The only redeeming point of this hotel that I can think of will be its location. Located within a stone's throw from Paddington station, with good connections to the London Underground and National Rail.  The reception was extremely rude and gave us the impression that he simply could not be bothered with us, we stayed there for 2 separate nights and on both nights, we got our room types assigned wrongly.  On the first night, we had room 100, which was right next to the lift, in fact, the lift well was in our room. This made the room extremely tiny. To make matters worse, the doors and walls are extremely thin, and when people got into the lift of walked up the stairs, we could hear them moving and parts of the conversation.  The second night was marginally better and we got a…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or430-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Save a bit less, but stay in a better place than this one","My experience was not good. I went for Eastern holiday with my girlfriend. We had heavy luggage and they have offered the room in the 7th floor. No elevator. No help with the luggage. The rooms were in the other building, not the same as the reception. The staff was not polite. The Wi-Fi was charged and did not function. (they gave the money back but did not make any effort to fix it). I´ve had the worst shower ever. Too difficult to turn it on (electric shower) and when was turned on (after 15min trying) was so hard to get a good temperature. The room had a kitchen. That kitchen was not supposed to be there. The kitchen was adapted to become a room. That made the room so tight. We had a good surprise when they let us leave our luggage there after check out without any charging.…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or430-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"The hotel looks tired and old from the outside and no better on the inside.  The room had been cleaned, but carpets were stained the walls hadn't been painted for a very long time and the general decoration was outdated and the bedding, although, clean was also old.  The staff weren't rude, but weren't welcoming either, offering no help with luggage and little direction to the room.  Breakfast is stated as continental, but consists of toast, drinks, and a boiled egg!  There is no double glazing, so if you're a light sleeper, the sounds from the busy street would keep you awake.  The pictures on the booking websites bare no relation the the actual hotel.  This place is in dire need of new owners and a complete overhaul.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or435-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","All the previous reviews are spot-on, I wish I had read them before I booked.","I booked a triple room for myself, husband and teenage son to visit London over the Royal Wedding Bank Holiday.  The only thing going for this 'hotel' is the location.  I booked it thinking it doesnt matter if its not posh, just clean and tidy, a bed for the night really - but it really was awful.  Our room was on the 5th floor, there was a tiny ancient lift that went up to the 4th, then you had to walk up to the 5th.  At this point I kind of knew how bad it was, carpets were threadbare, paint peeling off the walls, bannisters coming away etc.  The room was cramped but looked tidy, beds made etc.  There was a tiny portable tv but no remote control so that was useless.  The bathroom was very dated, cracked tiles and when we showered the mixer tap came off in our hand and then we…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or435-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dump PLEASE don't go,Don't stay here it is an absolute disgrace it is filthy with exposed wires and missing bathroom tiles . If you stay here you will regret it,Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or435-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Awful,"I cannot express how disappointing it was to walk into this hotel. Shoddy is an understatement.  The threadbare carpets as you entered the narrow reception area should've been a war ning sign (it reminded me of a run-down taxi waiting room). The twin room was cramped.  The curtains didn't open.  The beds were cheap and very uncomfortable.  The bedspreads were at least a foot too short for the beds.  The bathroom was tiny and very grim.  The basin had a broken tap, the toilet flush was almost hanging off.  There were coffee sachets with cups but no kettle.  The drawers were all broken and sat upon each other. I didn't want to unpack my stuff - it was just miserable.  The photographs on the internet do not reflect this hotel at all - where were these photos taken?? They don't…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or435-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't book this hotel,"The pictures online is not what you get. The 50% of pictures of the hotel on the page where I booked the hotel does not have anything to do with the hotel. I had booked a single room. I got a very small room with a very small frosted window (20 cm x 60 cm), no heat in the room, the carpet was wet and the TV was nowhere to be found.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or435-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT spend your money on this hotel,"We stayed at the hotel 3 nights. It´s NOTHING like in their web pages. the rooms are awful, theres no space to mention. Our room was in 4th floor, no elavator in our part (in the part were´s reception there´s an elevator, on the otherside you just have to climb the stairs..) it was dreadful! Our room had one double bed and one single bed. There was no space at all after that! Rooms are awful, only good thing to say is that the bathroom was renewed and very clean. Rooms are very cold, noise from the street is continues and we had no shower for 3 days!!! Water was freezing cold and there was no pressure..tip..tip..tip. We asked from reception following morning if someone could come and fix it. Still it was freezing cold in the evening when we returned..reception said that someone…",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or440-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get fooled,What is advertised on line isn't what you are getting.  It looks great from the outside but wait till you get in!!  The pictures they advertise on line look nothing like what you really get.  The elevator is old and you are lucky you can fit 2 people with luggage and the rooms are old a and bathtub had tape on it...broken.  Not worth the money they charge...a hostile is much better.,Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or440-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","terrible, do not book !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!","very dirty hotel, old furniture doesnt cost  any money to stay there... terrible hotel, breakfast e.t.g. only location is good, close to buss station and tube staff are frendly",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or440-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean,"We planned our trip to London for NYE 2010, we had only had a small budget and just wanted a clean room to put down our heads at the end of the night as we weren't planning on staying in and The Ascot matched this expectation. It is very basic and in desperate need of a refurb but we found the staff were very helpful & friendly, if your looking for nice decor and comfortable rooms this probably isn't for you.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or440-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous!!!!!,"I'm not normally one to complain but........the hotel is nothing like the website, we had booked a family room and were given a tiny room that had a double and a single squashed together in it, no way of getting in or out of the double bed. it also had a KITCHEN UNIT in the room which took up all the spare space!  Breakfast was something else, basically a room in the cellar that had a toaster, a covered pool table and a few tables and chairs, you were expected to make your own toast, and given the lavish choices of hard boiled egg or plastic cheese to put on it.  There were no plates, or cutlery available so we had to search for those and there was a cue.  There were a lot of foreign visitors in the hotel and I would have been ashamed to be English had it not been for the the…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or440-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and perfect position!,"It's a very small hotel at 2 min walking from Paddington subway station that is the start stop to Heatrow Airport. Room is small, bed are not so confortable but the bath is in there and the price is cheap to be London! So close to the subway. If u dont care about the inside location and just think about a base. Its your hotel. Reception people arent kind and they want u to pay when arrive!",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or445-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","better go to hostel, then stay in ascot!!!","Dirty, noisy,  uncomfortable. The staff is ""clever"" and friendly. there is a ""lovely"" pakistanian or indian music at breafast,  the food is  vegeterian(no meat) at all. P.S. DO NOT GO THERE!!!",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or445-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",There are no words to describe how dire this hotel is...,"This hotel is shocking at best.    I stayed for a three day weekend with a friend, we arrived at about 1:00pm, to be told our room wasn't ready and we would have to wait until 2:00pm, so we checked in and payed our balance to the member of staff at the reception desk and went to get some lunch. We returned at about 1:45pm, the same lady who had taken our money was sitting at the reception desk, but didn't seem to recognise us or recall that we had been there less than an hour before, or that we had already payed the money we owed on our bill.   We were then told our room was in a seperate building and were led by the cleaning staff to a building next door, we were then told that our room was ""Up, up, up."" by the cleaning staff who promptly walked away.   My friend and I then…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or445-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",It is worse than a hostel!! £50 pound a night is a joke!,Me and my partner went to london for a weekend away we looked on the internet at nice cheap places to stay and we found the ascot the pictures all looked reasonable for £50 pound a night so we booked it. We got there booked in and went to our room first impressions of people and place were awful you could tell it was a dump! 1st problem telly didnt even turn on! so we moved rooms and the guy on reception said we wasn't aloud so my partner persuaded him. what a cheek!  2nd room a little better but there was no plug in the bath and only 1 button that work on the. the bed was sooo springy! it was worse than a hostel!!  £50 pound a night is a joke!!!,Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or445-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I'd rather spend the night on a park bench!!,"On my way home from a night at this hotel and boy did I enjoy checking out.  Where to start....... I'll keep it brief.  This hotel is a hole. Our room was like an extension to the London Dungeon tour, damp, smelly and filthy. The torn carpet was last hoovered during the 80's, the ceiling covered in damp pathes and the walls not threatened with a paint brush this side of the millennium.  Please do not waste your hard earned cash on a room here, spend a little more for a hotel that you dont have to sleep fully clothed for fear of catching something.  It is that bad. I wouldn't even send my mother-in-law here!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or445-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK HERE!!!!!!!!!!,"This place is an absolute joke and we knew on arrival we had made a big mistake. The reception is an untidy cluttered desk area, on finally arriving at our room ( the lift only goes 1 floor) we found it to a very poor standard.  No catch on the window, No plug in the sink, A smelly mouldy shower curtain, and the tv is on a bracket ten feet up the wall!  We without question gave the continental breakfast a wide berth and instead ate elsewhere in London.  Save your money and choose somewhere other than this place!!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or450-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"Do not book this hotel is is advertised as a 3 star with agent called Easyto book.com, it is similar to a squat, rooms are filthy, reception is filthy we did not even get into the beds as we left that evening, no proper locks on doors, emergency exits blocked with bags of laundry, rubbish its a disgrace.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or450-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",How can they charge good money for this 'All Expenses spared' hovel?,"My boyfriend booked our weekend without using tripadvisor.com - first mistake!! The pics and location looked good and the name of the hotel sounds very grand.... Well, on entering reception we knew we were in trouble. Boxes everywhere, tatty walls and carpet and a lift out of the dark ages. Receptionist constantly on personal phone calls. We were told we were lucky with our room as 'at least you have the lift' - the other building doesn't get that luxury apparently! The room was small, dingy and all-expenses spared. Handles hanging off cupboards and draws, no stool at the 'dressing table', no milk for the coffee on day 2, bathroom door stuck on the floor, mouldy shower curtain which we dismantled and turned to face out for our own well-being. Tap came off in our hands, no…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or450-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",avoid it like plague,"very shoddy.  picture in the trip advisor must be very old - lift is a death trap, stairs are too narrow and winding, rooms are filthy.  toilet is needing a clean.  tiles were broken, tap does not work, kettle's bottom is peeling - needs a replacement.  I had to wait 2 days to get a replacement - only when I insisted that i am not leaving the frontdesk without it.  unfortunately we have made reservation on line so if we do not proceed with the stay we will be penalised 1 day stay which is not exactly cheap.   beds are worn, i can feel the springs on my back, musty smelling too",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or450-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","old and dirty hotel, only for desperate people","The hotel was in a very bad contition, dirty carpets, very small rooms, broken stuff in toilet and an ungly space for breakfast without heating. More site photos display an other hotel maby. There was a very small lobby beside to the front desk without chairs. Location was good near by underground station.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or450-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",I felt deceided,"The condition of the hotel was terrible and gave me the sense of complete abandonement. The personel was indiferrent, the breakfast room was on the basement and there was no heating there. The rooms, besides the bad condition of the walls, windows etc, had no space to move. Finally,  to be fair, the beds and tha bathroom were clean but this is not enough for a 3star hotel.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or455-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","this ""hotel"" should not even be ranked",worst hotel i have EVER seen.  i would not even take a dump there.  i dont know how it is still runs.  it breaks all health and safety regulations.  I can't beleive i lasted 4 nights there.  the staff dont want to deal with you or anyone.  breakfast is a joke.  blowing up this hotel (with the staff inside) would be doing it a favour.,Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or455-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't ever go !!,"Poor hotel . Very bad rooms ,  Walls  etc were awful not painted , does not look anything like fotos I assure u . Reception staff are awful , non polite , only good thing was price and I can see why now , good location as far as fast food goes and London underground access and is right nxt to paddington station .",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or455-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!,"Well, what can I say? I beg you, don't book here, please don't give these owners any money to keep this pit open! I can honestly say that although the purpose of our stay was pleasure (which included going to a show and a concert), the hotel really let our overall experience down.  It was filthy, smelly, run down! Everything in our room was broken, there was barely enough room for me and my Husband to walk around the bed! We couldn't close the bathroom door - it was broke, the hairdryer broke!, tv - broke, window broke!, shower - broke! No wardrobe, no cups for tea, no milk ! But guess what there is a washing machine and cooker ! ??? Don't bother with breakfast - unless you like cold hard bolied eggs with a slab of cheese! and again no cups for tea or coffee either!  The only…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or455-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",took one look and checked out,"i was bringing my elderly mother for a weekend to London, i booked this hotel we went in it looked nothing like the website, the man at reception was not nice at all we were told to take it or leave it,we went up to the room it was too small it looked like something from the dark ages big stain on the ceiling the carpet had not been hovered a light switch broken on the wall, toilet was dirty, 2 single bed crammed into room i checked out and stayed in a hotel down the road which was much better",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or455-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Never stay here, never beleive them!","This hotel is NOTHING like its website.  It is not clean, does not have the facilities it promotes (i.e. no wireless in our room, no telephone in the room, no lift in the part we stayed in,.........) The shower was broken, the floors dirty......... the breakfast was served on the pool table in the underground bar.   Our friend was to stay there too, and as she is a wheelchair user emialed and rang to make sure tehy were accessible.  They confirmed tehy are - but that is not true at all.  Stairs evereywhere and no accessible rooms. So she was left stranded in london with no accommodation.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or460-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",If a bomb fell on this hotel it would be an improvement!,"This is by far the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.  On arrival we were given room 305, we went to the door unlocked it and the door fell off it's hindges.  The room was tiny and unpleasant so we complained and got given room 107 instead.  Room 107 or 1_7 as the zero was missing looked slightly better and bigger.  The furniture was worn and the phone didn't work but it was only for one night so we thought we could cope with that.  After using the toilet there was a funny noise, after a few minutes we realised sewerage was coming up the bath which was very unpleasant.  We managed to get rid of this and left the room to go out for the evening.  On our return we realised that our things had been moved and the room had a very strange smell, the floor also seemed strangely damp. …",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or460-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there!,"Our group arrived to Ascot at 9 p.m. We we tired and wanted to go to the rooms rightaway. We had booked 3 rooms, but they didn't have 3 rooms for us. Peter, who was in the reception, was very unfriendly. He called a taxi for two of us and they had to go to another hotel for one night! We still (we didn't have all of our rooms) had to pay our stay rightaway but Peter couldn't give me a receipt! He told me that he will get it to me at the same night but I had to ask for it three times until I got it!  The rooms (quarter-room and room for two) were small and quite dirty. The shower was ok. The breakfast was in the basement and the room was very small. The staff was very unfriendly, they didn't even say Good morning or anything, they didn't even smile!!! Breakfast was basic and the…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or460-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",O.K.,"I had read the reviews before I booked and was expecting the worst but all I needed was a hotel  near to Paddington station for one night. The room was small, basic and the decor was a bit shabby but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. There was a small wardrobe, television, hairdryer and you could make tea and coffee. The bathroom’s decor was also a bit shabby but was clean and the shower was fine although the hot water had to be run for a couple of minutes to warm up. The staff were friendly and helpful. I didn’t eat breakfast as I wanted something more substantial so I can not comment on it. If you intend spending a lot of time in your hotel room this isn’t the hotel I would choose but if all you need is a bed and shower for the night then for under £50 in central…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or460-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,"Myself and a colleague checked into this hotel for 3 nights on  buisness. The hotel is terrible - it is in a very poor state of repair with broken tiles on the floor of both of our bathrooms and exposed electrical wires coming out of the switch in my room. The bath tap came of in my colleagues hand and my shower smelt very bad, My ""double"" room had barely enough space to walk around it and the cupboard door could not open fully as the room was so small. My colleagues window was right next to an external fire escape staircase so she could not leave her window open at night as it would have been very easy for an intruder to enter. Many of the fire escapes were partially bloked with rubbish or furniture and one did not close properly. The hairdryer fused straight away. The lift was…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or460-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor condition of room and hotel. Fancy pictures at internet are misleading,"Never been in such a poor condition hotel. Window panels were in very poor condition. Toilet/ bathroom in very bad condition. Bed made our backs hurt (I´m having some spinal issues and my wife was bregnant). Web page pictures are really misleading as well as mentioning of bar and nightclub.  Can not recommend, not when price is at that level.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or465-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel we've ever stayed in,"From the moment we checked in and the chap at reception didn't end his mobile phone conversation while he gave us our key we knew we were in for an 'interesting' stay. He didn't even tell us which way to go to our rooms. The room was too small for the two beds that were squashed into it., the furniture was really shabby, with torn fabric on the beds, and it was desperately in need of decoration. The bathroom was clean.  We didn't dare to venture down into the basement for breakfast, so we went to Garfunkel's across the road. This is without question the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or465-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Poor staff, poor rooms","Tiny,worn,cold ugly rooms. No shower one morning. Staff wasn't present when needed roomkey. And we where the lucky ones. Our friends lived directly above the underground, and didn't get much sleep. Uncozy restaurant, with a boring, dull breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or465-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fancy sleeping in a badly fitted kitchen?,"No, me neither but that, unfortunately, is where you might end up if you book a stay in the Ascot hotel.  When I arrived I was checked in and given a key to a room on the second floor only to find it had someone elses belongings inside. Returning to reception the guy behind the desk says ""someone else in that one is there?"" as if it's a fairly normal occurrence.   The vacant room I was next given (which is out of the hotel, down the street and above a restaurant) feels more like a halfway house than a hotel. Unlocked door from the street into a scruffy hallway, room numbers scrawled onto the doors in pen, and a room best described as a badly fitted kitchen with a double bed in it. To be fair it had a nice, new looking ensuite bathroom but that really is the only positive.   The…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or465-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,"Well, where should I start. I really should have read the other reviews on Trip Advisor before I booked, but like the others, I was impressed with their website, photos and thought I'd got a last minute bargain. On checking in we were taken out of the hotel and down the road, to a door above a restaurant with no lock on it, up to an ""apartment"". Very poorly decorated, no plugs in the bath or basin, no shower curtain, TV didn't work properly, wardrobe had a few high street store plastic hangers, but nothing else. The beds however had clean linen and towels, but that was probably the only positive thing about the place. The worst thing of all, was the overwhelming smell of gas from the boiler - we really feared that we may not awake in the morning! Only my husband bothered to go…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or465-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from here!,"Must warn against staying in this hotel. Even though London hotels are generally not cheap, it is outrageous to pay these prices for the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel. They have started renovating some of the rooms but even then the windows are leaky so that the room is freezing cold, hairdryer doesn’t work, no kettle, unfriendly staff at the very meager breakfast buffett which included toast and burned coffee. The older rooms are a complete disaster with stripped wallpaper, old beds and sheets that look like they have seen at least two decades. We changed our room three times during our 6-day stay, would never go back to this hotel and warn anyone against it!",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or470-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap hotel , but clean","The staff looks like they wish they were another place. No intress in the customers. Need new painting , new tails in the bath , and a new breakfastroom. but... Clean sheets all days , clean towels and cleaning was ok....Could been worse..  If I want to stay in a 5 star hotell , I'll book that , but for a couple of nights for a cheap price in London???this is ok , close too Oxford street and other things..",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or470-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommended.........that you stay somewhere else!,"Ok the positive stuff first:  Location: Really couldn't be better. Come straight out of Paddington station and you are there:  Price:  You really can't grumble at 35 Quid.  Now the negative:  Staff: Strangely disinterested service. At first I thought it was me, but then read these reviews and see that the staff are disinterested with all their guests.I'd booked online a couple of hours earlier but they didn't seem to have a record of my booking on a computer. Instead they just had a stack of paper they needed to rummage through first before they found my booking.  Room: I was escorted back out of the hotel onto the street to get to the ""Annex"". The single door a bit down the road look like you were entering  someone's flat! Immediately as you walked in there was a smell of gas.…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or470-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget stay and good night's sleep,"it was clean but tatty but we overlooked that as it wasn't expensive. staff were friendly & helpful. breakfast was a bit irritating because the room was small & there weren't enough tables & chairs to go around. The continental breakfast was perfectly fine though. if you leave your luggage they charge you, we left a suitcase and was charged £5. don't know if  that is reasonable for london or not?  we'd recommend it for the price you pay.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or470-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely awful, and breakfast in the basement, disgusting!!","""We were absolutely disgusted at paying £230 for a family room which had a double bed and 2 singles bed crammed into a small space.  Ugly polyfiller filling cracks in walls and then left.  Bathroom needed a revamp, cracked tiles but worst of all no hot water when we woke in the morning and to cap it all we were unable to fill the sink for a wash by using kettle water because there was no plug to put into the sink.  We did not stay in the room for longer than we had to.  Plus broken window which had to be wedged open all night, if we had children that were not sensible they could have climbed on the side and jumped out of the window which was on the 4th floor.  Reception was the smallest reception you have every seen and they wanted to charge us to keep our bags in the day whilst…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or470-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",a disgrace it should be knocked down,"this hotel is the worst ive stayed in for a start nothing like the pics on the web its smelly rundown, dirty, in bits. we had to change rooms as the room had half a kitchen in a box room with walls that were black from a leak,tiles broke,no hot water, smelly carpet,rude staff we booked out earlier than planned. the fire escapes where blocked on all floors by broken beds and mattresses. the bar in the basement you wouldn drink or eat in it!!!!! **********DO NOT STAY HERE IT SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN BY                           ENVIRONMENTAL    HEALTH***********!!!!!!!!!!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or475-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",do not stay here,"First night put us in room two doors away in no.09a bed up against window to keep it shut .main frontdoor open 24/7.next night put in main hotel 10 floors up lift only go's up one floor.breakfast if you are lucky you will get a table but you must tell the staff it is there job to clean the table before you eat at it.As they told me to clean someone elses mess.people stood round eating there breakfast where they stood.It was a free for all,nothing like pictures on web site.Good job we was only there 3nights.very cold in room asked to put heating on but they did not. came home with cold.",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or475-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",VILE,"Room needed decorating, walls were stripped of wallpaper and dirty, the chest of drawers was stripped of varnish, one cup was cracked beyond repair, one drinking glass was  broken at the rim.  There was no hot water, no plug in the sink, no water pressure anyway, water just went down the hole in the sink.  Great big hole in the bathroom door.  A no smoking hotel which very clearly smelled of cigarette smoke everywhere.  Window opened straight out on to the fire escape. One bed was very sqeaky.  Breakfast area too small for the amount of guests, people were eating standing up, tables not cleared away quickly. Very noisy until small hours.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or475-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, Scumbag Hotel","I'm a flight attendant and have traveled all over the world for 35 years.  This is the worst hotel I've ever encountered.  Wet plaster fallen down because of a leak in the ceiling, smelled like dead mice, dirty-torn carpet, the bars missing from the towel holder and toilet paper holder, no sink or tub plugs, almost every tile in the bathroom broken, 2 springs sticking up in my mattress!!!  We had prepaid through an online booking company and they wouldn't give us our money back so were stuck here for 4 nights!  Yuck, yuck, yuck!  They ONLY good thing was that we didn't get bedbug bites!  Oh, the phone didn't work either!",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or475-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Could somebody please pull down this facility!,"My worst experience ever. This is not a hotel - this is a crime! Dirt everywhere, bad smell, defective door locks, indifferent staff, no phone in the room as explained on their website, mould in the bathroom, minimum water pressure makes it difficult to take a shower, worn carpets  with holes, terrible smell out of the tub plug hole. In the beds with the ancient saggy mattresses you have to expect to get seasick. When you check in they want to get paid in advance - once you have seen your room you know why. SERIOUS WARNING: Don't stay there!",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or475-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,"It's horrible.  I do not recommend to any of my enemies to accomodate at Ascot Hyde Park in London. Is the most horrible hotel that I ever state: old furniture, broken and dirty carpet, bad smell everywhere. The restaurant is in a basement, in the small place , the furniture is jammed in the first world war:  old furniture, with  chairs and tablesbroken. Tables are covered with faces of plastic (vinyl) material. Do not ever never accommodated here - better sleep in Hyde Park which is close.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or480-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience  in 40 years of travel,"I booked this hotel first for a one night stay and then for an additional stay of three nights the following week.  The first night was passable but the kettle and hairdryer  did not work.  The bad part came the following week.  Instead of the hotel I was offered a ""basic room"" in the annex because supposedly there was water damage in my room. This annex room is smaller than a jail cell.  A bed a chair.  That is it.  No bedside table(no room) no mirror. no bath, shower toilet or sink.  For that you have to climb up twenty wobbly steps. The lock is so flimsy anyone could open the door with a hairpin or crdit card.  the building shakes and rumbles from the tube line under the street.  I didn't have nightmares, because I couldn't sleep.  Pay a bit more and don't ruin your vacation…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or480-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stai here,"This hotel need a make over,  animals in the room , old beeds ,no telli thas woorks , no sitings for breakfast me and my kids ware eating on the legs ,  dont stay here  for normenn ikke bo her   the staff in the hotel promise things the dont hold  photos on internett are old and some one have made a macover on them",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or480-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",like a tent in the desert,it's a shame to call this trash building hotel.the word dirty is a complement.we felt likr in a prisoners' camp in the sahara desert.don't even try to step inside.the prisoners will cheat you.run away as fast as you can.sad to say i'm trapped in this cage right now,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or480-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and rundown but does the job,"I stayed at the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel for 5 nights in May 2009 with some family members.  I booked a single room but after one night paid extra and transferred to a twin.  The single rooms are tiny as are the shower and bathroom in them.  The twins have more space and are better located in the hotel.  There is a lot of people, road and tube noise because of its location.  This hotel is cheap by London standards, so you should expect that the hotel is very old and rundown, however, we found the staff more than helpful as we changed a couple of the rooms - nothing was too much trouble.  Location wise - it is perfect  - everything you need is very close by.  You are paying 2 star prices, so don't expect a 5 star experience.",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or480-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here!!!!! Its Terrible,"After winning some money at a tvshow, I descided to treat myself, my boyfriend, my litlesister and my litlebrother a trip to London!!! I booked this hotel before I came, because it look like a OK hotel on the webpage.  WELL.... When I came, we had to pay for both rooms, and all three nights before we got to see the rooms. BAD MISTAKE. The rooms was in another building. So we had to go outside again and a few meters down the street, and then through another door. I started to get nervous. My brother (who works in the police) was very shocked over that we had to go out of the hotel, and in another door to get to our rooms.. It wasent very safe! The rooms was on the 5th floor, and there was no lift. The rooms was terrible. The bath was diry, the beds where dirty, we could'nt close…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or485-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",do not pay in full online for this 'hotel',"i paid in full online for this hotel and wish i hadnt. booked it because the pictures looked promising and there was a lift to every floor, the main selling point for me as i have arthritis. when we got there my daughter and i were shown to a separate building two doors away. the room we were given looked like staff or dss accomodation as i have never stayed in a hotel before that had one wall taken up with work top fitted cooker and washing machine!!. it was a small room the whole floor space taken up with a double bed. the shower looked clean but when i used it the shower filled up with water because the drain was blocked, with what, i tried not to think about it. my daughter chose not to shower. the inner door lock was very flimsy and the outer door was open and unattended…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or485-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",THIS IS A REALLY CRAPPY HOTEL - DO NOT GO THERE,"My family and I were at this hotel for a week in march 09 - i had booked a family room - the first room i was shown was a normal double room with 2 extra beds dumped in front of the wardrobe so that this could not be opened - I asked for another room  and was offered one on the 5th floor which was not accessible by a lift - there was some more space at the expense of furniture as even the phone was on the floor as no table would fit between the beds - very bare room, with broken tiles in the bathroom which cracked when you walked on them, a handtowel rail which kept coming off the wall, tv remote not working..... on protesting i was told that this is what they have and as this was one of the very few hotels which still had some rooms left over the easter period, i had no choice…",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or485-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Special Offer price was very good value for money,"Excellent value, in a central location on bus and tube routes, with an acceptable level of service.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or485-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",What can I say...it was cheap,"This place was dismal. The rooms were dirty and dusty. The linens were clean, however stacked in dirty closets or in piles on the floor. The staff were rather dismissive and 'hung out' rather than worked. The location was quite good though, and it was only about 45 pounds a night. Oh yeah, don't have the breakfast.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or485-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Please avoid at All Cost,"Due to an unrefundable booking through a travel agent we were compelled to stay 3 nights in one of their ""new"" 2 bedroom flats. Space prevents a full description of the horrors. Basic facilities were missing or broke down, the staff were generally indifferent, the bar/breakfast room  was insanitary, one can hear and feel the arrival of trains at the nearby Tube Station etc etc. The website is completely misleading, it is best described as a low level backpackers hostel.",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or490-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","We stayed at the Ascot for 2 nights in February and were extremely grateful it was only for 2 nights.   As mentioned in previous reviews, there was no-one at the desk when we arrived. He was actually outside having a cigarette and had decided not to follow us in. This was a common theme. Either that or there would be a few members of staff at the desk who had just decided to ignore you.   Our room was not ready but we were advised that they had a ""luggage room"" available if we wished to leave our bags - this turned out to be a cupboard in the dining room that anyone could have access to and was piled high with bags and suitcases.  The hotel itself is pretty grim. As also previously mentioned there is a peculiar smell in the entire building that they have attempted to mask with…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or490-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not Stay there...,"We stayed in this hotel for a week in January. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the location. It is located next to Paddington Station (easy access to any place in London). The breakfast was poor, everyday the same and it was hard to find a free table to sit. The tiny room looked very old although it was cleaned everyday. There was a specific bad smell.  It was the worst hotel experience for me.  If you are looking for a budget trip and your main request is the location you can try this hotel, but in any other case you will be dissapointed!",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or490-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,Please avoid this hotel for any reason. It might be a cheap hotel but it is filthy. I am really wondering what has been recently renovated in this hotel as it is mentioned in many websites!  Maybe the elevator? And you can hear the tube crossing under the hotel every few minutes. Do not visit this hotel!!!,Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or490-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sunny London,"I come to London often and this time I needed to find hotel in center of London for good price. I know that 2 and 3 stars hotels in center arent that great but mostly they serve you simple service and if you dont need much more than just that, its pretty fine because for what you pay here really is the fact that you are in center.  I have booked this hotel straightly on their website. Even though I have read bad reviews here, I liked the pics on the website and as I didnt look for anything special I gave it a chance.  Hotel is situated just next to Paddington station, so its very easy to reach. I have to say that hotel looks very well from outside, also the restaurant downstairs looked fine even though I didnt go there. But usually it was empty there. Inside of the hotel doesnt…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or490-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Glad it was just a night!,"Stayed here after traveling back from America to get some rest before an onward train journey the following morning. Location is good as it is right next to Paddington Station. However I'm glad my stay was just a night! Stayed in a room with two singles, the room was cramped, bed was small and I could feel the springs. Did not get a great night sleep and I could hear the elevator all night. Like other reviews have mentioned: mould around the window and bottom of walls, mould in bathroom, etc. Hotel had free Wi-Fi but it didn't work. From what the room was like I didn't bother with the free breakfast.  I have had a better night sleep in a Hostels bed!  For people staying looking at staying here while on holiday: Look else where, don't get drawn in by the cheap price tag!",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or495-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hated this hotel,"Stayed here for a christmas break with the family. It is the Hotel from Hell. The staff slept in room 210 and didnt keep quiet until well after 3.00am.. we were in room 209 - therefore we got no sleep. Thankfully we were only there 2 nights (I couldnt have stayed any longer). My hands were sore from banging the wall so much to get them to shut up but all for nothing, they merely ignored my pleas to get some sleep!!!  The rooms were small and dark & very smelly.  (plug in air freshners everywhere to try and mask it) carpet ripped in several places. Stairs dangerous and there was definitely staff smoking in the hotel. It is very run down.  Sink had no water pressure or plug so it didnt matter much about the water pressure as you couldnt use the sink anyway. Had to take a shower…",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or495-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst room in Western Europe!!!,"DO NOT GO THERE! THESE REVIEWS ARE TRUE! PAY 10 MORE BUCKS AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!  I can not believe that there is Hotels like this in Western Europe.  I have travelled in Russia, South America, Asia etc..Actually the room in Ascot Hotel was worst and dirtiest I have ever seen in any hotel.  I did read this and saw some bad pictures of the rooms and before I booked this hotel online I knew that it was not luxury, average or bad hotel. But it was worst than bad. I don´t know what is the best english word to describe it. Maybe horrible, disgusting, sick, growse, and dangerous together.  There was nobody in the front desk when I walked in to the hotel. Few people walked in and just picked up their keys behind the desk. I waited there about 20minutes until the clerk walked in like…",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or495-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"I rue the day I ever heard of the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel.  It is a filthy, disgusting hole, and not fit for human habitation.  On my recent trip to the UK, I had the misfortune of booking a reservation in this pit; not knowing how horrible it actually was.  After seeing the room, and the hotel (I us this word very loosely), I immediately went elsewhere.  Yet because of their 72 hour cancellation policy, I was still charged for one night's stay.  Frankly, I had rather been charged for an entire week than stay in that hell hole!  Do not believe the lies that this place is anything but an open sewer waiting for you to toss in your money.",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or495-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Bad hotel, bad service! Beware!","I'll keep this review as brief and easy to read as possible. I am not simply looking for bad things to say about this hotel out of spite or anything, and have tried to come up with a few good points as well. Please note that I frequently use budget hotels when I travel as I spend very few time in the hotel itself, so my expectations were not that high. I certainly wasnt expecting the Ritz!  Bad:  Dont arrive before check-in time; you check your own bags, and they can be accessed by anybody.  Room not in the same building as reception. Were taken down the street to where our room was. Had to walk all of our luggage up 7 flights of stairs using a dark/narrow stairwell. Rooms seemed unsafe in this building. Was afraid someone would break in.  Rooms made you want to have your own…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or495-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it,"Well, let me start by saying terrible is not exactly appropriate but is the best fit given the choices.  However, it was pretty bad.  As one other reviewer wrote, the carpet  is in need of replacement (all over the hotel in my opinion).  The room we had was in need of an overall update as well.  However, everything worked. The rooms and common areas around the hotel were very small and/or narrow (not a surprise).  However, the hotel had additional beds stored in the hallway!  I shudder to think what would have happened had there been an emergency and the guests had to leave quickly.  I also noticed on the website that it says its lift goes to all floors.  Not correct.  We were on the 5th floor.  The lift only went to the 4th floor. Staff was okay and breakfast was sufficient.…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or500-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Well....,"I literally knew nothing about London when I booked this hotel and AFTER I booked it I read some reviews (stupid on my part). So right off the bat I was a little nervous.    Positives: Great location if you need to use the train to Heathrow or are planning on using the tube. It is literally a minute walk to either (Paddington Station). It is also a really quiet neighborhood as it is mostly residential. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk to Hyde Park. I thought the staff was quite helpful and nice. We booked a double but ended up with a triple (one queen and one single) and payed the double rate. Free breakfast, which wasn't amazing but it definitely saved us some mula. London is expensive!  There is an internet place a few doors down.  Negatives: Lets face it, its an old moldy…",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or500-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hated every second,This was the worst hotel We have ever stayed in. Do yourselves a favour and upgrade a bit. What a dump. If this was the last hotel in London I'd rather sleep in the gutter.,Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or500-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",If I Could Turn Back Time...,"This was the absolute worst and most atrocious hotel that I have ever stayed in. It was literally frightening. I booked a “family room” package, which consisted of two rooms on the same floor in close proximity. I did this because I was told by hotels.com that it was forbidden to have more than two people per room for security reasons. Upon arriving at the hotel, I discovered that I was given one room that was supposed to house four people (a “quad room”). The room was absolutely horrifying: no lock on the door, dirty soaps stacked for new use (I found a hair on one of them), no toilet paper holder, light switches that didn’t work, a wall heater that was precariously dangling at a 45 degree angle until it finally fell off, 4 gaping holes in the wall, a dirty shower,…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or500-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"We stayed for three nights and we didn´t  expect a five star hotel. The location was perfect near Paddington station. It was cheap, the room was clean and everything was in working order. The breakfast was served next door and was generous, just missed a cup of tea- it was not included. If you have high expectations you will be disappointed. You can´t expect moore for this kind of money in London. We were quite happy with our stay and we would stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or500-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Enter!!!!!!!!,"never again!!!! the worst hotel on the planet. the ceiling came down on top of my husband, had to go up the street for your breakfast.  was the most dirty smelly place ever. it needs pulled down please never stay here please this is not a joke.",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or505-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place on earth!!!!!!!! would have rather slept rough!!!!!!!!,"This was truly the worst hotel i have EVER witnessed, DO NOT GO THERE!!! the carpet was filthy, the skirting boards were rotten, the bedding looked like a rug, the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was slanting and honestly did not have a single tile which was not cracked or dirty.  we bought our own cleaning products into the hotel after discovering that there were no other rooms available elsewhere- we checked the internet 5 minutes after being in the room! the people working at the desk were also unhelpful, informing us that we could not check in until 1.30pm, although their website states 1pm check in. the radiator in our room was hanging off the wall, and the stairs throughout the hotel felt as though they were caving in! we paid £72 a night to stay there, but they were…",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or505-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"I stayed in this hotel for two nights in April 2008. Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor I feared the worst. However, the hotels was much better than one would expect based on the reviews posted here. Given the fact that you are in London, the low rates (I payed about 50 pounds per night for a single room) and the excellent location, this is a very good choice. Contrary to the experiences of other reviewers, I did have (very) hot water, my room was rather small but fairly clean and  the staff was friendly and helpful. They had a locked luggage room and breakfast was simple indeed, but ok. In my opinion: good value for money, I would certainly recommend this hotel for a stay during a city trip if do not need a lot of luxury.",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or505-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",you couldn't male this up...horrible!,"Worst experience ever.  I moved to England from Canada and booked an amazing trip for my sister to come and visit.  One of our stops was London.. we booked this hotel after HOURS of flights/trains.  We got in at 10pm and were told they could not find our reservation! So, cheeky me, I pulled out a copy of it.  Then the VERY UNHELPFUL man at the reception desk says they are fully booked and cannot give me a room but will put me in his sister hotel and that a cab will take us there and everything would be explained to us.  We were literally pushed out of the hotel in the pouring rain and put in a cab.  The cab had no idea what was going on and nothing was explained.... after quite some time we were given the name/location as to where to go.  They didnt even play for the cab! And…",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or505-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I stayed at this hotel (which was recommended by the Travel Agent) for four nights following an organised tour of Europe.  The outside of the hotel looked fine but once I entered the narrow confines of the office and stairs, then everything changed.  The office staff were not helpful.  They watched behind the desk while I struggled with my suitcase.  I wasn't expecting them to assist me but it would've been nice for the glass door to be open!  The lift was really small and once I got to my room ...well that was even smaller!  There wasn't anywhere to put my suitcase, the bathroom badly needed upgrading and I was kept awake for most of the night because the constant trains travelling from Paddington train station.  Breakfast was provided in the cafe next door and on the last day…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or505-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",attention!,I was at The Ascot - Ascot hyde Park in London in Craven Road (and I'm sure that when i booked on line my journay the name was ASCOT HYDE PARK but now on tripadvisor.com there isn't anymore??? It means somethinhg???)in the middle of january 2008 for few days. The furnishing of the room was very very OLD STYLE.. the rooms are very very narrow and it was impossible to move. In the bathroom the ceiling and the wall was umid and come down.After a complain they gave us a just a bit better room... the same of the first one but without the ceiling that come down...in compensation the microscopic washbasin had two separate taps so you can decide or to burn otherwise to freeze your hands.. fortunately there isn't a bidet ;) Of positive there is that the hotel it's just a 3minutes walk…,Date of stay: January 2008,2.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or510-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed at,"This is, by far, the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, and I have travelled quite a bit.  Wallpaper peeling, smelly, depressing, non-working elevator, grungy carpets, unsuitable bathroom...the list could go on and on.  The only really pleasant thing about the place was the staff at the reception.",Date of stay: January 2005,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or510-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",cramped family,tatty facilities. Lift not working. Room not ready on arrival.Insufficient bedding. Missing plugs in bathroom. Toilet not flushing and on and on!!!!,Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or510-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad hotel...beware,"Really bad hotel, that has only one thing going for it...location right next to Paddington Station in Central London.  Hotel rooms are really shabby. Our room had a dresser with a missing drawer. The curtain on the big full length window was thin and torn, so that it wouldnt even close fully. The beds are really bad, and i think there are bed bugs in it too.   The room didnt have airconditioning, and didnt have a fan either.  We stayed there on the 22nd of Sep, and it was hot outside..we had to leave the big window open, which meant that it was very noisy...the hotel is on a busy street...there was loud traffic and people talking outside on the street, until 1am. The underground, runs under the hotel and every few minutes you can feel the rumble of the trains as they pass below…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or510-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",An unbelievably bad hotel! Five star it most definitely isn't!,"I stayed in this hotel with three mates, paying £79 for the night. It’s just around the corner from Paddington station and underground. Right, that’s the good bits out of the way!  This hotel is unbelievable and was an experience that’s for sure. It reminded me of the London hotel featured in the film “National Lampoon’s European Vacation.” The staff are friendly enough so not completely the same!. On this day, the lift - surely the slowest of its kind - was working but don’t expect to get much in it as it’s incredibly small. A supermodel would find it claustrophic.  The room itself consisted of one double and two single beds, all of whom I’m sure were first used by Florence Nightingale! The beds also came with a thick carpet that I think was meant to be a bed cover. Possible…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or510-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here,"My brother booked this hotel months ago as we (there were eight members of my family) had to be sure that we had somewhere to stay the night before the London Marathon. When we arrived in the morning our first impressions were not good, very small and shabby, painted over peeling wallpaper, a strong musty smell which was almost overpowered by the smell of new paint. However, we were only staying for one night, it was just somewhere to sleep, it was relatively cheap so what did we expect! We told the receptionist who we were and she allowed us to leave our bags and off we went for the day.  After a lovely day we went back to the hotel and it was then that things started to go wrong. The receptionist, the same one from earlier, explained that there was no hot water on the fourth…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or515-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","If you llike hot water, stay somewhere else","We searched for budget hotels in this area because we had stayed in the area before.  We're pretty active, so only planned on being in the room to sleep and clean up.  Good points: 1)It was clean. 2) The front desk staff was very nice.  3)  We had our own bathroom.  4) Great location next to Paddington Station and tube.  Bad points:  1)We had twin beds that the staff kept pulling apart.  2) I had one hot shower in the 4 nights we stayed there.  We tried at 7am, 4pm, 12am, and 3am but to no avail.  We even had to sit down to shower because the handheld shower nozzle had nothing to hang it from on the wall.  The desk staff was ""working on it"".  3)  It was very noisy.  Bunch of foreign kids running up and down the stairs.  You could hear drunk folks leaving the bar on the corner…",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or515-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here. It is BAD!!!,"We booked this hotel for a 5 day stay. When we checked up on the address two days before we were due to arrive we noticed all the negative reviews for this hotel. I phoned them up and they ensured me that none of them were true and they had totally renoveted the hotel. There were no ladders in corridors etc, everything was in order. We arrived at the hotel at 1745 on a Friday evening and asked to see the room. It was then that our fears were realised. On they way upstairs we passed a portable electricheater in the foyer with a leg missingand all lopsided, loose wires in the stairway and loose carpet on the stairs. We got to the room, via a dark corridor as there were no bulbs in the lights after passing ladders and fire doors wedged open. The door was very flimsy with gaps…",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or515-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don´t stay here!!,We stayed for 3 nights and we are never coming back!!! 3 light-bulbs were out. The shower hose was mended with tape so most of the water leaked out there. The radiator was hot and sounded like an entire rhythm-orchestra in the middle of the night. You could flush the toilet once in the morning and then again in the evening due to bad water pressure. We wrote a note with our complaints and presented it to the man in the reception and he promised to fix it. But nothing happened! ,Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or515-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not like what i read in the other reviews,"i spent three nice nights in that hotel, staff are friendly and helpfull, they have done new renovations i can tell, it was not as i was terrified by the previous reviews. I recomend it, nice location and good budget hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or515-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I expected,"I booked at the Glendale Hotel (which is nearby) but when i arrived they told me the Glendale was full... and that I can stay at the Ascot for the same price. He informed me that the Ascot is way better. So i walked to Ascot which was a minute walk from Glendale, and it didnt look to bad outside. When i got to the floor of my room, i couldnt beleive it! The corridor was a mess - ladders, wallpaper hanging off, lightbulbs missing, and rags across the floor! I thought this cant be right - so I went back to reception and she told me that it wqas the correct floor! Well my room was rubbish - the curtain only came half way down so people across the road could see in the room. I thought it was clean in the room, but light switches didnt work properly - i had to tune in the TV, and i…",Date of stay: August 2006,2.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or520-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",diy in middle of night,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.   The first nights stay was horrendous, we finished shopping and collapsed in bed fast asleep only to be woken by hammering.  I got up to investigate to find that they were completing some diy in the middle of the night relacing a lock to an adjoining room !!!!  When I suggested that he stop immediately I was told he was carrying on.  The hammering went on for another 10 minutes then again half hour later I was speechless. Breakfast is served next door to the hotel so you get soaking wet in the morning just to have something to eat. After having a shower and washing your hair you then discover that the hair dryer doesnt work.  No one answers the telephone at reception.  The wallpaper has been peeled off the walls and not replaced…",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or520-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've stayed in,"I booked the hotel through [---] and it was at least easy to find and well located. End of good bit.  Place was filthy, and decorators' rubbish everywhere.  Room was dirty and wallpaper was peeling off walls, and in some places missing all together.  There were no curtains / blinds for the bathroom.  There was no plug for the bath or the sink.  The manager said they had damage due to a bath overflowing, so was disinterested and would not supply a plug even for sink - so had to use a ball of toilet paper to even wash my face in the sink.  Furniture was terrible - old, chipped, veneer pealing, stained etc.  Bed had no matress cover, so only a thin sheet over a badly stained and dirty matress.  I had a back room so at least it was quiet ",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or520-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","the place was a dump, dont go there","this place reminded me of faulty towers! the rooms were terrible and smelly, a gust of wind would have blown down the room door. take my advice and dont go there. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or520-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all that bad,"Just got back after 4 days at The Ascot, and I do believe we had a good stay. You get what you pay for; it's a cheap hotel in central London, what do you expect?!! We had a 3 person room and it was ok. It was clean, and we got new towels each day, the beds were made each day and the upkeep of the room was quite good. Only thing annoying was that one of the windows didn't close all the way, but it wasn't that cold, so no problem. The lift worked and the staff was really nice a very helpful... Not the entire hotel looked good, but then again, they are completing a renovation of the place… Breakfast was had at the next door restaurant, and quite good with plenty of food. Other reviews mentioned that the trash from the restaurant was just left outside on the street; that’s what they…",Date of stay: September 2006,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or520-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad...,"We (a group of 19 people) spent 3 nights at the Ascot...that is 3 people from our group had to stay at a nearby hotel as there were not enough rooms for all of us despite the fact that the trip was booked in June! The hotel staff were not too enthusiastic, quite friendly though. My room (4th floor) was ok, clean and quite comfortable. Some of my colleagues were not as fortunate and had to live with damp rooms and torn wallpaper. It looked as if the place was being renovated though. It is an ok place to stay as long as you just need a bed to sleep in. I would not go there with my family though.  The location is great, there is a tube station less than 200 metres away and lots of good places to eat & drink nearby. ",Date of stay: February 2006,2.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or525-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Beware!!! Do not mess your London visit by staying at the Ascot Hotel,"My friend and me went to London the past weekend. We had booked a hotel at the German hotel website hotel. We had boooked hotels with them before and every single one of them has been great. They offer good deals at reasonable prices.  We ended up booking the ""Ascot Hyde Park Hotel"" which was rated with 3 stars. The photos looked nice and we thought it was a great location close to Paddington and in walking distance to Hyde Park and Oxford Street! We went to the hotel website and it really looked ok for the price we paid. Unfortunately we did not do any further internet research - we really should have done so. Reading the reviews here only showed that other guests were treated just like us.  We arrived Friday night, we had booked late arrival. The hotel is only a short walk…",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or525-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"ok where do i start, the people that work in the front desk are rude and scary. its super small hotel. the elevator sounds like if its going to breakdown and it doesnt even open all the way!.on every floor it stinks and the walls are not even painted and its dirty. the beds sheets have holes from cigarettes. the bathrooms have holes in the walls and the shower is super small and dirty. they have no curtains on the windows and telephones anywhere only one phone which is at the front desk. the breakfast consists of coffee and bread with butter and jam thats it and oh yeah and very hot orange juice and they dont previde ice either. i was so happy that my trip was over so i can leave that hotel thats how bad it was. i will not recommend this hotel to no one i rather sleep in a car…",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or525-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dn Not Stay at This Hotel,"The worst hotel i have ever stayed in! I understand this is a budget hotel but to have water dripping through light fittings onto wet towels, open live plug sockets and blocked fire exits is unacceptable.Nearly £60 per room per night is way too much for a night in a hotel of this standard. the hotel has been reported to the authorities for its lack of fire safety.I did not book through this site so didnt check the reviews - i wish i had! ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or525-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",hotel management horrendous,"I have been staying at the Ascot Hotel for the past 3 months, I was quite happy with the accommodation, not the best in the world, but for a single working bloke staying there Monday to Friday OK and cheap. My problem is the management, they could not run a sweetie shop never mind a hotel. In the 3 months I have been there I have introduced 2 colleagues on 2 seperate occassions to this cheap accommodation only for the manager to inform them on arrival that he had overbooked, leaving them to have to find alternative accommodation on a Monday evening for the rest of that week. Even as I was checking out for the final time this morning 23/06/06 (because I have finally had enough) there was a family at reception being told that there was not a room available for them even though…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or525-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Should be condemned,"Reserved a room for 3 nights months beforehand.  Arrived late on a Thursday evening; 3 rooms were offered and were found totally unacceptable.  Problems ranged from missing fixtures with wires hanging out of the walls to fixtures with missing or burnt out bulbs.  The rooms and corridors were filthy.  There was no hot water and two of the rooms had missing faucets.  Tile was removed from many areas.  Sinks didn't drain; some leaked from the drain onto the floor.  There are many hotels around the corner from this place that are similarly priced, clean and comfortable.  I can't comment on the dining room since we left immediately.  The Ascot should be condemned. ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or530-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","Unbelievably, indescribably horrible","We were forced into accepting this hotel when a sleazy London hotel broker cancelled our reservations at another hotel 3 weeks before our group of 30 was scheduled to arrive.  He assured us the bad online reviews reflected a PREVIOUS owner, and that we would get delightful, refurbished rooms.  To be fair, our beds were clean, the furniture looked new, and there was fresh paint in the room and some hallways.  The front desk was always manned with a friendly person, and Paddington is just a block away. But what about:  1) The phone that's not connected 2) The shower that merely trickles 3) Having to walk up the last flight of stairs since the elevator doesn't go that far 4) The dingy breakfast room with help that barely speaks English, and which doesn't start service until 8 AM.…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or530-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We read the bad reviews here, but due to a  booking mixup were unable to secure other lodging within our budget at such short notice. We were traveling with a large group and couldn't be more selective about accommodations. The hotel manager assured us that they were renovating and promised us newly renovated rooms. To be fair, they were trying to fix the place up but it seemed largely cosmetic. There were plumbing, electrical and phone problems that just slapping up some paint wasn't going to help. The place was covered in paint and plaster dust, making it difficult to breathe even with the windows open. I got paint on all of my luggage and some clothing.  A check of their web site today revealed that they are still showing pictures that don't match what we saw and advertising…",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or530-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!!!,"The Ascot was ""undergoing renovations"" in which the walls were being painted, the fire alarm was accidently set off by staff numerous times, the fire exit on the fifth floor was blocked entirely, water leaking in the stairwells causing ceiling tiles to collapse. Horible water pressure in bathrooms. Everything about this hotel is less than satisfactory, the pictures they have displayed in their profile cannot be from this hotel. A youth hostel would be a much better, cleaner, safer choice. Stear clear of the ASCOT!!! ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or530-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"This is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in.... The only positive thing about it is its proximity to the Paddington Tube Station... The wall paper, hallways and rooms are disgusting. The bathroom was one of the worst I've ever seen and the whole place it's about falling apart... AVOID IT at all costs! ",Date of stay: May 2004,1.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or530-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",Health and Safety Should Inspect It.,"The Department of Health And Safety should inspect these premises, and see what horrors the proprietor is offering the Tourists of London, I booked this hotel on the basis of what I saw on the internet and i nearly cried when I saw what a hovel it actually was, I think the proprietor has a cheek to take the money out of anyones credit card before they see what they have actually booked into, it's because he knows no-one in their right mind would stay otherwise, PLEASE! IF YOU GO TO LONDON STAY WELL AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL! IF ONLY FOR YOUR HEALTH. ",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or535-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London","bad, worse...Hotel Ascot!","From outside this hotel looks quite OK but when you step inside... narrow entry, narrow dirty stairways, narrow dirty rooms. Hotel has lift but out of order all the time. Carpets and wallpapers are in miserable condition, think that windows are never cleaned, mildews all over. Bed was OK, but pillow and coverlet need urgend cleaning. Rooms to backside of Hotel are quiet. So called ""continental breakfast"" consist of toast, butter, jam, coffee and orange juice. Some positive items: staff is friendly and helpful. Bread and coffee is regulary replenished. The biggest advantage of this hotel is the close position to paddington train station and underground station and to busstop. I think all budget hotels in London are nearly the same. So spend more money on your accommodation and…",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1456783-Reviews-or535-Ascot_Hyde_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Ascot Hyde Park Hotel Reviews, London",We walked out,"This place should be closed down.We walked in and walked right out again.It is the worst hotel I have ever been in.The room was filthy,there was mould on the ceiling,the toilet was filthy.Avoid at all costs. Having come back from 2 weeks in india i have seen cleaner railway stations ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
