,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or0-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,I had a brilliant stay. The hotel was clean and in a very good location. The staff were pleasant and extremely helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would certainly stay here again in the future!,Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or0-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rory Howarth,"In serious need of health and safety upgrade,  Lamp holders on bedroom light fitting melting in front of my eyes, Electrical sockets hanging off walls, Extension leads overloaded . As for cleanliness Kim and Haggy need to take a visit.  Staff very friendly. Wont be staying again.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or0-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for location,Great location comfy beds we staying in family room number 10 which is up the top of the hotel was lovely and clean 2 singles and a double which was ideal for us the staff were lovely.  at 12am there was a vibrating noise that last for 2 hrs the first nite wasnt as bad the second nite no clue where it was comimg from so was annoying to sleep with   breakfast first day didn't have any juice with it but came hot and had plenty of milk and extras u have to ring down to reception and its brought to the room   i would stay again if coming 2 London,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or0-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",I wish I could give it 0/5,"I’m an assistance dog user, and as stated under the Equality Act 2010, a business cannot refuse us access unless there’s a serious health and safety concern. This includes supermarkets, shops, restaurants, hotels etc. Assistance dogs are permitted in all non-pet friendly areas unless there is a very exceptional circumstance. I carry with me a copy of the European Human Rights Commission Guide for Businesses which is a very simple and easy to read booklet explaining the rights and responsibilities of businesses under government law. It’s not an optional piece of guidance; it is LAW. This hotel left me stranded in London with no idea where I was and no place to stay because they believe they’re above the law. They refused to actually check the law itself regarding assistance dogs, and claimed that because there was no sticker on the door, they are allowed to refuse which in itself is ridiculous. This was more than a terrible stay, this was discrimination.   The lady at reception told her manager on the phone in front of me that I’m “obviously not blind” because I could read. This in itself is a misconception and prejudicial statement that visually impaired people aren’t able to read. Some Guide Dog users can read, and it doesn’t mean they don’t need to use a dog. However, I hadn’t claimed my dog was a guide dog - he mitigates a different disability and is equally as protected by law. She further told her manager I was a problem, and that because I was upset, I was creating a problem in her reception. She wouldn’t let me get a word in, and when my Mum phoned the hotel to check I was safe as I wasn’t answering my calls, she verbally abused her. I was directed to phone customer services, so I did, and she continued to shout at me whilst I was on the phone that she wasn’t accepting me no matter what anyone higher up told her. I couldn’t hear the people at customer services for her. I was shown a message from the manager about how pets aren’t allowed (again, my dog is not a pet), and below, there was a message stating that he was at a Christmas party and couldn’t speak to me. I’m glad he had his priorities right and was enjoying a Christmas party whilst I was stranded in an unfamiliar city.   I finally left on the basis that a customer service supervisor had promised to escalate my complaint and email me with a confirmation that he had done so. I am still waiting for that confirmation.  This isn’t the last they will hear of my complaint, as an assistance dog is an auxiliary aid protected by law to be accepted by all businesses regardless of whether they’re pet friendly or not. This is because we can’t function without the dog, who is specially trained to assist us. They aren’t just pets - they are medical aids, and regardless of whether this hotel believes they don’t have to comply to the law, they still shouldn’t be treating their customers with the absolute disgraceful attitude shown to me last night. It was suggested to me that I stay in the Hilton across the road instead - which was upwards of £1,000 per night. I’m a disabled student. I can barely afford to pay my bills never mind stay in a Hilton hotel. In the end, I missed my university interview as I was left with no choice but to return home.   The attitude of the staff is disgusting (even to other guests which I also witnessed). I can’t comment on the rooms as I never got to see them. I’m not even being given a refund despite them breaking the law.  Avoid this hotel at all costs. They have a disgusting attitude - don’t expect any respect when speaking to any of the staff - bad management, and they believe they’re above the law. I wish I could give them a lower rating. Never have I been treated with as little respect as I was here.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or0-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Return visit.,"My wife & I stayed here for a night last November and liked it so much I decided to book a room here again this time round.  I booked room 15, a triple room on the basement floor of the building. The room was decent and reasonably clean, a good size too. The way the shower cubicle was built into the room looked a bit funny to me but it worked wonderfully; I really enjoyed my morning shower. The bed was a bit squeaky at times during the night but nothing major.  The staff were really friendly and helpfully. My wife asked for a bit of milk for her tea, the receptionist happily brought her some of those little milk portions. For breakfast you have to dial reception when you're ready for it & it's brought to your room. Our breakfast was just 2 slices of toast with butter & jam and a carton of juice each; not a massive breakfast but an enjoyable one.  The Boston Hotel gives you what you pay for, a no frills room for the night with a basic breakfast. Both times I've been here I've been very happy with the experience. £60 for the night in Central London, within easy walking distance of Hyde Park/Marble Arch tube station & lots of good Lebanese restaurants, can't be bad.…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or5-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!!!,"The good thing about this hotel is the locaiton. That's where it ends. As I type this I am washing, and probably destroying, clothes on the hottest wash on my washing machine after having brought bed bugs home on the flight with me from the abysmal room I stayed in here. WHY is this hotel still in business after so many bad reviews?? The room was absolutely filthy, thick with dust and hair and the plugholes were full of hair from who the hell knows how many guests. I had to remove this myself, I was nearly sick.  The windows didn't have handles so I couldn't close them, the room stank of sweat or something...I don't mind old and tatty, but a clean room is BASIC. This place is an absolute health hazard, and by the way if you take bed bugs home and they lay eggs, you've got a nice…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or5-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",The WORST,"I've never been so shocked by the state of a hotel. The room was absolutely filthy. Thick with dust, coffee stains all over the walls, stains on the pillow cases. I had to remove a huge amount of hair from the bath plug and was retching it smelled so bad. Dirty bath math, bath itself caked in dirt, broken window that wouldn't even close. I am grateful that the mirrors were so filthy so I couldn't see how knackered I looked the day after a night in this hole. Looks charming online and from outside, that's where it ends. This hotel shouldn't even be allowed to do business.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or5-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Warning!!! AVOID,"This place is filthy, there was a half empty bottle of Coke in fridge in room that had mould on it, there was years old chewing gum walked into floor. Myself and my wife were itching from the second we arrived. €183 for two nights but we left after 20 minutes as we knew we wouldn’t get a wink of sleep in this pit The “receptionist” was in a vest and adidas tracksuit bottoms for god sake.  Had to pay an extra €366 for accommodation elsewhere and I’d do again. I’m a working class tradesman who earns an honest and average income so I’m not flush but it’s best €366 I’ve spent .",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or5-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel close to Hyde park,"I was dreading staying here after reading the reviews and almost cancelled but ended up pleasantly surprised.  Overall - ok rooms - close to Hyde park - good prices - good facilities in room (hairdryer, fan, fridge) - surfaces in room a little dirty   Would stay here again.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or5-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not the ritz but good for the price ,"We stayed here last night whilst being here for BST Festival. Although it’s a little dated the beds were clean, and the stay was pleasant! It’s not the ritz but for £129 for 3 adults to get our head down after a concert  it was spot on! Defo coming back whilst visiting",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or10-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap gets you the worst - make no mistake!,Never again will I naively assume that a low cost hotel will just be basic and will of course be clean and hygienic because The Boston Court Hotel proved that you will also get Dirty and dreadful. My mistake was not reading TA reviews before booking with Booking.com who's reviews were not that bad. I paid £66.60 and after an appeal direct to Booking.com's CEO I got a gesture of £30 refund but frankly the accommodation on offer was worth a charge of zero pounds as the following property features will attest to. This hotel is flouting cleanliness standards and you know what - the owners don't care as they're response to Booking.com to my complaint was denial of all points despite photos and pages and pages of detail about the appalling standards at the hotel.  Re room 9 on second…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or10-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS,"Of course we were not expecting a big and clean room, because of the low price. In a way the room is ok, although very small.  In the morning, we got bitten and even saw one bed bug (which means there were many in the room)  We told the receptionist who proposed to change the room. We didn't want to bring bed bugs to another hotel, so we accepted.   In the second room we also got bitten. The infestation has spread to the whole hotel.  We asked for a discount or a compensation, but they refused. They didn't even aswered to our e-mails.   As you know it is very difficult and expensive to remove bed bugs, so don't go to this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or10-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute bargain for a simple hotel,"Slightly confused by all the angry reviews on here, I usually stay at the raddison up the road and got fed up of paying daft London prices for a tiny dated room so thought I’d try somewhere cheap as it couldn’t be that much worse could it?!  So for a ridiculously low price I arrived and the guy was very friendly and said cause I patiently waited he’d give me the big room so I ended up with a double bed and a single having only paid for a single. The room itself was somewhat tired but similar to the raddison Portman in that sense. Facilities were all there and it did the job so for such a low price I was really surprised.  I will add the wiring did seem a bit odd and there was no English Channels on the tv, if the windows were closed a slight smell of smoke did seem to build up…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or10-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good for me as single bloke.,"I wanted somewhere that wasn’t going to blow a hole in my budget as a single bloke who just needed a bed to sleep in.   It was basic, had its own in the room shower cubical, sink, cupboard, tv and kettle etc... all packed in a smallish room with a single bed.  There were two shared toilets on the landing by my room, which were fine and I didn’t feel self conscious using them (I had packed my PJs 👍).    This place met my needs as I was able to do a few hours work at the room desk in peace, leave my belongings and safely nip out to catch an off the cuff show in Leicester Square (10 minutes by tube) and then nip to Oxford Circus the next day equally easily for work.   Key features I needed was that the room was clean, the bedding crisp and clean and there was a lovely welcome from…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or10-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel near oxford street,"Booked this hotel for 2 nights and honestly I don't know why all the negative comments. Its not a wow hotel but it did its job. Very cheap hotel with short walking distance to Oxford street. Room was clean, we had a mini fridge and also a televisions. We also had breakfast which consisted of te,orange juice and toast with butter and jam. It was perfect to start the day.  The only problem we had was that we could here all the noise from outside as the windows didn't shut properly.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or15-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never book,"This is is the absolute worst hotel we've been to. We had paid for a regular room but were forced to sleep in a disgusting room in the basement. The woman at the reception gave us the worst service and refused to let us speak to the manager or give us our money back. She said that breakfast is not included & that we do not have toilet in the room. When we showed her our booking and told her ''This does not match with our booking'' she replied ''I can not help or call the manager because he is sleeping now, go to your room''.   The 3rd and last day of our trip the manager was at the hotel. When we told him how we were treated and that we tried to contact him all the time. He agreed that the receptionist was wrong, but when we demanded compensation he said ""Do not do arab business…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or15-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely place to stay.,My wife and I stayed here the night of the 18th November.  Our room was really nice and clean and the bed very comfortable indeed. The ensuite bathroom was good too. The breakfast was delivered to our room; it was a nice breakfast of cereals and toast that was a good start to the day.  The price of £60 for both of us was a very good price indeed I think; it was definitely great value for money.  If and when my wife and I stay in London again I'll definitely be looking to stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or15-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting stay!,"On the 28th of December my partner and I stayed at the Boston court hotel only for the one night! As we arrived and opened the reception door it stunk of smoke! We then went to our room, it looked nothing like the pictures at all! In the shower their was multiple hairs all in the bottom, none of the lights were there were cables left exsposed which were extremely dangerous and the dust everywhere was revolting. Although when asked the receptionists did attended but it didn’t make much difference and she told us that ‘the stickers had come off the flooring so there was nothing she could do’! Despite the stay not being as expected the beds were comfortable and the location was perfect! Will not be staying again or recommended.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or15-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic,"Postage stamp room. No wireless. Lumpy uncomfortable bed. Bedhead not attached to bed and bangs against heater all night long #horrible#notvisitingagain. 1 star for centralness to everything Oxford St, Carnaby St.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or15-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Functional,"I wasn't expecting much and I got it.  The room was at the front of the building, so there was street noise throughout the night; it was clean but it smelt strongly of tobacco, there was a small flat-screen TV but I didn't try watching it.  There was a safe, an old but working, full size 'under counter'–style fridge that acted as the bedside table, on which was a kettle and various coffee sachets.  There was a desk, a wardrobe, a chair and a big electric fan, which I had no reason to use as when I arrived the room was very cold, so I closed the window, and upon my I return much later the radiator had turned on (I had fiddled with it earlier but I can't say whether I was responsible for the subsequent warmth.  The en-suit shower/toilet was the best feature of the room.  It was…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or20-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great price but needs updating.","I was very sceptical about staying when I read many of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. A very friendly gentleman checked us in early as our room was ready. We stayed in room 9 which is a double en suite. The bed was comfy with clean sheets however I wasn't too keen on using the duvet on top and the bed cover was a bit stained. I asked a lady on reception for two more pillows and they arrived within a couple of minutes. Room 9 is at the back of the hotel and it was really quiet. There were lots of tea, coffee, sugar and milk pots provided which was great. The water pressure in the shower was very low so that was disappointing but this is an old hotel that needs a lot of refurbishing. The room did have a strange smell, I thought it smelt of stale smoke. Remember, you…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or20-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",How rude,Had to ring up to cancel my room for tomorrow .I knew that there would be no refund but thought it would be polite to let them know .the woman was really rude and kept harping on about no refund...... I think she got off on telling me about 3 times in a disgustingly rude manor .so I was not happy and would never book here or stay again.and looking at the reviews I feel sick,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or20-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst time ever!!! Don’t go!!,"This arabic family run (?) hotel is something I have ever been. Ever. Don’t go. It would be a long story to tell you all about the difficulties related to smell, dirty room, non working wifi, lack of adapter (If I could post a photo here about the ”wire thing” we got, you’d say its deadly!!!),  black hair in bathroom floor, noise from the street, bugs that ate me during the night and really unfriendly stuff - I would have a lot to say about this but even this is something that I can manage as it is fixed. I was complaing many days about the smell of smoke in my room. They always said they will look into it and were sorry but nothing happened. People in the reception changed and no one seemed to know why the smell until... believe me or not, one person from the stuff told me…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or20-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Great location just a few minutes away from Marble Arch and a great price, considering it's Central London. The room was clean, however the windows aren't that thick so at night you can hear the noise from the street and the pub across the street. I recommend to bring ear plugs. I decided to pay a bit more to get my own bathroom. Other rooms have bathroom and showers in the hall (if you opt for this, bring slippers) Now the negative: I wanted to take a shower before checking out, but apparently all the guests decided to do the same. I had no warm water! This is a great place to stay if you are on a budget, but you can't expect too much from this place.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or20-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Loved this place,Excellent location very central and convenient. Friendly staff and amazing place to stay close to attractions. Spacious rooms. Walking distance from oxford street and edgware road where all shopping is,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or25-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic amenities,The location is central and within easy walking distance to the tube. Hyde park is closeby. The hotel room was small with basic amenities. No common area for breakfast and a basic breakfast provided in the room .,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or25-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"Good place to stay for the location and price. Although the hotel doesn't have a breakfast room, lounge or a lift, it is clean and in a location allowing easy access to Oxford St area, tube and bus. Reception is up the stairs on the first landing. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or25-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",HMP Boston Court Hotel,"From outside, this hotel looks like a nice welcoming place to stay. Walking down the road towards the hotel, I found myself looking forward to staying.  However, once inside all illusions of cleanliness were soon gone. I was greeted at reception by a pleasant enough young lady who gave me my keys, the wifi password and explained where the showers and ironing facilities were. She also told me several doors from my room to reception would be locked at night. Excellent fire safety.  Upon entering my room, two things immediately hit me. How cold it was inside and the small of stale smoke. Both windows had been left open (perhaps by the previous occupants who had tried to escape as quickly as possible) and the radiator wasn't working, making this room extremely cold.  The smell of…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or25-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Grim,"Really poor hotel, room didn’t even have its own toilet. Generally feel grubby, one of those places where you don’t even want to get in the bed for fear of bugs. To add to this I was charged a credit card fee as the hotel only want ‘cash’ payments. Avoid and stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or25-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"I have visit with my husband for vacation on March the Boston court hotel.  It was the most terrible according to my opinion in London The room was very small. The bathroom awful. There is no shampoo or shower gel and there are o lot of thinks broken .Facilities nothing.  There isn't breakfast room . The breakfast only one slice of bread , one piece of butter and one piece of marmalade.  No coffee no orange juice. The most terrible that the owner wanted to pay my booking reservation only cash in GBP and not use my debit card. Also the night the heating system was not in order and outside was snow. I suggest you not visit this hotel for any reason",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or30-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","No, no, no, no... Just NO!","Chose this ""hotel"" due to the close proximity of the meeting location I traveled to London for... And due to booking.com reviews saying the place was clean. Well, even by London standards, definitely NOT.   My room was on the 2nd floor and the first thing I noticed was that there was no towel provided. Oh wait, opening the closet it turns out there WAS, a dirty crumbled towel lying on the floor among a dirty crumbled duvet. Below heaps of cheap hangers attesting to former guests' shopping sprees at nearby Primark. After asking I did receive some clean towels - but the state was questionable. I have to state that the actual sheets & pillowcases on the bed appeared to be clean, but the cover and the duvet cover were both badly stained ranging from fresh to old crusty ones.  Next,…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or30-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a room design rethink but outstanding location and price,"This unexpected little hotel of choice was an unexpected find on the search engines!  The room was a nice sized room but it just needs a rethink of design.  Although it is lovely to have a large household size fridge in the room, but next to the bed is not a good idea at all especially with hygiene and safety.  The En-Suite bathroom is tidy and good to use and easy to maintain, but I think a better colour scheme would be good. The reception was good and the staff were good as well but with the very limited opening times of reception (Between 8am and 10pm) you had to make sure you visited the reception in those times.  When booking a taxi it was very unclear in confirming my needed 4am taxi as they did not make it clear and after a period of time I double checked and they wasn't…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or30-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money ,It's a basic hotel but in a great location. The room I had was clean and cheap.  Breakfast again was basic (cereal and toast) but was delivered to your room.  For less than £50 right next to Marble Arch   I've got no complaints. ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or30-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!! ,"So just had a interesting stay here. Firstly we arrived here at 11.45am we didn’t expect our room to be ready and it wasn’t so we just left our bags.  Arrived back in the evening and was given keys to room 6 so off we went to find our room, firstly the door was unlocked, secondly the “big light” didn’t work and thirdly some body else’s belongings were already in here.  Went back to reception explained the situation and Eva the receptionist just laughed... gave us new keeps to Room 5 this was our room but again “the big light” didn’t work again so after fighting our way through darkness I found the small bed light. The room was a ok size but was dated there was flashing fairy lights out side the bedroom window that was on 24/7 so we felt like were at a 90s rave with out the…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or30-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Near all which you want too be at a good price,"Very good location only classed as basic but they accommodated me as I booked a room but my daughter found herself needing a wheelchair fore weekend rang them they found me two singles on ground floor for same price brought us a small breakfast in morning too room,when we wanted it the access has three steps up  luckey my daughter got out of chair I lifted the chair up very close too ever thing and bond street has a lift too street not many tube have lifts in London you don't realise till you try it London with a wheelchair only thing with my room toilet way upstairs",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or35-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",great location & price,"stayed overnight for a Ruts DC gig at the 100club. Hotel is in good location 30mins walk to club or 5 mins to marble arch tube/buses easy tyo get where you want to go. £50 for Sat night included breakfast (juice/cereal/toast) brought to my room on a tray. Hotel is tired but fine so really can't fault it for the price. Girls on reception helpful and pleasant although English not their first language so not too confident. Stayed in room4 which was small but comfortable enough, bit of noise from adjacent rooms at times but not really a problem. Sink & shower in room shared toilets across corridor, clean & tidy. If you're expecting 5 star then what are you reading this for?! Would recommend and defo stay there again as price and location difficult to beat. Does what it says on the…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or35-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good value and great location,"Only a 5min walk from Hyde Park which was perfect as we stayed in London for a trip to the Winter Wonderland. The room was basic but clean and fairly large, also a breakfast was included in the price (which was a nice surprise).  The kettle didn't work but was replaced on request. Overall a perfect place for a cheap stay if you don't plan on spending much time in the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or35-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",great value for money,"The hotel is a great value for money because it's located very conveniently - close to the Marble Arch underground, and there are a lot of buses around the corner, including the airport terminals to Luton and Stansted. The room was cleaned every morning, and it included a TV, fan, and coffee maker with instant coffee and tea bags. The wi-fi was good and free of charge. The staff was very kind and even offered a free breakfast (very modest, though). I'll visit again.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or35-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Eventful,We arrived at this hotel to be met with a receptionist who was not very friendly at all. We were second in the queue dreading to be seen next having seen how she had treated the people in front of us then when it was our turn to be checked in the lady started to talk to a gent behind us and did not acknowledge we were there. Finally we got checked in and given our room key and got settled in to a room with a double bed although booked a twin room. After 30 mins we then received a phone call stating we were in the wrong room and we needed to change. The room we were then sent to literally had 2 beds and a shower no toilet facilities and not very clean. I understand for the price you shouldn't expect much but in my opinion you should at least have a clean room and friendly service…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or35-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Personal space and personable staff,"Great central location, as close to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. The room is small but gives personal space. Very friendly service. Might not be suitable for everyone as the toilet is on the first floor.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or40-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Not perfect, but not bad","This is not Ritz or Sheraton, but people, a room for 49£ in Centre of London ? My room was clean, had kettle and enough tea and coffe. Bed was comofrtable. Staff was helpful and gentleman checking me in had a great sense of humour. I have been in worse hotels for much more money. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or40-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Decent value for the money but manage your expectations.,"Despite the majority negative reviews on here, I'll try to express a realistic view of my experience here.  It was for a single night over a weekend, used the hotel only for sleeping  - was out late and then away early in the morning - with a cost for £70 for 2 people including a small breakfast. First location - a few minutes from Marble Arch and easy to find, rare you get anything that central for this price so a plus point for that. Staff - a very friendly guy, sorted check-in easily and brought breakfast to the room. Breakfast - not much, cereal, juice and a few rounds of toast.  make your own tea/coffee.  There are plenty of alternatives around the area so budget for this. Wifi- none, but this was stated on the booking site Room - small, the usual uneven floor typical in…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or40-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Night out London,Comfortable room with a view at the street.   Noisy but practical and easy to find/locate. Receptionist was away during exit. The bed is fine but the bathroom is terrible. Recommended for people who want to sleep few hours or drop suitcases and go out in the city.,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or40-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Believe the reviews,"Not a picky traveller! But man, what a place. Yes it's old, that's fine. But there was blood on the pillow case and brown stains on the bedspread. Only one of the 3 lights in the room worked. The window could not be closed. Reception was extremely indifferent and usually generally absent. They booked us a taxi for the morning and got an unlicensed taxi - ugh.   ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or40-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, central, that's it","As it is £70 a night in Marble Arch, you have to go in with a fairly open mind. However, all these reviews are fairly accurate, it is dirty, only one towel, unwelcoming on reception. Do not rely on breakfast which is toast and orange juice",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or45-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Μετρια εμπειρια,The only thing was good was the location. Also the friendly and very helpfull reception always smiling.but i cant tell the same about cleansing because our duvet had a yellow stain amd never change it.also from monday they changed towels on thursday.the break fast is a little bit poor,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or45-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Bed bugs included, no extra charge","My expectations were low - just a basic hotel, a clean bed - and I couldn't be more disappointed (or disgusted!)  The location is convenient, that's the ONLY positive thing I can say.  My daughter came home covered in bed bug bites.  There was no fitted sheet so we ended up sleeping half the night on the very old exposed, bed bug-infested mattress.  We were given one towel each (no washcloth, no soap) which was not changed the week we were there.  The shower did not have any hot water, and the tub was so dirty I wouldn't use it.  The ""full breakfast"" was two slices of toast and a glass of juice, brought to your room because they don't have a dining space.  I wouldn't eat it anyhow, given the overall lack of sanitation.  The ""free WiFi"" was very spotty, and only available between…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or45-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worse hotel ever.,Don't like to post bad reviews but ftom time to time it is necessary. From the moment I stepped into the hotel I never felt comfortable. The skirting boards in the room were filthy. The bathroom was well less than acceptable. The tiles were cracked. The bath was filthy. The shower head was not attached to the wall unit which was supposed to house it. The sink was less than clean and the taps made a terrible noise when you tried to run water. The TV was not even fitted to the wall properly and the wardrobe was the only thing that stopped it from falling off. The safe on the wall was so low I nearly cracked my head on it when getting out of the bed. When I came down stairs I noticed the skirting boards were filthy. If I wanted to make a complaint there was nobody on reception.…,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or45-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Believe the reviews don't stay here,"We stayed for one night only and to be honest if we could of four days somewhere else we would of.  Receptionist was unfriendly and didn't really want to speak to you she's asked us if we could pay cash we said no as we only had card she didn't seem best pleased!! Told us we were in  room 9 answer which key did what, after entering the room on  first glance it was quite dark but it had a bed and tea and coffee making facilities but on closer inspection we noticed no plugs in Bath or sink and the toilet seat was loose so you could see how dirty it was. We didn't have breakfast as we had an appointment early next day so can't comment on  that but one thing I did notice upon waking up and pulling back the cover  was blood of  the sheet we checked one another and it hadn't come from…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or45-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed at! Trust the reviews, don't stay here. The only good thing about this place is the location everything was horrible, from rude staff to dirty rooms, disgusting breakfast (warm bread and juice), and probably the worst shower I've ever had. Do not stay here unless you have absolutely no other options. ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or50-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Believe the rating!!,"This will be the first time I leave a terrible review, but I'm unable to give Boston Court Hotel anything more than a 1 star.  I will start with the PROS, it's a much shorter list.  The only thing going for this hotel is the location.  That ends the Pros. I normally do not write a long review, but I'm unable to shorten it. Now for the CONS: The lady at reception has to be the most miserable person I have every come across.  She was rude and not profession.   The check in process was more difficult than it really needed to be. My last is only three letters long, but I still spell it out.  She could not find our reservation, there's only a couple dozen rooms in the place, so this should not have been difficult, but it was. It took a little time and she suggested that we did not…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or50-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Banging Boston Court Hotel,"Can't beleive the awful reviews this hotel has had. You know what, it's about £60 a night, in CENTRAL LONDON. What do you expect? A butler waiting to carry you upstairs and massage your feet? I've read some of the reviews, and.....grow up. There's no plug in your sink? Oh boo hoo. There's no shampoo? BUY SOME. Bring some. Don't wash your hair. It doesn't matter. The toilets are scary? TURN THE LIGHTS ON. You're in Marble Arch, that's pretty central. Edgware Road, is like 2 minutes away, where it smells of lovely shisha pipes.   The bed and sheets were clean. I had room 4, fairly small but at the front and with a lovely, huge sash window that you can climb through and drop fag butts on the heads of unsuspecting passers by. FOR £60 a night. Bargain. Where else are you going to get…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or50-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would make Faulty Tower look like the Hilton,"This place  is dreadful on every level. The room looks like interior decoration vomit. And has no charm whatsoever. It is dirty, people are allowed to smoke in the hotel and last night I was woken at four o´clock by some guest who just used the door bell till the entire ""hotel"" was awake. Conveniently it is never mentioned that the toilet is on the other floor when you book. There is a shower in the room and a thick carpet which looks like it was changed last time in the 1970ties. The bed is uncomfortable, the blanket in an unspeakable state and this morning there were blue sparks coming out of the socket as I tried to charge my iPhone. When I professed my surprise that there was such a low standard (it really wasn't that cheap) I was told no one ever complained in 30 years. I…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or50-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"A bit run down but clean, inexpensive with a superb location. 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station. Toast for breakfast delivered  to your room. Not a place to spend hours of your days or evenings but as a base to explore and somewhere clean and quiet to sleep it's spot on. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or50-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not good atall ,Depressing/tacky interior. No towels in the room (had to call for them) No shower gel/shampoo. No kettle. A noisy fridge. Breakfast was some grim white toast with cheap jam and sickly orange juice from concentrate. Had to call reception for this in the morning as there was no breakfast room. Only good thing is the location Paid £90 for Friday night,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or55-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"Needed a place to stay overnight close to where we were attending a function. As it was just that this hotel fit the bill. Unfortunately I wasn't overly pleased with the stay. Overall décor is tired, TV in the room only worked on one channel (an obscure one at that) and the shower wasn't brilliant and dirty cups in the tea / coffee supply. Surprisingly had a good nights sleep though, the bed was comfortable and the room wasn't too hot / cold. Breakfast room was under ""decoration"" so you had to ring reception in the morning and they sent some toast and orange juice to the room - not happy. Like I said though, it was exactly where I needed it and close to some secure NCP parking. Don't think I'll be staying there again.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or55-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"So my husband has prostrate cancer and is having a major operation and we booked this 'hotel?' For 2 nights. We are staying here the night before the op and then I will stay the night my husband is in hospital. Well ,  Just Checked in to possibly the rudest, disinterested receptionist we have ever encountered! Too busy to even look up from whatever was so interesting on her desk until I stopped talking mid flow and waited for Some sort of obvious life  and acknowledgement to appear, we were then asked for our passport number!! Erm Hello when has a British born citizen ever had to provide that in Britain?! After I had stopped laughing and told her we didn't carry our passports to London she told us that we couldn't stay here!!! The cheek of it!!! I then requested a refund and…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or55-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Friendly,My partner needed to come to London for a last minute appointment and we needed to be in the marble arch area. This was the only hotel available. After reading a lot of bad reviews I was dreading the stay.  However it has been lovely. Reception staff are really friendly. As we arrived there was a man painting the entrance and reception area so it looks like they ate working on freshening the place up. We stayed in room 8 and paid a little bit extra for the ensuite bathroom. Everything is spotless clean and fresh. The beds were comfortable. It's not the ritz but I wasn't expecting that for the price. Thankyou for a lovely stay,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or55-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Okay at best ,The hotel is a little run down but it's not the worst hotel I've been in. The room we was in started leaking from the ceiling but that wasn't the hotels fault and they are not to blame. The beds are not the comfiest but it's in a great location and the lady who is in the reception is great and dealt with everything very well much appreciated  overall I would give this hotel a 3.5/5 could be better but not that bad  Pros  Great location  Friendly(ish) staff   Cons  Room is a little outdated ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or55-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",GIVE THIS HOTEL A MISS,"pretty basic budget hotel but in a great location, ideal location for shopping and for getting around London,5 minute walk to Oxford Street at the marble arch end,and 5 minutes from bus and underground service.Breakfast consisted of 2 pieces of toast wrapped in a tissue with some butter and jam sachets, coffee and tea available in the room. Noisy pub located across the road. £92. for one night is expensive even for a budget hotel in this location. I wont be returning here any time soon. Who granted these clowns a licence to operate?",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or60-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not very impressed,"Stayed here so I could visit the US embassy. Pretty run down place with a dark, dingy room to match. I guess it's what you get for £60 in that area of London. Special mention to the young female that works there - the one with no people skills. I asked her a very simple question about parking close by and she was very rude and clearly totally uninterested because she had to leave her room and come up to the reception to see to a guest, giving the reply ""go left then right then left or something like that"" before turning round and walking off without saying anything else. Cheer up and learn how to deal with customers.   ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or60-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dire,"Stayed here in a twin room with my brother. Went to see  rock band Foreigner at the palladium. Location is good as easy access to tube station, 5 min walk. But the rooms were dirty and small with a contraption of a shower plonked in the room randomly. Shared toilets, and breakfast delivered to room 2 pieces of nearly cooked toast with jam n butter. Not the ritz i know but for £80 ish per room, you expect more. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or60-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy place,"Gruesomely filthy and totally under in terms of standard I don't think I have seen anything worse. Located in an attractive neighborhood close to Oxford street and Marble Arch, this hotel is still just so bad, so bad.  Shower didn't work, suspicious people in the corridors and dirt of all sorts and in all possible places. Breakfast served in room, but what we got was not worth calling breakfast. You should not be in business. ",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or60-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Boston Court,Fifth time in this hotel. The location of this hotel is perfect for a 1-2 nights stay.  Only have remarks on the showers  - almost no water in the showers.  Would be nice if the breakfast could start 0730 instead of 0800 but overall a good stay again :) ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or60-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings,"Me and a couple of friends needed a cheap hotel close to the London Palladium for a concert we were attending. One look at the outside of the hotel and our faces dropped. It was a bit shabby, outdated and dirty. Nevertheless, we went and checked in. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly, I didn't catch her name but she had blonde hair.   The room itself (Room 9) was up two flights of stairs. At first glance it seemed okay. Very outdated, but we didn't mind that much. What we did mind was the lack of basic cleanliness in the room. There were hairs on the bed, cigarette burns on the top sheet - quite a lot of them, the carpet was filthy, the fridge was filthy, the bath was filthy, and the mirrors were so scummy I could barely see my reflection. The bin in the bathroom…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or65-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,Worst hotel i have ever seen in the planet even the slum dog areas of india are much better how on earth the local authorities let this restaurant run toilets have no wash hand basin dirty rooms creepy beds its simpy shambles,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or65-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good place for overnight stay in the center,"I think this hotel is a good choice if someone primarily wants to be in the center of London and uses the accommodation exclusively for an overnight sleep. For this purpose, the hotel has good attributes - it is near Marble Arch, rooms are clean, hotel is quiet during the nights and beds are relatively comfortable. I would recommend it for this, but for this only.  + Hotel has very good location near to Marble Arch. + Personal was mostly friendly and willing. - WiFi was unstable. It only worked in one spot in the room and always worked only few minutes before it was lost. Then it took another few minutes before connection was established again. - Water flow in the shower was very weak. - Sheets were clean, but bed cover had (probably) unwashable stains. - Breakfast was served to…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or65-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",An over charge of £1000 for one night stay!,"I strongly advise you check your card payments if you stop here it took a month to get my money back and still no compensation for overdraft charges. Bad enough but the room was dirty, the toilets down a dark corridor that my teenage daughter was scared to go to alone. And breakfast inedible. Infact my advice is go some where safe clean and honest .. Not here!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or65-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worth every penny,A great location for Tube station and Hyde Park. Lovely beds and high quality bedding. Unexpected extras in the room like a fridge and safe. Very friendly staff. We will be going back; good value for money.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or65-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"This is a basic hotel.  I wanted a hotel near to Horse Guards Parade and not too expensive.  We stopped for one night.  The room and bedding were clean, but the ensuite was a bit grubby.  The main light in the ensuite didn't work so we couldn't see to have a shower.  Breakfast was served in the bedroom and consisted of orange juice, 2 slices of toast and butter and jam.  Not very enterprising.  All that aside it was nice and central for Oxford street and the shops, and the taxi fare from Euston was about £11.  I would stop again, but wouldn't have breakfast as there were lots of places near by to eat.  It's fine just for an overnight stay.  I couldn't get the wifi",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or70-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great area, right for the price","If you just want a simpel Place to stay in London and are out most of the Days, then this hotel is one of the kind. Its small but have what you need. The breakfast is in your room (could have been an earlier possibility)  and theres is Always a boiler with tea or coffee. But best of all is the situation. A quiet street just in the end of Oxford Street. There are nice restaurant cloose and you can make nice walks to the center of London along Oxford Street or others. If you want budget advices in Swedish you can read my londonguide at budgetres.se",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or70-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would use again.,"After reading the reviews on here, I was a little bit worried about stopping here. However, upon arrival at the slightly bizzare reception, we went to our room which was basic but had everything there. TV, fridge, kettle, bath/shower. Whilst the bath looked rather well used, everything else seemed fairly clean. The bed was warm and comfy and there was enough space in wardrobes. The fridge was a nice touch also,  not something I'd expect to see. The location was perfect for us. Just a few minutes walk to oxford street and marble arch tube station. Will definitely use again next time I'm visiting nearby.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or70-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Bigger room, but up three flights ","Bigger room than expected right at Marble Arch, but up three flights of stairs!! Not easy with cases! But nonetheless not bad, room was clean although scatter cushions were stained and bathroom light flickered, breakfast was served in your room and was if the continental variety  Might stay again?",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or70-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Chamber(Room) quadruples,"An interesting location. Concerning the service(performance): the lunches, the bare minimum, are served in room(chamber) in the quadruple room(chamber), there is a chair for 4. Concerning the bedding, matelats is really lacking firmness.               ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or70-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"I booked this hotel for my family for 3 nights over new year, i expected the worse but was pleasently surprised after reading the reviews, the hotel was basic but clean and we couldnt ask for a better location",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or75-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Get to know your friends, too much. Shower in the bedroom.","This hotel is ridiculous. I stayed here with two girlfriends, they arrived the day before, so I already heard a lot about it before I actually saw the room. The impression was a little better than the low expectation I was given, but the hotel is still really bad.  First, the was a shower in the bed room, looked like refrigerator, but with a shower curtain instead of a door. There was a bathroom down the hall that we shared with other rooms. The bathroom floor was so cold, and not very clean. No liquid soap by the sink, only a dirty soap in the corner that I refused to touch. It said it was including breakfast but we never found out how it worked, and by the looks of the whole hotel, i'm guessing the breakfast was not very good either. So we went to a small pastry cafe about a…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or75-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",An eye opener,"I feel a little bad for giving it one star as I had read the reviews, but this place is exceptional. Normally I stay in half decent chains for business. I'm quite often travelling with someone else and within reason I'm not limited by budget. This was the cheapest hotel on Laterooms in the area I wanted to be. I was on my own. The reviews amused me and I thought - I'll take ear plugs; how bad can it be?  Very bad. The room was tiny and had a small sink and shower crammed into it. The shower smelt of urine and as the room had no toilet in it (I knew this), then I guess a lot of guests use the shower instead. The bedding wasn't clean - I'm not sure the towel was either. The top cover had a recent stain on it that looked like blood. The single bar of soap was well used and had been…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or75-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",great for the money considering its London.,"Room was small but had a fridge and TV.., basic room...no shampoo or soap so u can have to take your own but I do anyway... very warm...quiet..nice touch that u get your breakfast delivered to your room...bath was a little dirty and the noise when u put the water on was a little strange....the toilet was sparkling which is always a bonus... very close to the tube session and Oxford street",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or75-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"Hotel chosen because of the lowest price in Marylebone (but still expensive for the treatments). On arrival the receptionist (an arabic man) was too confidential but kind even if he never saw us before. The ensuite room at first sight didn’t seem so bad, there was mini fridge and the boiler for tea and free sugar and so on. Looking in details was all very dirty from fitted carpet to furniture never cleaned before. The bedcover was full of Hair and Hairs! Disgusting! The cups and teaspoons were dirty and used by other people probably before us. The tea bags were without a cover and full of dust and we never had a tea in the room.  The toilet was dirty and never ceaned as well, expecially the WC and the mirror. The bathtube was scraped and from the shower full of limestone came…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or75-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect place for a cheap London holiday!,"Initially I felt put off booking this hotel due to its poor reviews, I think that to find a hotel with great service and facilities in central London you would have to pay a much higher price than Boston Court offer. I stayed in the hotel with two friends for two nights, all of us students so for the cost of only £37 per night it was perfect. We spent hardly any time in the hotel as we spent all day sightseeing so just needed somewhere to safely leave our suitcases and sleep. The hotel has a brilliant location only five minutes from Oxford street and Marble Arch tube station. The hotel staff were friendly and we had no problems whilst staying there. For such a central location it was quiet in the night and having breakfast included was a bonus! The rooms were fairly clean and…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or80-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location Bad Hotel Choice,"I specifically booked a twin bedroom with en-suite for my sister and I.On my booking reference  said- Room type 1 x standard (private bathroom) -Twin (1-2 person) - 2 single beds. When we arrived we did not get this.The receptionist expected us to share a double bed with en-suite.We did not want this and felt like leaving and going somewhere else, as we were both so annoyed.After a lot of talk and showing our disapproval at the whole situation with the reception we asked if there were any other rooms available.In the end the reception gave us a single room for my sister to sleep in with a shower and sink (no toilet), and i had the double room en-suite. (No plugs in sinks)This was the solution to the receptions predicament, at no extra cost to us.The rooms were small and…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or80-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",At least it's a great location,"If you are looking for a great location, at a relatively moderate rate for Central London, this may be it. That's about all I can say that is good. The beds at least were not lumpy, but were quite hard. The pillow felt as if they forgot to put something into an empty pillow slip. It had kind of a creepy, dirty feel; the woodwork seemed to have the dirt ground into it. The room was so small I had to step outside to change my mind. And as the person who took the reservation failed to record, we had to take a room with a shared WC down one flight of stairs. Oh, and did I mention that the only TV was from a satellite that showed only Arabic channels.  However, you are but a block away from the Marble Arch tube station. And they did provide breakfast, which was toast with jam and…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or80-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful night's sleep,"Hotel? This is a dreadful place. It should be taken off the list. My single room ( no others available...) was noisy and too light, and despite ear plugs and eye mask, the noise and light levels were as if I was 'in the street'. The breakfast was delivered on a tray as if I was in a prison cell, and could hardly be worse quality. I did not eat any of it.  I suggested a slight refund for my discomfort should be forthcoming to the guy on the desk, but he muttered he 'only worked there'..... So I paid £93.00 for a box room with bad curtains, too much street light, no double glazing so too noisy, horrid bedding, prison breakfast and no manager to speak to.  It is a shameful example of London hotel standards! I never want to experience such a disrespectful attitude to my comfort…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or80-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Modular shower next to the bed.,Intetesting place only if you are looking for extreme adventure. The only thing that was not terrible is the area. We arrived and was told that our reservation was cancelled few days ago. We got no message and no money return. So the lady at the reception desk instead of booked 4 people room gave us double and triple on different floors. Not so cheap and smells bad. TOTALLY NOT RECOMMENDED.,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or80-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,"I had left it too late to book my hotel for a business overnight stay in London so contacted last minute.com who I have always thought had a good reputation, this view of them has changed. I was subjected to staying overnight in a room that had a double bed and 2 single beds, the room was barely big enough for just a double bed so a very cramped room. The room was filthy and could do with a good clean. The carpet had sticky patches over it so wasn't keen walking around bare foot! There was a huge damp patch on the wall in the corner of the room. The en suite shower was barely a trickle so not great for showering off the grubby feeling I had after staying in the room overnight. The tea/coffee facilities consisted of some tea bags and coffee sachets thrown on a tray of dirty…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or85-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel? I call it robbery,"I booked a single room with private shower and toilet for 4 nights as I had a demanding seminar to attend. When I was checking I was told I had to change room after 2 nights, apparently because they didn't have the room I booked available. When I said I wasn't interested in worrying about pakcing and unpakcing from room to room the manager, Mr. Mohammad told me to 'be flexible'.  I realize this hotel is less expensive but come on. As I insisted on having the same room throughout the stay I was put in a room with shower but with shared toilet. This means you have to get dressed if you have to pee in the middle of the night. And in the morning.  As I paid for both private shower and toilet I had a discussion with Mr. Mohammad and in the end he agreed to a pricereduction of 5…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or85-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Boston Hotel,"Good hotel for short stay if You want to be not far from center and like to travel around. service from the personal is good, should be more clean place for sleeping. Breakfast could be better with a choice offer.        ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or85-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",bad stay,"do not stay here, paid for toilet/ shower, not told till we arrived, breakfast sent to your room ? ,this we were told was toast/ jam with a glass of orange juice. we were not told any of this on booking, the actual toilet was a unit used outside but built into the corner of our room ,staff not good attitude ,windows would not close properly and the main door had a gap at the bottom so bib wind just came in , bad place to stay.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or85-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Steaming pile of .......,"Worst hotel I have ever been in. Mouldy, on suite was great if you don't mind having to sit on the toilet to take a shower. Window would not close on ground floor so traffic noise was insane, I may aswell have saved the money and settled down with the homeless people outside. I stuffed my ears with toilet paper to drown out the noise which worked pretty well and feel that the night was a relative success in that I did enjoy about two hours of sleep.  Never really felt safe around the electrical outletts and being booked in by a staff member in pyjamas was a first! The only hotel I have ever stayed in that would embarrass Basil Faulty. Can't wait to go back......",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or85-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap for the location,"I booked the hotel at very short notice for a one night say over in London, I wasn't overly impressed when I got to the room. The fridge was rusty and the room needed a dust the toilet & shower were very small and dated. However the service was friendly. ",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or90-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Terrible customer service on arrival. Had my 80 year old grandmother with us who had to walk 4 flights of stairs. Dirt and grime everywhere. Room was disgusting. Not seen a Hoover in a very long time!! Stains everywhere, mouldy smelly bathroom with excrement all over toilet brush. Beds were clean though. Towels stank of tobacco when they got damp from a shower. Cane back from a show and member of staff was walking round in a vest and pants. We didn't even stay for out breakfast as the hotel was so dirty god knows what the kitchen is like!!!! Excellent location though. Definitely cheap but NOT cheerful! Consider paying that bit extra before booking here!!!!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or90-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and needing updating,"We stayed at this hotel on the 6th July.  When we checked in the room had not been cleaned and the bathroom was disgusting.  We complained about the cleanliness of the room.  When we returned at 11pm the bathroom was slightly better but the shower was not usable.  Breakfast consisted of cold hard boiled eggs, toast and a glass of juice brought to the room.  The location of the hotel is the only positive.  Very close to Marble Arch/Hyde Park.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or90-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Smoke-filled,"I booked this what seemed like the last) hotel room in London about 3 weeks before my stay June 25-29. I checked in, left my bag in my room, and ran to the office. When I returned, my room was filled with cigarette smoke. I thought it was a matter of the hotel residents acting up, but the smell pervades every surface, even after I tried scrubbing down the walls near my pillow, I still woke up smelling stale tobacco smoke.  Leaving the window open to the ground floor traffic noise was the lesser of the two evils. Unless you are a smoker, and comfortable with carcinogens, do not stay here. I packed my bags and left the next morning. I would love to get a refund for the 3 nights, but figure the health of my lungs was worth the lost money. I was lucky to have a friend's sofa to…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or90-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Near Marble Arch!,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights with my parents. There was barly any water in the shower and the toilet was difficult to flush. Since there is no breakfast room you have to eat in the hotelroom, that would be okay of there was any place to sit, but we had to eat it in bed. And the breafast wasn`t all that, we were still hungry after eating. At least the people working there was friendly and the room was cleaned every day. The fact that the hotel is very close to Marble Arch is probably the only thing saving this hotel and it is cheap. So if you are only looking for a cheap place to stay close to oxford street and shopping and your demands are not to high you`ll survive a couple of nights.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or90-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",throwback to the 70's,"the best thing i can say about this hotel, is the location was great for oxford st and hyde park. one night was plenty for this hotel. the bedroom was very cold with very little heating available. everything in the room was very dated. we gave breakfast a miss because after a cold night we wanted more than toast & jam.the staff were friendly and helpfull.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or95-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and centerally located...,"definitely not a luxury hotel but comfortable, clean and friendly staff..and the price was very reasonable in comparison to comparable options.  The en suite ""bathroom"" in the 3 bedroom is similar to wait you might find in a trailer and slightly awkward but functional/clean so it was fine. I spent about a week and a half at this hotel with two other women and we weren't in the room except to sleep and change. The price was very reasonable and in a safe area close to the Marble Arch subway on the Central Line.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or95-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best but most certainly far from being the worst.,"This hotel isn't the best or the most luxurious you will ever stay in - but saying that - it doesn't claim to be so and neither does it charge a premium that suggests so. I stayed here for a considerable amount of time and it was absolutely fine. My room was clean and made every day, the bed was comfortable and the staff were really friendly. And, as far as the hotel's location is concerned you could not ask for better. The hotel was good for what I needed: a cheap hotel which would give me a base in London whilst I was carrying out professional engagements. If you are in a similar situation i.e. you just want a cheap base whilst you are working or exploring the city - then this hotel is certainly for you. Overall: a fine hotel!",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or95-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad,"We stayed in a tripple room for just a one night on the first floor. Beds not comfortable. The room was clean and had all the necessities required such as a fridge, tea/coffee facilities, hair dryer and a small flat screen television with plenty of Arabian TV channels :D There is no breakfast room and breakfast where served in the room from. The hotel is very good located (shops, underground, bus stops, parks etc.)",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or95-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Family short stay,"The breakfast is lousy - a toast wrapped in a tissue, an orange juice and boiled egg served to your room where there is no space. You have to make your own tea or coffee. The central heating is switched off most of the time. It is set by a timer - it switches for about 1 hour at about 8pm and for another hour during the night.  The room is chilly. The windows do not close properly so there is draft in the room.  You have to wait for the towels to get dried because they will not be ready by 4p.m.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or95-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","shocking,","the accommodation is appalling,the only thing going for this hotel is location,we were a group of seven with two rooms,they then split us up then on the second night one room had to change to a single room so one person had to sleep on the floor on a mattress that was for a cot ,it was all stained ,plugs in the sockets help in with electrical tape,note on wall in toilet telling you not to flush paper down loo but put in bin at the side,the lady in the morning emptied the bins with no gloves on and also took the breakfast trays away at the same time,bed felt damp,was scared to look too closely,one of the beds sloped to the floor ,just unbelievable how they get away with it ,",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or100-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"I have stayed here for five days and had quite a good impression. Good enough for your money, and location is super good.  ",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or100-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Central but lousy,"No breakfastroom, breakfast served in our room. Bad toilets, toiletpaper could not be thrown in toilet. Noisy, lots of trafic. Shower water either too hot or too cold. Very central, close to Marble Arch and Primark in Oxford Street. Bus connection directly to Victoria Station, three different underground lines to Victoria.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or100-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN :(,"I booked this hotel for a weekend away. We booked this hotel through 'just in time' hotel booking agency and decided on this hotel as it was central and with a small baby plus pram it meant less tube trips to the places we wanted to visit. We arrived in London at 9.20am and thought we'd call the hotel to see if it was possible to leave are luggage with them while we spent the day looking at the sights. They said it wasn't a problem. We arrived at the hotel at 10am where the receptionist was on the phone. She passed me to forms to fill in (still on the phone) When she finally got off the phone, I showed her my confirmation booking form (deposit had been paid) which she then told us, sorry we've no room here!!!!!!! She said she'll get on the phone to try and re-locate us. Anyway,…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or100-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, Budget Hotel","We stayed in a family room on the first floor as there were no double rooms available - the accommodation is very basic, beds not very comfortable, however the room was clean and had all the necessities required such as a fridge, tea/coffee facilities and a small flat screen television. There is no breakfast room in the hotel and breakfast is served in the room from 8am - we had to make an early start so had breakfast in a lovely pub just across the road - The Portman - and there is a great Spanish restaurant just a little further down - Vinoteca - where we had an excellent evening meal. The hotel is very centrally located, just 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station and ideal base to explore central London - ideal if you are just looking for a bed, considering the…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or100-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Affordable, comfortable.","We stayed here for one night in a family room with en suite on the fourth floor. The staff were friendly and the room was very clean and comfortable. The hotel overall is of the standard which I would expect from a 3 star B&B. The only let down was the noise from the traffic but it was in central London after all.   The breakfast of boiled eggs and toast was simple but sufficient and was brought to our room a few minutes after we requested it by calling reception.   We would stay here again, as the location is a couple of minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or105-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",'Worst accomodation in Europe!',"After traveling around Europe for almost 7 weeks and staying in everything from hostels with shared bathrooms to 4 star hotels, I can assure you this was by far the worst accommodation booked.  On arrival we were told our rooms had been confused & that we would have to have separate rooms, to which we said was fine, however they failed to tell us that one had the toilet & one had the shower - a plastic box, with a portable shower much that of the camping variety, positioned in the front window of the hotel! The sheets were dirty & covered with hair & hair balls.  Upon asking for these to be changed the lady barely apologized and put another sheet on top of the dirty one?! The room was generally unclean but it was far too late in the evening to change hotels. The following day we…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or105-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Help yourself and book a hotel somewhere else,"Dear everyone I highly recommend you not to book a stay at Boston Court hotel. They have this scam where they make you book and pay a hotel and the night you get there they send you to hammersmith or east London. They promise the hotel is a better standard but it is worse and they refuse to refund any of your expenses. This is what happened when we got there.  I had previously spoken with someone called Arahu by both phone and email to confirm my reservation but they didn't have my room anymore but wanted to send me to hammersmith without any reductions and without paying for the cab. They also lie eg. ""take a black cab it is cheaper than mini cab"", ""the hotel is just 10 min by walk away"" where it is actually 20 min away in car. And they are really unpolite.  So dear everyone…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or105-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, smelly and unsafe ?",This is definetely the worst hotel I have ever booked into. It was dirty and smelly but the safety was my biggest concern. All of the fire extinguishers had been marked as condemned but the manager said it was fine.,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or105-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful and squalid,"Avoid this filthy, broken hotel at all costs. It's well-situated and cheap but even so it's very poor value. I stayed one night in a single room. Unfortunately, I paid first and just dumped my bags, not coming back until late at night. That's when I found: * the basin in my room had been broken off the wall. Obviously this had happened some months before, judging by the dirt embedded in the broken edges. The manager tried to pretend he was surprised when I showed him the next morning. * the basin hadn't been cleaned in a long time. Perhaps the dirt was holding it in place. * the 'hot' water was tepid at best, even after running it. It wasn't hot enough to shave in but there was no plug in the basin either so being able to shave was just a crazy dream anyway. * the toilet hadn't…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or105-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",No comparison to my Paris hotel,"Though I travel on a budget, I do expect to stay in hotels that are clean, pleasantly decorated, and well-appointed. I spent an entire week at this hotel, and felt like I was at a youth hostel. Perhaps this is OK for student travelers, but as adult professional, it felt like I was roughing it. Everything was worn out. The bathroom was tiny and not very user friendly. The staff was reasonably nice, but their English wasn't very good, so it wasn't always easy to get the information I needed. I'm fine with a small room, but expect it to be a place I enjoy being when I have to.",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or110-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel i have stayed in my life,"I would consider myself someone who does not complain at the slightest problem. I have never in my life stayed in such a dreadful hotel and I would recommend that anyone who is considering this hotel hits the back button now! Lets start with the hall way absolutely fifthly with dirt on the skirting boards, carpet with that really grubby look and marks on every wall.  The reception is similar to what you would expect in a back street takeaway even down to the TV with only 50% reception. I was provided with keys with a tag held together with tape.  Then the hotel room. Imagine a hostel somewhere in a third world country. Well now add the vision of one that has never been cleaned for a few months. In the corner of the room was the shower. A box with cheap doors that did not close…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or110-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Easily the worst place I have ever stayed at....and with kids in tow.....,"First I didn't go here without doing some research.  I didn't know about tripadvisor at the time, so unfortunately I used either Fodors or Frommer's travel guides and one of them gave a decent review of this place saying that it was clean and efficient.  WRONG!  After staying at a nice bed and breakfast in Bath and a four star hotel in the theatre district, we stayed here the last night of our trip...thinking it was a shorter distance to Heathrow.  My biggest mistake in 30 years of international travel.  What you've read about in the negative reviews is true.  Check in desk is a window down a hallway that is staffed part time....probably since if it was staffed full time more people would want out....No elevators.  To go upstairs you have to walk sideways especially if you are…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or110-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel I have every seen...!!!,"This hotel is absolutely disgusting, arrived Sunday afternoon 2pm receptionist handed us the keys to our room when we got to the door it was just a standard internal door a standard lock that didn't work properly the door also had broken bits of timber near the latch which looked as though someone had tried to force their way in , on entering the smell was overwhelming, the room had 1 double bed and 1 single bed both bed spreads were filthy dirty and had cigarette burns in them, the carpet was dirty the window above the single bed could not be closed or locked the small bar fridge was very old and the bottom of the door was rusted , on top of the fridge was a tray with a cup and saucer and a few scattered satchels of coffee and sugar. In the bathroom the bath tub was brown the…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or110-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Boston  Court Hotel London,This is simply the most horrible hotel i have stayed in It was very dirty smelly just disgusting. The rodant poison containers on the floor should have told me somthing. Do not stay here at any price.,None,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or110-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there !,"This hotel, altough well located, is a miserable place to stay. The room was dirty, smelling of chemical toilet, because this is what you get for a toilet, which didn't flush. Very noisy, windows did not fully close so the air and noise entered the room. Forget the included breakfast, is a just to toast with jam that you have to eat in your room... which you don't want to do anyway.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or115-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would rather stop at rat-infested Fawlty Towers,"Where do I start...We booked to rooms,was advised at time of booking that only one was en-suite,so we were ok with that,but this is what its really like... 1 - Rooms are way too small 2 - We had to ask for milk for both our rooms 3 - In my parents room there was a hole in the wall big enough to put your fist through,the hole was from where the door handle banged against the wall if the door was opened too hard 4 - Also in my parents room there were ink stains on the sheets on one of the beds. 5 - The ensuite room for my parents had been double booked so they had to make do with sharing the toilet down the stairs 6 - In my room it was difficult to shut the sash window and I had to get help from the girl on reception to close it.Out of the possble 30 or so panes of glass in the…",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or115-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",HELLHOLE ALERT!!!!Don't even think about it!,"Filthy, as my pictures only begin to show. Broken windows. VERY Noisy pub opposite, noise from neighbours, cars zooming, someone vomitting,awful. The bookings company had the cheek to substitute our expected accommodation with this. Completely unsuitable. Shared toilets 2 floors down especially filthy. Had no time to do anything as had planned lots of activities. Myself and my 9 year old daughter there for a special treat!  HSD (through asda travel) were the agents/culprits, probably habitual overbookers. NO WAY would I have chosen this. The reviews arent great but it took me a while to find the accurate (dire) ones on here. (why's that then?) Felt filthy after staying 2 nights. They may give the sheets and sink a clean but the floors and walls.. UGH!! Run by a family? Yeah…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or115-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",I wish I hadn't wasted my money,"We stayed at this hotel last night and although I was on a tight budget, I wish I had found a park bench to stay in. The rooms are very small which is bearable as you only sleep in them, but the door to the room didn't even shut properly as it looked as if someone had broken in to it previously. My partner then pointed out that the only fire exit was the front door so if your on the top floor like we were then you have no chance if the fire is anywhere other than in your own room! I then take you to the bathroom, no soap, the bath is cracked, and the window was broken (this was attempted to be hidden by a student poster). The bed was comfy as beds go, however I went to pull the bed covers down and there was blood stains on the other side so I put them back and slept clothed on…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or115-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,"One of the cheapest B&Bs in London and in a decent area but the rooms are small, the showers are tiny and the breakfast for us was just toast and jam.  I wouldn't go back again.",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or115-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely discusting,"Didn't think you could get a hotel as bad as this in London! Good location, next to marble arch but thats it. Owners cant speak English, main outside door key did not fit the lock(12pm) room tatty with the smallest shower room ever, and to cap it off the owner woke us by banging on the door at 8.00am only to find one egg and one orange juice between three people! DO NOT STAY HERE Oh and did I mention the window was broken, so even though we was on the third floor we coulkd hear people walking down the street at 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 am let alone all the traffic, did not sleep a wink.....nice!",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or120-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Only stay here if you have lost all respect for yourself, or have some sort of squalour fetish!","Awful.  Filthy, last occupant's rubbish still in room, electrical appliances didn't work.  All this for only £30 a night less than a large company chain hotel.  You know, one where they actually clean the rooms, and you don't feel the need for a shower just because you sat on the bed.  Seriously, if you're that desperate for somewhere to stay, give me a call and you can sleep in my garage, it's cleaner.  We didn't stay.  Within half an hour of checking in we'd demanded a refund and taken a cab to another hotel in nearby Victoria.",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or120-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Filthy, disgusting, we were very angry","This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever seen.  My friend and I booked a twin room over the internet for £140.  When we saw the state of the room, we felt insulted that they attempted to charge this amount and amazed that there is a hotel as dirty as this in a first world country.  When we got up to the room, although appearing to have been superficially 'cleaned' (i.e. they had made the beds), there was actually a pile of clothes and some shoes and socks on the floor from the previous inhabitant.  When we went down to the desk to ask the manager about this he said, 'Oh sorry, the guy checked out this morning and he told me that he was going to leave them in wardrobe'  -  as if that makes any difference?  We think that perhaps he had a friend/family member living in the…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or120-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this Hotel!! Its Horrible,"left after one night, should have left earlier. Broken leaking toilet that didnt flush but did leak all over the floor, we had to tie a hair band around it to stop it flooding, sockets hanging out of the wall (in a family room!), kettle covered in milk scum - and when we told them in the morning they said take it or leave it! didnt even go to check the leaking or anything - rude, horrible, don't do it to yourself.   Stayed last Friday night - never never never again ever",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or120-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy dump,"I booked this hotel through Expedia for $103 per night. It is an awful place, filthy, dirty, and foul smelling. I ended up forfeiting my money, finding another place, and leaving within an hour of check-in.  I am very disappointed with Expedia that they list such a dump on their web site. I am even more disappointed by the travel review system on Expedia which gave it a reasonable review. I wish I knew about the TRIPADVISOR.COM web site before this and hence would have saved myself $103 plus all the hassle. I will likely never use Expedia again.  I had always assumed that if a hotel is listed by Expedia it must meet a certain minimum of cleanliness and habitability. How wrong I was!",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or120-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad!!,"I stayed at the Boston Court a few weeks ago for vacation and it was pleasant. The people were VERY nice and helpful. The manager was the sweetest man who always had a smile on his face. The room, while small, was clean and comfortable. It served its purpose as a cheap place to rest your head at the end of a long day of sight seeing. It wasn't perfect, but it was in a good location by the Marble Arch tube and hyde park. I would suggest asking for private bathroom facilites in your room as some of the rooms share. I stayed in room 9 and it was fine. If you're a no frills kind of person, who just needs the basics, then you'll be fine. if you think your staying at a 5 star hotel, then you should find another place. It's basic but it works. Had a great time!",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or125-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Be warned,"We left after one night in this dump. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to ANYONE, regardless of budget, etc. First of all, the pictures online and the hotel's website are completely misleading. A gross misrepresentation. The front door has paper and stickers all over it.  The front desk is disgusting and most of the time it is not attended by anyone.  The general condition of the hotel is terrible.  The carpets have dark stains all over them.  The vinyl wallpaper is peeling and cracked and stained. No exaggeration: Newspaper advertisements for patio furniture were taped over holes in the walls to look like artwork.   A picture of a waterfall was hanging next to a picture of the New York City skyline with the twin towers still in it. You step up into the bathroom like a portajohn.…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or125-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"Firstly, this is NOT an hotel! I could not believe my eyes when we arrived at the most disgusting place I have ever seen. The carpets were filthy, the paint was peeling everywhere and the rooms were not fit for anyone. I had been looking forward to a weekend away at a reasonable price but that was not to be. I refused to spend 1 night there. When I told the receptionist that we could not stay there she couldn't understand what was wrong with the place. I asked how many stars the hotel had and was informed it was not an hotel, more like a B & B. There was nowhere to have breakfast and you had to have it in your room. We had to carry our suitcases up 3 flights of stairs only to come right down again. We were made to pay for 1 night even though we didn't stay and managed to find a…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or125-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",oh my god !!!!!!!!,"we checked out after one night in this filthy hole. peeling wallpaper, dirty carpets, bug infested, noisy road, windows that dont close properly on the fourth floor, we had 2 children with us they could have easily fallen to their deaths. they have the audacity to charge £105 a night for the privilge of staying here. i wonder what state it was in before the advertised renovation.",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or125-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Old, needs updating, our room had bed bugs","Pros: A good location, close to the subway, convenient to stores and restaurants.    Cons: This facility was old and run down, old mattresses, bed bugs in the bed although the sheets appeared to be clean. The bathroom was large but the only shelf for toiletries was broken and hanging.  No dresser, just a small closet area, no table or chairs.  When I went to the front desk to report the bed bugs the management didn't want to refund my money and didn't appear to believe that the bed bugs were in the unit even though we brought three down to the front desk to show them. Finally agreed to refund my money after I explained that I would dispute the charges with my credit card company. Thankfully I didn't pay with cash!",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or125-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",The Hotel is the worst hotel ever.,"- It was pretty cold outside. And I couldn't close the windows. The windows were approx. 200 years old. - There were no towels just because the service people simply forgot to put them in the room - The breakfast include only tests and some butter just because there were some problems with the eggs"" - The receptionist was saying that she knows a lot of other bad things she wouldn't tell",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or130-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"The pictures for the hotel are incorrect, these pictures must of been from when the hotel got first refurbished! It is NOT newly refurbished......dirty stained carpets throughout, wallpaper peeling off, holes in walls, writing on walls, dirty blinds, windows don't close properly, dirty shower/sink (hairs), shower door was missing a panel, shower head couldn't hook up, foul smell form drain in shower, toilets down two floors from room , thin walls, breakfast very poor, underdone rubber toast, tiny glass of orange juice (ask for some more and they wouldn't give us any), eggs served in a alcohol shot gass and staff that didn't really care.  Room 7 is the worst for all of the above, got moved to room 10, thats were we had the window and smell problem. We were so unhappy with the…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or130-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",dreadful hotel do not stay here,This hotel is filthy. The wall paper is peeling and pictures from magazines have been stuck on the walls to hide the places where the wall paper has peeled off. The curtains are filthy. The carpet is disgusting. The shower curtain is full of mould. The link to English Heritage is disgraceful. This is the most awful hotel. Do not book here even if you are desperate. ,Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or130-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Foul Hotel,Arrived at the hotel and the reception is on the first floor and immediately the smell was off putting. the paint work was peeling and would have not been out of place in a damp old house that had not been inhabited for several years. the room was not a bad size but the smell was awfull and the walls where covered in stains of what i would not liked to have guessed what they where. the carpets where old and full of holes and basically the hotel was foul. i didnt even bother to sample the breakfast the next morning as i would not have liked to have seen the kitchen or dining room. i have stayed in hundreds of hotels and i dont mind basic accommodation but the Boston Court has to be the worst hotel of its kind and i would not recommend it for even my worst enemy. If you have…,Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or130-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely FILTHY,"The place is shabby beyond words.  The bedroom was dirty & smelled awful.  Net curtains were BLACK with filth and torn.  The wallpaper is peeling off.  The carpet is heavily stained with god knows what.  Shower room & toilet were grubby.  The cold water was yellow and smelled so bad I did not clean my teeth.  Neither did I have a shower as I felt that I would come out more grubby than before I went in.  I did not sleep in the bed but on top of it.  The ""breakfast"" was appaling - toast toasted on one side & ""rubbery - paper plate - flimsy plastic knife.  I paid £59.00 for the ""priviledge"" of staying here.  I woud have moved but all other hotels were fully booked.   How the hell did they get two stars?  ABSOLUTLEY DISGUSTING AND DISGUSTED. ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or130-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London",Yikes!,"My family stayed here for 2 nights last week; my daughters in one room and my husband & me in another.  We were on the 4th floor (no elevator).  The person in the room next to ours was smoking and I could smell it through the thin walls.  I was nervous that there were no fire escapes & no deadbolt locks on the doors.  My daughters' room had no toilet, just a shower and sink (they did not warn us of this when we booked the room).  We had to ask for more towels (just one per room).  To say the rooms were shabby is an understatement;  You could see the coils from the mattress through the sheets, the pillows were wafer thin and our bedspread had cigarette burns in it.  The whole place grossed us out!  I would definitely NOT stay here ever again! ",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or135-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, but small","London is extremely expensive, so we were looking for budget hotels.  This hotel was very clean and well kept.  Our room, #12, was very small but the bathroom was good size.  If your on a tight budget I would reccomend this hotel, but be prepared for tight quarters. ",Date of stay: March 2005,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192100-Reviews-or135-OYO_Boston_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"OYO Boston Court Hotel Reviews, London","Very basic hotel, but great location and price","The Boston Court Hotel is quite justifiably a two star hotel.  Though clean, it is very shabby and basic.  Because it is located in what used to be a residential property, the rooms are not all the same.  Room 6 is the best.  Room 9 is tolerable, but the rooms on the top floor (10, 11 and 12) have miniscule showers.  Be sure to state that you want a room with a shower and toilet, or else you'll be sharing!  With the dollar being so low right now, prices in London are horrible.  The Boston Court is very reasonable compared to others.  The staff (particularly the afternoon desk person) is helpful.  Amenaties include: tiny TV, elderly hair dryer and a fridge (very helpful as restaurants can bankrupt you).  There is a good supermarket right next door.  The location is fabulous, very…",Date of stay: September 2004,3.0
