,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or0-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Diabolical Excuse for Champaign Afternoon Tea,"23-May-2021, The champainge afternoon tea for two, was disgusting, to say the least. The finger sandwiches were made from the cheapest of breads with the crust on. The filling could barely be found, the taste of cheap margarine was all that could be distinguished. The cheese filling was processed from a tube. The ham was also the cheapest available and barely any. The egg and mayonnaise was boiled egg white in a greasy mess. When we thought things couldn't get nastier the scones and cakes arrived, we didn't recognise the scones and had to ask what they were, they looked like fat biscuits brought home from school by a 5 year old attempting their first bake. The other offerings were all the cheapest shop bought. the Brownie bites were still frozen, there was couple of big yellow lumps of what I think might have been cake and rest was most unappealing. The Champaign  was a nasty sweet Prosecco. The cups and saucers mismatched, which is acceptable in a country tea room, but not a so called 5 star Mayfair establishment. When we demanded to see the manger, she told us bare faced lies, telling us the scones had been made by the chef, when challenged she corrected to somebody else made them, but didn't seem to know who, no qualified professional would have allowed any of these offerings out of the kitchen. It was a very strange experience, we were the only guests, it was obvious there had been no visitors for a very longtime and there was no one staying at the hotel. I'm mystified as to why they accepted the booking, if the hotel is not open. The only positive is the waitress she was a delight.…",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or0-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea...,"Myself and my partner had afternoon tea at this hotel on Saturday 5th December (purchased deal from Groupon). We were very disappointed with the entire service. Firstly, the pictures of the afternoon tea on the website look beautiful. Which is why I purchased this. What we received was quite the opposite. The finger sandwiches had next to no filling. The scones were bite size. In the pictures it shows the afternoon tea comes with large scones and bagels aswel as the finger sandwiches. We did not have any bagels. The small pieces of cake were dry and flavourless. The decor in the pictures also look beautiful but when we arrived it was dark lighting and a very drab atmosphere with a dead rose in a vase on our table. I find this to be false advertising. The experience the customer should receive should be exactly how they make it look on the website. Otherwise it is a complete disappointment. We had to ask for sugar for our teas as none was supplied on the table. We also had to ask for strawberry jam to go with our scones. The lady bought us honey...so in the end my partner had to go and get the strawberry jam himself. This was a very disappointing visit. Had I not of got a deal and had I paid the full price I would have walked out and asked for a refund. Avoid.…",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or0-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"We had high expectations but were left quite disappointed at the whole experience. When we arrived, we were offered a champagne glass and then the food, we waited for a while but nobody brought us tea or even the tea menu  - we had to ask for it. The flavours we asked were not available so we had to choose something else and the tea was Twinings bags - really cheap - and not freshly brewed as the website states. The quantity of tea provided was barely two small cups. There were no refills, when we asked we were told we would need to pay extra. The food was not that tasty - especially the scones which were extremely hard and did not feel fresh. It’s a shame because the hotel is in a great location and could do much better.",Date of stay: November 2020,2.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or0-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel-Fantatsic people- Extremelly convenient location,"We stayed in the hotel 11-13September 2020 in the midst of Covid but wanted a break as our event at the O2 had been postponed. I cannot recommend the people enough. They went out their way to make our stay excellent under the current situation we all find ourselves in. The hotel is very stringent with Health and Safety so you have no need to be concerned.The rooms were great and the beds extremelly comforatble. Annett, Beata and Pregina, thanks very much for all your help and make our stay so enjoyable.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or0-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Stay,"Due to covid19 the hotel is not fully operational but the staff went out of their way to help us.  Everyone was friendly, and very helpful.  Beata was always available to sort out any queries and when we discovered a drip from our ceiling, we were moved very quickly.  Annette went out of her way to assist us when we had an issue with the fact that they were not serving breakfast.  Excellent location and I will say the beds were extremely comfy!! Thanks for a lovely stay.",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or5-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Really enjoyed out stay, very helpful staff and amazing location","Stayed just as the hotel was opening again for a trip that was cancelled in March. Firstly, the skeleton staff were great. Usual checks done, temperature etc. As the restaurants, bar and gym were still closed we got a double upgrade to a junior suite, which was great. Although the rooms a little old, the space and cleanliness made up for it. We had paid for breakfast, but again, that was now a 'grab and go' one brought promptly to our room every morning with a pot of great coffee, this was fine but us as we are not great 'fill your face at the buffet' kind of people. A member of staff was on duty to let us in and out of the hotel and as mentioned, the room was serviced daily when we went out for the day. Although strange, we only saw one other couple staying at the hotel, we…",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or5-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Yea, it was good, no complaints. Its made me realise I don't like champagne (or wine if any kind)  I wasn't a fan of the cheesecake mess on the end. And the cottage cheese and jam scones were delicious, the best part of it I'd say.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or5-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,Very nice hotel at the heart of London. Very close to main metro lines. Nice parks nearby. Service is quite good. Breakfasts are nice. Personel is friendly. The only real problem that we were facing is the usual for Britain - lach of European sockets.  The rest was really good.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or5-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Thanks for taking so good care of me during hard times,"I’ve stayed here many many times, but this time was very different. In the midst of the corona epidemic, in March 2020, both the hotel and the whole city were deserted. Yet, everyone at The Washington Mayfair took very good care of me in this special situation, for which I’m very grateful.   With most restaurants closed in the city, the hotel restaurant kept me well-fed, both for breakfast (served 7–10:30 on weekdays and 7:30–11:30 on weekends) and dinner. Dinner prices are very reasonable and the food was tasty.  In my room, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom came with a bathtub and a wall-mounted shower with excellent water pressure. There’s a safe in the room, as well as coffee/tea making facilities, and two 0.5 L water bottles, replenished daily. The huge window…",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or5-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A bit different ,"Not your bog standard London business hotel. Friendly staff, nice room which was well equipped with a window that opened for air!  Restaurant was a bit strange but overall it was a decent experience and not the usual standard fare... ",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or10-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",pretty nice hotel,"This hotel was nice enough, but for the money we paid per room to stay here, I expected better.  I will say that the staff was excellent - the manager, Fabrizio, had our group's rooms ready for us early, knowing we were getting into town before the check in time.  The rooms were clean and well kept.  Our bathroom had some noise issues from the plumbing.  The room was kept warm, and the windows were screwed shut.  Bed was comfortable enough for a weary traveler.  The location was amazing - Mayfair is beautiful, and we were a block from an Underground station.  The restaurant, however, was terrible.  Breakfast was okay, but they're not good about cross-contamination for allergies or diet issues.  Dinner was not good.  I had the worst fish and chips I've ever had, and it cost 100…",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or10-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location.","The Washington is a good standard hotel in a great location. Rooms are a good size for London, fresh and modern and very clean. Staff friendly and efficient. Breakfast standard issue for this type of hotel. The hotel itself is in a great location with some great pubs, restaurants and shops all within a short distance. It’s a handsome building itself which adds to the charm. I’d stay again no problem. ",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or10-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel with no consideration or heart,"This hotel basically doesn't care about its customers, just taking their money. Out booking was unfortunately during the last storm and it was recommended not to travel. We also had to arrange children to be looked after and again not ideal during a big storm. I tried to cancel or rearrange the date, because of this and just because I didn't pay for the free cancelation price at purchase, they refused to help. Basically would rather put their customers lives at risk and put unnecessary stress on them, just so they can have their money. After the stress of getting there because I couldn't afford to loose the money, we found that the room of poor standards. Fridge didn't work, hair in the bath and draft from the window, which was of course worse because of the storm.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or10-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",All about the location,"Location is of course great in a good area close to metro. Hotel room very spacious (esp for London) unfortunately the noice from street is loud (had to check if the windows were open). Breakfast is ok, no more no less. The hotel gives a bit of a dated feeling, not very warm or welcoming, but is clean. I would never rate this 4* due to staff, facilites and all the small things (shoe polish was empty on arrival, not replaced during 3 nights stay, no emptying of the bin in the room some days etc). All in all, if you get at a good price it's a good hotel due to location.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or10-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location and Stay,"Stayed here for the weekend with my partner. The room we were given, was lovely and had some great views over the rooftops of London.  The location was also good and just off the main road into Piccadilly Circus.  The Breakfast was good as was the service.  Would stay again for a weekend break.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or15-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"Brilliant stay here. It was my birthday and staff really made it special for my sister and I. Room decorated on arrival, on arriving back the beds were turned down, robes laid out and chocolate cake waiting. Staff were so lovely as was our twin room. Breakfast great. Highly recommended and fabulous location. Thank you. ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or15-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very attractive central location,"I have to follow up what other reviewers already mentioned: the location of the hotel is really great. Very central and close to Hyde Park (great spot for runners!). The interior could need some renovation. Everything is clean and the staff is very friendly. The ambience is however like in the 70ies. The breakfast room is not inviting at all. So if you look for a posh hotel with lots of ""bling bling"", this should not be your choice. If you dont care about the interior but look for good location, the Washington Mayfair might be a good pick.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or15-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,Stayed at the washington Mayfair for one night with my husband. On arrival the reception staff were really friendly and helpful.  Room was beautiful- clean with modern decor. Bathroom was clean and the shower was excellent.  The location of the hotel is fantastic- we were able to walk to all the attractions and shops easily. Also lots of excellent restaurants close by. Breakfast was good and plentiful- staff were helpful and eager to please. All in all an excellent hotel with a fantastic location would highly recommend.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or15-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","We stayed here for my birthday. It is expensive but because of the location it’s expected. Was a very comfortable stay, breakfast was nice, overall was fine. Perhaps I expected more for the price however no complaints.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or15-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",It’s all about the location,"I stayed here for just over a week in October and it was a great base from which to travel to the office and then unwind in the evenings.  The hotel is in the heart of Mayfair and you have some of the best restaurants in town in your doorstep.  It’s an old fashioned style hotel and they could certainly make more of the location by upping the dining options. The rooms are service were fine but they could be far better and they would need to be if they wanted to compete with the top end places nearby.  In summary, if you need a good-looking, comfortable hotel to stay in central London with an amazing location, this is well worth considering.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or20-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday celebrations,"We stayed here at the beginning of December for a surprise 70th birthday for my mum. What a treat it was. The hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas. The staff were so attentive and caring and couldn’t do enough to help with making our stay more memorable. They upgraded my mums room, which was more like a private flat. Both our rooms were so clean and tidy. The breakfast was superb.  Could not rate this hotel any higher, what a fabulous place and will certainly be visiting again. What a treat thank you.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or20-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Just Wanted to Get Out!,"I’ve stayed at the Washington Mayfair for a conference in the beginning of September. My room was completely different from the website pictures - old, dirty, full of mold in the bathroom, towels with stains, bad smell and with a crack at the window that let the noise come in. Staff at front desk was nice - the only ones I’ve talked to. Tried to move to another place but couldn’t find a room. It was just bad. Just wanted to end the conference and get back home! Talked to the hotel just to give a feedback and their reply was there was nothing wrong and I’m the one to blame, although they’ve offered apologies for anything bad that might have happened... so, for that treatment, better to avoid it. Had some bad experiences in the past and we just want to be heard and offered some…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or20-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely stay at the washington hotel mayfair,"I was on the secret escapes site and booked The Washington in Mayfair in error, i meant to book another one as the trip advisor reviews were not good for this hotel, but i wasn't able to cancel so went ahead with the stay.  And glad we did. We stayed there yesterday to celebrate my partner's birthday and on arrival saw the reception and bar areas were bright and nicely decorated but nothing overly swish.  We were given an upgrade to a smart, spacious room with a clean, modern bathroom providing a good shower..  The bedroom was clean, bed comfy and the breakfast tasty with a nice range of cooked items, fruit and pastries.  Knowing it was my partners birthday, they left balloons and cake which was a lovely surprise. Plus location was very convenient for shopping, shows,…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or20-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea ,After reading a lot of reviews I was a bit worried about booking tea for 2 but I was quite surprised. We arrived and were seated the staff were friendly they brought tea and coffee we got refill when we asked food was good sandwiches and cakes couldn’t eat all took some home. We stay for a long time catching up and staff didn’t rush us. We got the deal on groupon so wasn’t expecting much but it was good nice and quite could hear our selves talk which was nice.  Wasn’t as bad as I had read depends what u want from tea for 2 wasn’t the rizt but was still lovely. We  had a glass of process each can’t fault it for what we paid for.  Would recommend I say always judge for your self ,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or20-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good experience ,"I have to say after booking unlike me I looked at some of the reviews that were somewhat harsh I feel ..  My personal experience of the hotel was a good experience , my room was a good size, very clean and well appointed .. the shower was amazing on full blast .. the service was very friendly from the moment we checked in from the front desk to every member of the team that served us , nothing was to much trouble .   The hotel is in a great position in terms of Mayfair , tubes and restaurants. I thought it was good value for money in London.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or25-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very run down ,Hotel very run down and in poor state of repair with alot of wear and tear. Plus 1 out 2 lifts out of service. No bar service on Saturday evening and average breakfast with limited fruit or milk alternatives. Clean room and great location. ,Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or25-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I would not return!!,"Washington Hotel I’m really sorry to write this as I really don’t like like to write negative reviews.....Your staff were rude and abrupt on reception when we checked in.  The same with the head waiter at breakfast he snapped at us and told us abruptly to sit down when we asked where the coffee machine was, instead of explaining were everything was.  Tatty and uninviting, some bad workmanship. Guests asked to use the service lift which is in the cleaners cupboard.  Old dated Christmas decorations. In need of some serious management.  Great location. Breakfast ok. Large room, nice bathroom.  We usually use The Rembrandt in Knightsbridge and will go back there next time.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or25-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Choose Another Hotel,We stayed here for a Rick Steve’s Tour. The rooms are not clean and the pictures on this site are not what I experienced at all. The shades were dirty and so was the bed frame. I definitely would not ever stay here again.  The carpet is soiled and the rooms are very small. We left a day early because we did not want to stay here any longer.,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or25-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"This was the worst experience of High Tea. On arrival, no one offered to take our coats. We were seated on a round table of 8, we were only 4. Only tea or coffee was offered. Once seated and after the first pot of tea and coffee, no waiter came up to us for the next 2 hours. Some cakes were shapeless and appeared like they were from previous guest left overs, added to our tray. Never before have we experienced such low standards. An absolute waste of our time and money. Central London, Mayfair located Hotel, apart from the location they have Zero Customer Service Levels.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or25-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Borderline derelict,Having been booked by an organisation I sit on the board of I left the booking in the teams hand. I historically have never been comfortable with other people making bookings for me but as we have been busy I made a fatal mistake!  The room was reportedly presented as an upgrade and recently refurbished. I would question the interpretation the word Refurbished as I think they must have missed this room!  I believe given the various signs around the hotel it is being worked on but here’s some of the facts.  Neither of the main lifts worked. One failed with us in it but luckily we were able to get out!  Room 704 “refurbished” the pictures tell the truth. Cracked glass in the window and seals missing so very draughty. The window frame is covered in dirt hence the grey taint in the…,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or30-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,We got this through Virgin experience. Must say overall we have had better. We started with a glass of champagne then came the sandwiches and cakes. We did like the smoked salmon in paticullaly. As for the cakes nice enough everything was well presented. What let it down is that I had call someone over because they forgot the tea. Yes folks no tea with an afternoon tea. Also it was tea bag tea not loose leaf. Should have loose tea. The tea was Twinings by the way. On the whole had better teas.,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or30-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but not worth the cost","Stayed one night, very good location, nice room, friendly, helpful staff, but really not worth the cost. I wouldn't stay here again even though it's a great location, just not worth £300 a night. There's better value out there.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or30-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 300 GBP per night hotel | Street Noise,"The hotel itself is quite dated, as are many hotels in London. What I don’t think is forgivable is that the windows are so very bad that even on the 6th floor of the hotel, the sound from the street is as if you are standing on the street. You here people, cars...   Business people go to hotels for 2 key reasons: good night sleep and being connected. Forget the good night sleep here...",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or30-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, poor service and dirty","The hotel is in an excellent location But it is extremely “tired”, the rooms are dirty, I don’t know if they change ever the carpets, for two and half days my room was adorned with rubbishes, till when I told it in the reception and they collected some of them.  I asked, even if I stayed in a superior room to see a better room for my next stay because I adore the location and I m still waiting The service is also very poor.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or30-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Its the people and location,"This hotel is SPOT on for location. Every thing is easy to get to. The hotel has an Art Deco flair and its cozy. The Staff won me over. From our VERY early arrival I didn't feel well, the managers found us a room that I could take at 9am. The bar staff is kind as well as the restaurant staff. Yes, they are nicer rooms and more posh places to stay. But, why when you have the right locations and the people working there.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or35-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Central located / London downtown,"In short walking distance to Green Park (Subway), Piccadilly Circle und Trafalgar Square. Nice Hotel with friendly staff. Room was clean, water bottles served. Breakfastbuffet was britsh morning standart.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or35-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Hotel pretends to be „high” standard but in fact it is an average quality. However, I still recommend it! Great location next to Green Park  in the hearth of London with Tesco just on the other side od street. I’ve been there twice already and I will come back during next trip. ",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or35-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not my idea of 4 star,Really helpful concierge service on arrival but the reception staff were not helpful. The lounge areas and hallways were nicely decorated but the bedroom furniture was dated and the wood was chipped. The breakfast was basic and expensive at £22 a head. For a £300 room I would expect more. I wouldn't stay here again.,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or35-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Friday night dining ,"Ate here in July, food and service was superb. Changed menu in October, wasn't as impressed and service although pleasant wasn't as good. Won't return enjoyed it the first time, should've left my experience there ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or35-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"This hotel needs a lot of updating.  I stayed in room 301 and can’t decide whether I was sleeping above a tube, below a flight path, or the rickety lifts were causing the rumbling every two minutes. The bathroom was particularly poor, with cracked tiles, a jacuzzi bath that didn’t work and numerous hairs left from previous occupants.  There was also no iron in the room, though I was brought one when I rang reception, and none of the plug sockets offered a USB charging port. I appreciate that it’s Mayfair, and this is probably the cheapest hotel you can stay in, but I unfortunately I don’t think I’ll stay again.  On the plus side, it’s a five minute walk from Green Park and does have a gym, though this isn’t stated on the website.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or40-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary meal ,Found this restaurant via Groupan.  The staff were very friendly and helpful which helped to make our visit pleasurable.  The ambience of the restaurant is beautiful and the food was of a good quality.  As this was a Groupan deal it was definitely good value and we would go again ,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or40-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair is perfect for your London stay,"Quiet little hotel in a wonderful location near the hidden gem of the Sheppard's Market with incredible restaurants and shops..  Rooms are functional, but hard beds after long days of walking.  Staff was very friendly.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or40-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","So Helpful, it’s heart full","My husband often stays in this hotel for business. He really likes it and all the staff! Recently it was our anniversary and he was at the Washington Mayfair. I wanted to give him some flowers in his room for the week. They responded to my query quickly, were very nice and approachable, organised some red roses (at a very reasonable price!) and had it ready when he arrived!  Couldn’t have asked for more! Thank you ☺️",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or40-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a weekend in central London...,I stayed on Saturday night. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The location is absolutely fantastic and the room was spacious and spotless. The bed was very comfy. I would definitely visit again. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or40-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location with helpful, friendly staff!","A fantastic central location with smiley friendly and helpful staff.  Rooms were very clean and well presented with all the amenities that we could need for an overnight stay.    The bathroom was well supplied with toiletries and very clean.  The location of the hotel is incredible with so much within walking distance, its a welcome change to having to take tubes, buses or taxis.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay again and hope to do so in the near future!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or45-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing experience,I had stayed at this hotel over Christmas 2018 while on a tour with Rick Steve's Europe tours and had a wonderful stay. I decided to stay again on my recent visit in September 2019 with two of my friends. The location is incredible! You can walk right out and across the street to Buckingham Palace. However this time the service and standards were greatly lacking. My friends switched rooms because the other was dirty and broken. The TVs in the room worked on and off throughout the stay. Kept having to call someone up to fix. Two of the days the TV didn't work at all. When checking out they did little to compensate for this huge inconvenience which left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't ever return.,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or45-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",one night stop,To be honest i was a little disappointed. The Room didn't live up to style and appearance of the entry.  Reception was excellent and staff very polite and efficient.t Key entry to the room was novel and much better than a swipe card. The room itself was small . There was tea making facilities but know biscuits.  I was surprised to find no iron or ironing board in the room. However one was brought to the room when requested. Shower and bathroom ok but it took a long time for the water to run hot. Breakfast was very good but at £24.00 i felt the price a little toppy. I may be judging the hotel unfairly as it is situated in the Park Lane area which is expensive. You can get similar quality at a lower price if you are prepared to be more flexible on location.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or45-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,"Afternoon tea very poor. Was shown to our table this was not in a restaurant it felt like we were in a waiting area in the lobby. Sandwiches poor quality, cakes also poor quality. Scones were shop bought not homemade was not offered refills for tea and coffee felt rushed like they didn’t want us there. Ours was a virgin experience voucher so maybe that was why service and tea was so poor ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or45-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Upgraded, friendly staff... overpriced food and drink","We went yesterday as a quick night away, it was a nice hotel we were upgraded which was nice and the staff were friendly enough. We went to the bar before heading out, were sat at a table with a sign saying ""a charge of £25 is given for the use of this table"" luckily we weren't charged as the table was marked, the sofas were unclean and stained and we didnt ask for the table. I asked for a rosè prosecco and got wine instead, nice enough but wasn't what I ordered. We returned in the evening and went to bed pre ordering breakfast for our room. Breakfast was charged at £22 a head, luckily ours was included. It was worse than basic, the poached eggs were hard the bacon was dry and hard, the sausages were dry; the mushrooms were greasy... the bread was a brown crust less piece of…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or45-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location is good but the rest???,"Location of the hotel is good but the rooms are small and the furniture is old.  Beds are noisy.  During my stay at about three oclock a women started to yell and cry.  Bumbing the doors, running in the room.  It lasted more than three hours and I had to work next day.  They should be careful of the people they book the room. It ıs a quite costly hotel.  You pay a lot of money and you can’t sleep because of the noise. It ıs not acceptable.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or50-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not what expected,The hotel was dirty. The door broken. The front desk were not friendly at all. Not a good experience in this hotel. The overall aspect of the hotel is old and dirty. The only good thing of the hotel is the location.,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or50-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea ,"My husband and I went there day as a treat to Mayfair. We walked around Mayfair and Piccadilly area from about an hour with great  excitement . We were really looking forward to our big treat and had been looking forward .we have had afternoon teas at various venues around London and other various locations in UK . What a disappointment it was today at Washington Hotel . As soon as we entered the area - it was hot and no air conditioning. We thought we will Be ok and order some cold water. The staff were fantastic and courteous. The food brought was not tasty and the variety choice was not so good . Also the amount of sandwiches was not adequate. Basically it was a let down .It was not worth the cost we had paid . Very very poor .we can not blame the staff, chef , Barman.  It…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or50-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Family vacation,This is the second time we stayed at the Washington Mayfair and had a great stay.  The rooms are comfortable and staff is always friendly.  Location for shopping and sight-seeing is close to many stores and restaurants.,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or50-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, nice neighborhood, close to subway and Buckingham Palace","We were on a tour and we stayed at the Washington Mayfair hotel.  It was nice & clean; had coffe & tea in the room plus a small refrigerator.  Breakfast was included in our tour and it included eggs, pastries, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bangers(sausages) and coffee.  We were 2 and 1/2 blocks from the Green Park Station of the Piccadilly line.  Green Park was across from the station, and Buckingham Palace was maybe a 10 minute walk.  There were 3 computers for use in the lobby and you could get copies of boarding passes.  There was also a ""small"" safe.  And a convenience store right across the street.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or50-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in upscale district,"I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel, it's one of the better ones I have stayed in while visiting London (and I've stayed in a few). The room was big and spacious and the staff were very efficient and helpful. The only slight issue was the door of my room, the wood paneling was slightly scraped and to lock it you had to literally slam it hard. I saw some maintenance technicians working on the other doors on the floor so hopefully the hotel is just weeks away from looking it's best. However, that doesn't detract from anything and I would come back to this hotel anytime. The area around the hotel is great, with many upscale restaurants and probably the best bookshop in London I have ever visited.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or55-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great anniversary stay," Came here to stay one night for our anniversary. We informed the hotel prior to our stay and spoke with Yvette in the reservations . We were upgraded to a superior room . It was a lovely room on the 7th floor , clean &great air conditioning . Room had a safe and fridge , provided with toiletries and gown / slippers .  They also decorated our room with petals and balloons and we got a cake with a letter from the manager for our anniversary- lovely touch . Breakfast was great , varied food and lots to choose from . It’s a 5 minute walk to Green park tube station . All in all a great stay . Thank you 😄",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or55-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",amazing stay,I stayed for one week in mid of August and i was super comfortable in the hotel. the location is just perfect 10 minutes away from Beckingham Palace and all services are available around the hotel. the staff was extremly nice and i ordered to change the room and they showed me another option very pollitely. the only thing that the hoyel lobby and breakfast area need refreshremnt and everything would be perfect. ill come back again.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or55-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Mayfair Hotel,"We especially enjoyed the breakfast staff.  Valentin and Valencia were gracious, sharing their smiles and making us feel at home.  We did have problems with our room, losing air conditioning and television.  The kind and efficient staff solved problems to make our stay pleasant.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or55-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Do not stay -- dirty, small room","I was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Washington Mayfair. First, the hotel is old and outdated -- a 3 star hotel at best, not 4. The halls reminded me of something out of a horror movie with scrapes all along the walls and deeply worn out spots in the carpet. There was also no way to close your door except to basically slam it shut, which, considering the varying degrees of nightlife and sightseeing in London, was bothersome to say the least.  The rooms were not better. There were stains all over the curtains and chairs, and the room had an overall 'dirty' feel to it. The rooms are also significantly darker than they look in the pictures. The service was a little bizarre and unfriendly as well, both upon check in and check out, and quite frankly throughout the stay.…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or55-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Spoiled short rest,"A particular disappointment was that upon arrival, they provided a lower category room than in the reservation, and even at the same price.  We booked a Deluxe room with twin beds, and provided a standard room with one bed.  The cost was not counted, as a result, the standard room was just an extra bed.  in a room of 20 sq.m there was a large bed and an extra one.  Like this?  At the reception they promised to change the room, but this did not happen.  We will definitely not stay at this hotel anymore.  And you are not advised.  Stayed for one night, but the rest was spoiled.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or60-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast not included...,"Good points: great location, friendly and welcoming staff. Good size room and bathroom. Firm and comfortable bed.   Bad points: noise... acoustics are awful,  can hear people in the corridors, neighbouring rooms. Windows would not close, hence traffic noise disturbances throughout the night.  Breakfast is not included in the rates, not willing to pay a further 10% on top of the room rate. Thankfully there are decent cafes nearby.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or60-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",After many years and visits - we're never disappointed and keep going back!,"I can highly recommend the Washington-Mayfair Hotel and unequivocally state that they have consistently delivered over many years of my visits.  Of course, the property is brilliantly located but the staffing team from booking, check-in, management, housekeeping and room service have never once disappointed - they are wholly professional and go the extra mile.  They have made us feel as if our visits matter as their very welcomed guests.  I have always found the rooms and facilities to be well-appointed, modern and very clean to high standards.  I don't bother ever looking to stay elsewhere when we're in London!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or60-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, location, and family-friendly hotel","We just spent 8 days as a family  at The Washington Mayfair. Our  room was clean ,updated,  had very good air conditioning  and strong water which  are especially important if you will be visiting in the summer. You will be pleasantly surprised by the peace and quiet , very much unlike US hotels. The room was of a good size for a European hotel. Special mention to Mel,  Tipu , and Ron who took care of us during our stay.  I did not get the name of the gracious Indian or Bangladeshi lady who attended to us during breakfast. The service at this hotel truly stood out.  The hotel is centrally located in the Mayfair district which is a 5-minute walk to the Green Park station and gains you access to all the landmarks in London in 10 to 15 minutes on the Underground ( subway ) lines or…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or60-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Cosimo - the bar tender,"Cosimo is the name of the long standing bar tender at the Washington Hotel on Curzon St, Mayfair, London. Cosimo is the best bar tender on the planet and has become like family to me.  He makes a fantastic cosmopolitan !coincidence ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or60-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"This is a Fantastic west end London  hotel with a great location, the bedrooms are clean and a good size, top freindly service. Breakfast is ace with really good service. This is my first choice hotel whenever i come to London. MCFC",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or65-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent meal,"Excellent three course meal, fish cakes to start, main salmon and chicken, warm peacan pie, all superb with a glass of wine. The restaurant is quiet, our waitress Betina from Poland was super friendly, attentive and a great waitress, we can't wait to return. Toilets downstairs very clean. ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or65-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",dont blame the staff,"well just got back from a 2 night stay at this hotel we had a king deluxe room (301) , I didn't read too much into this hotel prior to a few days before our visit as it was just some were to stay over the weekend while why  we attended Hyde park event. and it came  as an American Express special offer, so we chose to stay here with friends for the two night while in London, pulled up at door in a taxi and the door man was at our cab door taking our bags in and showing us reception, check in was smooth and direct with information about breakfast and what floor our room was on, the lifts are fine, yes you wont get 20 people in them but 6 or 7 is comfortable (subject to size) upon entering our room all seem ok,  we left our bags to unpack later , upon returning we looked around the…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or65-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay for city break - awful experience,"Booked this as a treat for myself and partner. Room was advertised as £180 per night for a standard double room. On website the photos look perfectly fine and normal for a fairly posh hotel close to Buckingham Palace.   On arrival the reception team were abrupt and not as welcoming as I had hoped for what I was paying.   Room was difficult to find and half expected to be offered our bags be taken up but this was not offered at all.  Whilst trying to find our room, the corridors were laden with hoovers, ironing boards and dirty carpets.   When we found our room, what we saw was disgusting.   Floor boards were chipped and paint was peeling away.  Mattress was lumpy, creaky and desperately uncomfortable.  The ceiling above the bed appears to have damp marks and the doors to what…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or65-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Trip with daughter turned out to be a nightmare,This hotel should be avoided. Rude unhelpful staff. Poor breakfast. Air con not working. Had to move rooms at 12 am as noise. Left expensive top and retainer braces to be told there not there. AVOID!!,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or65-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel in need of a make over,"I stayed here because I really liked the area of London and Its good infrastructure to the subway. I honestly expected more for a 4 star hotel. Concierge always delegated me to the reception guy and vice versa. Interior was a little spooky (especially in the restaurant - Christmas lightning and fake trees, breakfast wasn't worth 15 gbp and the halls smelled like old carpet and one cigarette too much. Rooms were fine. After we gave room service some extra money they even cleaned the room properly. Not very good quality for that money I paid.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or70-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,We needed to stay in central London and found this hotel online. The position is great and centrally located.The staff were very friendly. The room was a good size for a city hotel. The bathroom was a decent size and had a very good shower. Breakfast was included and had a broad selection of food  . Overall would recommend this hotel and is good value for money,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or70-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Satisfied,"I stayed here for 4 nights while on business in London. It was a good location for my business and personal needs. The price was reasonable given the area. The room was acceptable although to my own taste it was a little dated. Thats just a personal preference, I prefer the contemporary decor as opposed to the traditional. Breakfast was OK, no complaints, for dinner etc I was going out. We also used a meeting room for our business purposes and it came with light catering. This service was also well delivered. I have no complaints and would consider using the hotel again for business purposes. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or70-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID,"I could not possibly recommend this hotel nor would consider staying there again. The room I stayed in was extremely noisy, with what sounded like trolleys scraping on metal all night. The room smelt musty and the overall impression was that the furnishings were extremely 'tired'. The breakfast experience was certainly not enjoyable - firstly I had difficulty in getting a waiters attention and eventually after five mins, my request for tea was served from a ready made flask. I then insisted on a pot on tea. There was no butter, only Flora, and I was told that that butter had run out and they would find some. This is certainly not acceptable for a 4* hotel. The staff were indifferent and offhand. I was pleased to leave and find a cafe to get a decent coffee as again, this was…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or70-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Bathroom drain completed clogged.,"I wouldn't consider, nor recommend, staying here again after our experience with the room and with their customer service. From when we arrived, the drain to the bathtub was so clogged that it took hours to drain. And, after running the shower for a few minutes we would be standing in 4-5 inches of water.  By our 4th and final day the drain had completed stopped draining.  2 plumbers worked on the drain for about 4 hours the day before we left and were not able to fix the problem. Management claimed that they weren't aware of any drainage issue prior to our arrival and I believe that they were unaware, which presents a whole new set of issues.  If the housekeeping service cleaned the bathtub properly then they would have noticed the issue.  So, they either noticed it and didn't…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or70-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID!,"I stayed here to surprise my boyfriend for valentine’s day and I can honestly say I’ve never had a worse experience staying in a hotel. The room was nothing like the photos and was extremely basic. I asked for rose petals and white/milk chocolates to be laid on the bed (for which I was charged £15) to find PLASTIC bits that barely resembled any sort of petals and NO CHOCOLATES. I called and asked for the chocolates to be sent up, they came up with a PLASTIC BAG of TRUFFLES which is nothing at all like what I had asked for and did certainly not amount to the additional £15 charge I had paid. I asked for my money back only to receive an extremely rude response from the office manager, Laura, who told me that I shouldn’t complain because the truffles were expensive.. even though I…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or75-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"A fellow vegetarian treated me to this and the sandwiches(usually the downfall for us as vegetarians), scones and fancies were lovely and very well presented.  The service was friendly,attentive and helpful in an elegant airy dining room.  A little background music would have topped off the experience so conversations were kept a bit more private and relaxed.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or75-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic experience!,"I went with a friend for afternoon tea. The food was ok (finger sandwiches were just that), good scones. We didn't finish all the pastries as they were bit too sweet for our taste. The venue itself looks a bit dated. The staff were excellent! Very nice, polite and attentive. Would recommend it for sure.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or75-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Visited for afternoon tea, found it very disappointing all round,food was mediocre , service wasn’t  great, staff didn’t really check to see if needed Our tea or drinks refilled,we do afternoon tea all the time in other  hotels always outstanding service this was first time coming here  & doubt will go back again.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or75-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid Afternoon Tea @ Washington Hotel,"The hotel needs a complete refurbishment; it’s so out of date. There a 4/5 star hotels near by that are so much better. We went for afternoon tea via Groupon; the main restaurant area has no soul, completely bland decor; no back ground music, no atmosphere, air conditioning not working, they had fans blowing hot air; it really was a awful experience when I compare it to other hotels where we’ve had afternoon tea. The food itself was just ok; the bread was dry, so definitely wasn’t fresh and neither was anything else. Try St Paul’s Hotel in Hammersmith for afternoon tea with free flowing champagne; you’ll really enjoy it. The Dorchester etc are also very good",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or75-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea ,"Lovely champagne afternoon tea after a visit to the V&A museum, arrived a little  early from our booking time but had no issues waiting to be seated, nice surroundings and our tea was served brilliantly by Betio who was friendly and left us to eat, but when I looked up to ask something he was there immediately. Thank you for an enjoyable time ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or80-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant meal,"I visited this hotel for lunch today (11/05/19) with a group of old school friends one of whom had got a deal from Groupon and booked in advance.  We only paid £15 per head for a 3-course meal with a glass of wine, which is unbelievable value.  Because of the low price we paid, we expected portions to be small, but they were not, and the food quality was excellent, too.  I had salmon fish cakes for starter that were very tasty and chicken for main that melted in the mouth.  The brownie for dessert was the moist and delicious.  I will definitely go back again.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or80-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Spacious And very comfortable room,"Great location, very courteous staff warm and welcoming. Breakfast was OK.   Room was a bliss,  great bed slept so well,  elevator look bit old but no big deal considering rest of the property,  enjoyed the overall experience",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or80-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice room,foreign uninformed staff","Nice room.foreign staff.receptionist hadn't heard of Shaftesbury avenue,and the hotel is just off Piccadilly! Also never heard of the 'Sunday Times'...can now see why so many people voted to leave the EU.even tho I didn't.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or80-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Staff went out of their way to make my mothers birthday extra special,I cannot say even thank yous to Patricia and staff at the hotel that decorated the room for my mother for her birthday. Patricia went out of her way to arrange for flowers and chocolates to surprise my mother on her 75th birthday.  Every trip to London my mother stays at this hotel and time and time again the service and amenities are incredible.  I cannot thank them enough for making this stay extra special.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or80-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,Stayed two weeks in a row. And thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Both rooms were very comfortable all the staff very friendly. Did not have breakfast so cannot comment. Little gym that I used was great. Location perfect. I would stay again Luiza ,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or85-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London trip ,"Hotel is clean, nice and staff are helpful. I would recommend as a base for a trip to london. A lot of nearby attractions (Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Theatres) Breakfast good, a bit expensive for what you got but i guess that is London prices ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or85-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,"Really disappointed today. The food was mediocre, the bread too thick, especially for cucumber sandwiches which were dry. The scones were very nice but it we really needed a little more cream but nobody came back to check everything was alright. We were not offered more tea/water so a thumbs down for the service. When we left no one asked if we wanted a doggy bag for all the uneaten cakes or if we had had a good time. There is plenty of competition in this area for afternoon tea and I will not be returning to The Washington next time, I will be taking my business elsewhere.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or85-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Lovely afternoon tea with champagne for two. I was given this as a birthday gift, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. the staff were very attentive. It was a relaxing experience and we had plenty to eat and drink.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or85-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,Bought afternoon tea as a gift for our 2 Nieces and they thoroughly enjoyed it. It was one of the ladies 60 th birthday and they both had a wonderful afternoon and the food was lovely . Wasn’t sure if they would enjoy but they were very happy,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or85-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great loaction,"One night stay here for work ...   Good location and staff very friendly and helpful ....   Breakfast was good and plenty of choice ... Didn't use restaurant for anything other than breakfast,    Room was nice and spacious , very clean and comfortable ..  Will be staying here again.... ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or90-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,"Visited this hotel for afternoon tea. Staff friendly and courteous, made to feel welcome. Requested alternative sandwiches and staff accommodated with no problem. Food lovely and sufficient for afternoon tea for two. Dining area lovely and bright. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or90-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Stunning,"I stayed with my partner for his birthday, and it was truly memorable.   The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms beautifully decorated, the marble bathroom oozed elegance.   Staff were extremely polite, and helpful and they made this stay very special.   I utilised the Concierge Service to arrange balloons & cake to be in the room for our arrival and they truly delivered a beautiful room filled with decorations and everything I had asked for. They also upgraded the room kindly as this was a celebration.   Hats off to the staff for liaising with me on these arrangements - I will be returning and recommending.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or90-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sparkling afternoon tea,Warm welcome from all staff. Drinks arrived quickly food followed shortly. Food good and when we asked for more tea and jam staff happy to help and quick service. Only thing small cakes not hand made but still nice scone warm and tasty.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or90-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, small rooms","Hotels in London come with very small rooms, and the Washington is no exception. I was upgraded at check-in to a ”superior” king room,  which was a pleasant surprise, however the room was still very cramped. The bed was comfortable, though, and the bathroom came with a bathtub and a wall-mounted shower with excellent water pressure. Temperature control, however, wasn’t very easy. Either the water was ice cold or almost boiling hot.  There’s a safe in the room, as well as coffee/tea making facilities, but no water bottles. The small window had not-very-beautiful views of the backyard, to put it nicely, but the room was well-lit thanks to effective lightning.  The breakfast was a very basic buffet with what you would expect in the UK. It wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t anything extra,…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or90-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Strange place,"So I usually stay at another hotel in the area, but it was last minute and full. This was another preferred work 4* hotel in the area in budget.  The good- friendly staff, quick check in and big room. Room was clean and bed was comfy. Bathroom fairly modern.  The bad- hotel is tiered, doors, door handles, desk tatty, furniture chipped.  It’s just a strange place, pink table clothes in the bar, odd split floors.  If you don’t have a choice it’s ok and you’ll have a good nights sleep. But if you do, spend the money elsewhere. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or95-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, fantastic staff","I was in London with five of my friends and we stayed 3 nights at the hotel, we loved the stay.  The staff is very helpful & friendly.  Rooms we stayed in large and very comfortable.  English breakfast was very good. The location is very good, about 10min walk to Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus. Around the hotel are many restaurants. We all would stay at Washington Mayfair again.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or95-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great meal,great service","2 course meal and wine would most definitely visit again. Starter smoked fish pate excellent, main Poached Hake with roasted veg good portions. The house Red was so nice we had refills. This meal was bought from groupon and was a great experience.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or95-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Service and Stay at Mayfair London,"Stayed at this hotel on business during March 2019. Although this is not the first time I stay in this hotel, I noticed an improvement in the service and the room maintenance. Generally speaking, while this is not a 5 starts hotel, it is well located, very clean, nice staff, good breakfast so it is a nice place to stay while affording an acceptable price.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or95-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",There’s a reason why it’s cheap whilst in Mayfair,"Don’t get me wrong. The hotel is actually alright. At the rate my office had booked me in, there was amazing value. But if it weren’t for the fact that I had to stay there, I wouldn’t.   For those of us who are regularly pampered by a great hotel in Asia, this hotel will remind you of Fawlty Towers. With the weird split level floors and basic rooms, I was almost felt like asking for Basil and Manuel.  Three key points for me. 1. The room was amazingly basic. Decorations felt like I was staying in a motel in the Midwest US. The bed was decent but all the furniture was in desperate need of replacement. The desks were old school boy wooden desks with lift up tops. The paint on the desks had even worn out. The carpet was pretty threadbare though not quite skinned. The saving grace…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or95-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The tiniest room we have ever slept in, uncomfortable and breezy. Concrete pillows and mediocre mattress. Only one tiny bedside table, completely cluttered by a single bedside lamp which did not work and a phone. The safe did not work and needed new batteries. Hair dryer which did not produce a warm air flow. Cold only. Empty minibar. Exiting the bathtub can be very dangerous, because it is not level with the bathroom floor (it's above), so you can easily break a leg. Fixed shower with no hose shower option. TV function is tricky, at first we even thought it was broken, waiting time until the image finally appears is ludicrous. We have asked for maintenance people 4 or 5 times in 2 days. Inexistent luggage opening bench/stool. Low quality/variety breakfast. With such a low hotel…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A gorgeous hotel with a great location.,"I came here to stay on my birthday - they were informed it was my birthday, so went to the kind and unnecessary lengths of putting balloons in the room and even bringing me a slice of chocolate cake, (which was HEAVENLY!).   The breakfast in the morning is great, a breakfast spread of everything you'd expect; hot and cold.   The location is fantastic, a 10 min walk from the heart of Oxford Street, but also a 2 min walk to Green Park, and with London tubes, you can get to anywhere in London.   The bathroom is lovely - stocked with Crabtree and Evelyn products and a gorgeous walk in shower.  I see complaints about room size - I saw no issue. Mine was spacious enough, there was enough room for two people to get ready. People just being fussy if you ask me!  The staff are brilliant…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Avoid this hotel. I just tried to write a review on their Facebook page and it’s only accepting good reviews, not negative reviews.  Upon arrival, the staff were nice enough to let me and my wife have afternoon tea after 5pm. That is the only Good thing they did.  Afterwards we noticed things weren’t up to standard because the tv didn’t work, the bath tap was broken and their was “grease” around the bath rim. Also when we came in from our night out, we couldn’t get into our room because the key didn’t work.  The duty manager initially offered a discount on an upgraded room for our next visit ? Why would I come back to hotel of such bad standard ?  He then only offered to deduct breakfast from our bill as a means to make up for their shabby crap hotel. He then proceeded to say to…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",disappointed,"room was far too small, not that clean and the staff not that friendly, very difficult to understand them or having a conversation or trying to solve a problem. as usual they took my credit card and charged £100 by checkout they said they charge it back. but this doesn’t happen, after 10 days i called them and then they did it. not very trustable i think. breakfast was just a bit more than nothing and what they had wasn’t that good... so, all of them speak a very bad english what was really not very helpful during my stay. it wasn’t my first stay, but in hope they turned into friendly and a better english i booked again... now, never again...",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but room for improvement ,"Myself and my partner stayed here for one night. Upon check in and throughout the staff were lovely and couldn’t do enough for us.   The room was nice upon a first glance but when you had a more in depth look it was rather dusty in obvious places, the cupboard had a loose handle and there was a bitten apple left in the mini fridge. We didn’t mention this to the hotel staff as we aren’t too fussy and don’t like to complain really. For the amount of time we spent in the room it wasn’t a huge issue for us. The rooms could do with a bit of a more thorough, final check over before guests are due in. I think the hotel nightly rate is a lot of money for the standard of rooms provided.   The reception area, bar and restaurant were lovely. The breakfast was fabulous, one of the nicest…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Afternoon Tea experience,"Thankyou for a wonderful afternoon tea experience yesterday 10/02/19 My daughter and I were treated wonderfully from the moment we walked through the door,on asking if it was possible to move our appt time to an earlier one,the manager spoke to the chef who made an afternoon tea up especially for us,then and there.How wonderful it was too.The staff,were polite, welcoming,staff to be proud of.The sandwiches amazing,wonderful selection as to were the lovely selection of cakes,and the warm scones delicious.Thankyou again we left happy and will most definitely be back.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Buyer beware,"Web site was difficult to understand and navigate and before I knew it I mistakenly booked two rooms for the same night that I was making my reservation, not for the nights I wished to stay. i know how to use a computer and had never had anything like this happen to me before. When I called to ask if they could simply apply these charges to the nights I wanted I received a flat out ""no"" they were completely inflexible, and i was charged the full charge for the two rooms I didn't want. Just unbelievable. Needless to say I am not going to stay there for the dates I need, and I am going to my company's legal team to see if there is any recourse. It's absolutely shocking that they would not simply apply the charges to the nights I wish to stay instead, perhaps with a small fee for…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, old fashioned, out of touch....","+’ves: The location is great being in the heart of Mayfair and opposite Shepherd Market. Shower pressure was excellent.  -‘ves: the fabric of the building is on its last legs. Furnishings, decor, layout are all decades out of date and the room rates are comparable to its more salubrious neighbours. Staff tried hard but mistakes were frequent and they lacked polish. The room was on the small side, bed felt low quality and the TV / entertainment system archaic.   What this hotel really needs is a multi million pound make over. I won’t be back until it happens. ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We really enjoy going to this hotel.  are customers for many years. We have a room we prefer and they usually ensure we get it.  The location is great it is in walking distance to most of the things we enjoy.  Hyde Park, Green Park, Oxford St.  The clubs and casinos on Curzon St and Mayfair.  There are some lovely small restaurants very near and a couple of pubs.  A small Tesco is also across the road for forgotten essentials.  They have a foyer where you can sit and wait for friends or colleagues.  The rooms are very comfortable.  The staff are very good and helpful.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Spontaneous overnight in London,"Booked this Hotel at short notice. Have been before. Lovely room. Comfortable bed. All facilities available in the room, robes, hairdryer etc. Well located for areas we enjoy... Covent Garden, Regents Street, Piccadilly etc . Well looked after, no complaints, will go back.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed," This is a 4 star Hotel and first impressions in the hallway when checking in was very good. Then we went to our room. This looked ok. Took our shoes off, walked across the carpet to put on the music channel and trod on a small stone. Wasn’t a mega ‘ouch’ but you expect the carpet to have been hoovered, we did step on a couple more at the side of the bed. Unpacked, and found a fridge in the wardrobe, very handy indeed, but now where do I hang my dress and coat as it now does not have full length hanging space. Had to ring downstairs for a hairdryer and a bath mat for the floor. There was plenty of toiletries though. I had a shower, lovely shower I have to say. So went to dry my hair, had to phone reception for this. There was no robes in the bathroom for us to put on, good job…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Handling restaurant complaints needs reviewing,"Went for a Groupon lunch offer and had enjoyed the starter of the set menu. However, the hake for the main course was bland, insipid and tasteless, and not wishing to send it back, used the roast potatoes to camouflage the hake. When the waitress came to remove the plates and saw that we'd left quite a bit of the hake, asked why. We told her and she reported back to the kitchen. She then came back and said that we'd get the dessert for free. However, when we got the bill, we'd been charged for the roast potatoes and the coffees. After a lousy main course, our expectation was not to pay for the extras. We will not be returning. Can understand why we were the only ones there for lunch.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Was disappointed with the price off the room it did not justify the quality off the room ,","Found the staff not helpful . Are room had mould round the bath tub and bathroom just was not up to stranded off a hotel which cost me £250 a night ! ,, the double beds where just two single beds pushed together which was uncomfortable when was sleeping , the people on the floor above us where making so much noise that it woke us up ., we told reception about it in the evening and we just got told to come back in the morning to speak to the the Manager , the manger in the morning just said sorry that’s all we expected a discount on are room but nothing !!, very poor service will not be returning here",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"Check in was a bit of a bad start really. We went as four couple and because they was all booked under one name it took about 4 of the reception team to sort it out. When we finally got to our room, it was lovely. Nice and clean, plenty of space and plenty of room to hang your clothes.  The location was perfect for what we wanted. It was opposite Shepherds Market where there are plenty of bars and pubs. It is a 5-10min walk away from Winter Wonderland, which is why we went to London. The next day it took us around 10mins to get to Oxford Street and on Sunday it took about 5-10mins to get to Buckingham Palace.  The bed was really comfy and the Shower was amazing. We were situated on the side street, 4 floors up and it was so noisy in a morning!! bin men and god knows what else…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Well, for the price, I expected a bit more. It's the most I've paid for a room and I guess it's the location that means they can charge that. Reception booked us in but gave us no information on breakfast time of location. The dark furniture is old. I had to hook my fingers on the edge of the drawers to get them open. The mattress sloped downward to the left. I think a lot of people have sat on the side of the bed. The key didn't work so I had to trek to Reception to get another one. Whilst there, I ask how you switched the TV on. Apparently shoulders TV, then 1 and then Sky twice (He stressed that last one). There were only four coffee sachets on the tray, for two of us. No biscuits etc. We were women at 7.45 by noisy housekeeping staff in the corridor and one tried to get in…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Business Stopover,Business stopover at the Washington and checked in quickly and efficiently. Room was on the 5th floor and was clean and presentable however nothing special. Room faced on to a main road which was quite noisey.  TV was a bit of a nightmare to use which took a little while to work out how to use.  Breakfast was good with a selection of healthy options as well as full English but was on the high price.  Overall an enjoyable stay.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor service,"Pros: hotel location - short walk to Hyde Park, Buckingham palace, Piccadily line and theatres  Cons: poor service We flew in to London on a late flight and did not settle into our room until sometime past 11pm.  Wanted to take a shower after a long journey and noticed that our room was missing a hairdryer.  It was past midnight and I went down to the reception desk to ask for a hairdryer; the reception then directed me to go to the concierge who was occupied with another hotel guest at that time.  I then repeated my request for a hairdryer to the concierge who understandably tried to ask me if I checked various spots in the room, I explained to him I did but there was none.  He said he would bring me one when he finished the booking for the previous guest.  He asked me if I…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea!,"Visited on Sunday afternoon for Afternoon Tea with 3 friends. Beautiful cakes, scones and sandwiches served on pretty china with champagne too. Food was all very fresh and tasty. The staff were all lovely and very attentive. Perfect end to our London Girls’ Weekend! Thank you!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lunch ,Had a trip booked as an anniversary present for lunch for two and it was fantastic.  The food is flavoursome and great quality. Left feeling full and happy.   The wait staff was very attentive. Would recommend. The hotel reception was beautiful but the restaurant itself felt a little dated however didn’t spoil our experience ,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Pretty Good,Ripped Off on Leaving","Stayed here on a Rick Steves Tour, not bad although rooms were pretty hot much of the time.Only real isue occurred upon checkout.We asked the concierge to arrange a ride to Heathrow for us. I made a point of asking if the driver would take our credit card and he said no problem. I also told the driver when he arrived we'd be paying by Visa and he said fine. We got there and he demanded cash. He wound up taking every bit of our cash and was then asking for our change! The guy was a predator. Reported this to the tour operator and hope the hotel staff see this review. It was not their fault but they ought to know this guy they contract with is a crook.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and decent hotel,"Let’s get one thing straight. This is the Big Smoke and you get what you pay for. The location is incredible, the hotel itself is okay. My room was nice but not amazing for £275 per night. I’m staying for 6 nights and feel the room is a bit claustrophobic with nowhere to chill out, maybe a small two seater sofa would make the room feel a bit more homely? The hotel staff are incredibly attentive and helpful. The shepherds market across the road provides a feeling of quintessential England, great pubs and small individual restaurants. I was shocked to find myself in Hogwarts territory, if you’ve done the Ripper walk and been disappointed by the changes to the London landscape over time, visit shepherds market and be transferred back in time. Loved it there. If you fancy a bit of…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t recommend this hotel,"I don’t recommend this hotel. You’d be better spending your money somewhere else. I’ve stayed in other hotels in the same area and they were much better. The rooms here are very basic and they have a smell of old building. The breakfast area is as basic as it can be. However, the worse was the receptionist. He was not helpful at all and didn’t seem to care about his clients. If management wants to improve something they may as well start from training their reception to be more willing to help their clients. Definitely not coming back.  Klairy L.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary meal,We had a reservation at the restaurant for our anniversary. Our server Raquel was lovely and understood what it means to make a good service. The food was good espacially the starters. The mains however were just ok. Worth the money paid in conjunction with our Groupon voucher. All in all a verry plesant visit.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We select this hotel due to the perfect location for our needs and it’s competitive price in comparison to others in this area. The staff we meet were all professional, courteous and helpful.  The room was larger than we expected, but we were surprised not to find the usual hotel manual to advise guests in need. Charging an additional price for breakfast on top of an already high room charge appears to be an increasingly common trend around the world.  This is not something that we are happy with and have never before booked a hotel where this additional charge is made.  However, this hotel is surrounded by shops cafes and restaurants, so should you decide to eat breakfast outside the hotel, you have many option. We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel in The perfect location...,"This hotel is perfectly located in Mayfair, right around the corner from The Ritz and Green Street Tube. Rooms are clean and a nice size but a bit outdated now. Lacking a few amenities but I feel this hotel is more directed towards Business Clients rather than Tourists.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",We booked this hotel for where it was,"The staff were professional and courteous however the room seemed to be missing one bed-side ""cabinet/table"", there were no bedside lights, no information in the room about the hotel itself and for a 4 star hotel would expect slippers!",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sparkling Afternoon tea,"Beautiful location, beautiful food, very attentive staff. Treated my husband for his birthday to sparkling afternoon tea, and was very impressed 5⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️  Easy to find close to tube station  Would definitely recommend",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Over Priced & Out Dated Lodging,"The staff here was very accommodating and pleasant .  However upon  arrival to our room ( located on the 4th floor facing a construction site) I became immediately disappointed in location ( we were tucked off in a corner) & the room decor was antiquated & the room smelled.  It took us 10 minutes to figure out how to operate the lighting & television.  The bathroom accommodations were acceptable not to mention the best thing about the hotel was its shower; which was what i needed after being up for over 24 hours.   Who pays $63.00 ( US currency ) for breakfast...  ""US"" that's who! Never have I paid such an astronomical amount to eat biscuits,  British bacon , and fruit, nevertheless we did and it was by far the worst tasting meal we had that day.  In closing my overall reasons…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lunch at the Washington Mayfair Hotel,"We celebrated an in-laws birthday at the Washington Mayfair Hotel in Madisons Restaurant. The service was very attentive, the food was very good and we were particularly impressed with the childrens menu.   I had the grilled chicken thigh with dill potatoes in a sun blushed tomato sauce, which was delicious. The green pea risotto was also recommended and one of our party enjoyed the well cooked serving.   A restful and quiet atmosphere and I would certainly recommend the set menu. Book in advance.  In the heart of Mayfair, ideal for walks to see the tourist path and all in all a great location.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not value for money - even in London ,We stayed here recently in one of the £400 per night suites As this is Mayfair London I am under no illusion half the room price is location only - therefore I would expect this to be say the same quality as a circa £200 per night hotel outside of London  Location : Brilliant location for London - 5 minutes walk from Green Park and 15 from the West End Really cannot get much better.  Location for sleep: Not ideal opposite a Tesco express which seems to attract a lot of noisy people late at night  Also a delivery took place during our stop at 2:40am - I think this was actually to the hotel which wasn’t ideal as it was that loud it woke both me and my husband Seems to calm down after 11pm (if you don’t get woke by a delivery)   Room: The bed is lovely and comfy and bedding is…,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & very comfortable,"Great location, very friendly and helpful staff, Room was very very clean with ice cold Air Con which was much needed with the hot weather. Large bed very comfortable with large tv on the wall. What more can I say .... one word to sum it up.....Faultless ..... Great stay we will be back 👍😁",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The first London hotel I would consider again,"This hotel might be the first we actually would consider returning to! Our two rooms was cold(or warm if you prefer), clean and quiet!  Good breakfast and hospital staff in reception. Very good location with short distance to everything recquired. Including luxury shops!!  Towels were clean, crispy warm and shower had enough flow and warm water! Nice.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely venue!,"I had received an experience voucher for afternoon tea for my birthday. I booked this for the 14th October at 2pm. It was easy to book over the phone and the person was very polite. I decided to take a good friend with me. On our arrival, we were met with very nice reception staff who told us where the restaurant was and there again, was met with very polite staff. They were very accommodating; being pregnant, i was limited to what i could eat but they had very tasty substitutes. The staff, again, were attentive. The afternoon tea was delicious, we both enjoyed it! I would definitely would like to come back here again",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for the location,"This is a great value for the location.  It's within walking distance, for the fit, to Buckingham Palace and Parliament.  The subway is a few blocks away, giving cheap access to the rest of London.  Cab rides from here to the sights aren't terribly expensive either.  Until staying here, my only sense of Mayfair was Warren Zevon's song, Werewolves of London, in which he says ""lately they've been overheard in Mayfair.  We didn't encounter any werewolves, but we had a fabulous time with a room with a small balcony overlooking the reasonably quiet street. Best of all are the collection of restaurants and pubs, my guess is maybe fifteen, within a block of the hotel. The hotel itself is clean with decent-sized rooms and a very friendly staff.  This is the best ""bang for the buck,"" I…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Appreciated this hotel booked by my tour company ,"We stayed in this hotel 6 nights while on a Rick Steves tour.  Great choice!  Our room was a good size for 2people to share - entryway with built in area for shelves, hanging clothes, fridge, safe and a couple of drawers.  There was also a place for luggage in this area.  The bedroom had a large dresser as well as a small desk/chair.   There was s small table and chair too.  The beds were very comfortable and the bedding very nice.  We were able to easily control our room temperature.  Helpful front desk folks.  Very good breakfast buffet - just missing more options of fresh fruit.  Highly recommend this hotel !",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better but was ok .....,Bedrooms - looked like they had been decorated recently. Beds comfortable. Nice to have sky tv. Complimentary refreshments tray a little lacking. Bathroom a little dated - good point was shower was powerful. Didn’t like that we had silverfish visiting our bathroom though. Made it feel dirty.  Stayed 2 nights and had to ask for room to be cleaned - new towels etc which wasn’t good.  Well located for Central London. Restaurant was dated too - table decor old fashioned. Menu very basic.  For the price we paid I would have liked it to be a bit more special.  Ideal hotel if you only want it to sleep in.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location!","We love the Mayfair area and always stay here when we come to London. This is our first time at this hotel. There are nice public areas but our room was disappointing. It was small (which was expected) and dark, there was only one nightstand, it really is better suited to be a single, not good for 2 people.   We were on the first floor (second in the US) room number 123. Right outside our non-view window was the bottom of a rooftop/courtyard with cigarette butts and dead plants level with the window which made it feel like a basement room. Above the bed was a weird access panel that was unfinished and dirty. It was right by a storage room so the room was a little noisy. We had problems with our keys and had to have them replaced multiple times daily. The staff was friendly and…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","No major complaints, but it's a real throwback","No complaints about the hotel, location is fantastic and staff were helpful.  We only had a single night stay on our way back home to the US and we were upgraded to a Junior Suite, which was a nice touch.  Overall though, the hotel is looking tired.  I have no doubt that in it's hey-day it was spectacular, and it could be again, either modernised or cleaned up and retain the retro look (it'd actually work really well in the capacity), but either way, spend a few $ on it and it would be stunning.  At the end of the day, the bed was comfortable, the room was clean, the staff were helpful and the location was great.  Based on that, we'd stay again.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Thanks for a wonderful stay!,"We wanted to write this review to thank everyone there for such a wonderful stay this weekend. Obviously my proposal came as news to me but I understand all the stops were really pulled out once my (now) fiance let you know what his plans were. Thank you so much for the upgrade (gorgeous rooms!), the cake and balloons in the room and the cake delivered with our breakfast in the morning. Everyone we met there was very lovely and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would absolutely stay again. Thank you! Leigh and Mike x",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",1good and 1 tired visit,"We stayed for 4 nights , left London for 6 nights and then came back for 1 night before flying home to the US. The Location was fab-2 blocks to a major tube line, 10 min walk to Piccadilly and a great selection of pubs 1 block from the hotel.  Breakfast staff was lovely but the chefs could have offered 1 item different each day for variety.    The Concieriege was worthless-we asked several times for restaurant recommendations and received chain restaurant recommendations.  He priced theatre tickets through a broker who built 30% into the total cost vs. calling the theatre directly.  Our room for the first 4 night stay was just fine.  When we returned for the 1 night stay at the end of our trip was extremely tired-peeling paint, worn and stained carpet, paint scratched off 1/3 of…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",why couldn't they locate lost property after housekeeping had left,"realised I'd left my phone charger in my room after I checked out - called at 5pm the same day to say that I was closeby and could I come around to pick the charger up.   I was told that no, I could not because housekeeping had left and there was no way to check. Could I come back the next day - which I could not...  Surely at hotel at £300 per night has a facility for lost items? should be pretty srtaightforward.  Anyhow had to go out and buy another charger.....",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A nightmare,"When I checked in I couldn’t believe my upgraded room was really a stinky smelly smoking room. How could that be, since I’d upgraded to a prepaid larger room for a six-day stay? The second day made it clear and I tried to check out. Agreeing to relocate to another room, the bed pillows stank of cigarette smoke. There was no stocked minibar. There was no evidence of the prepaid bottle of white wine. And there was the smell!! This hotel does not fulfill its contractual requirements. And I still have not been refunded the four days I prepaid! Buyer beware!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel close to Park Lane,I stayed here on business having used this hotel several times before. It is located a short walk from Park Lane and Green Park Tube Station. Rooms are of a decent size with good bathrooms. Nice bar area.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury rooms at a reasonable price,"A great find of a hotel in Mayfair at a reasonable price. Perfect location for restaurants, cafés & bars & all sightseeing venues, with very friendly & helpful concierge & reception staff. Our room was on the 3rd floor with every amenitie, including a large jacuzzi bath, 2 flat screen TVs & a large double bedroom. Definitely recommend & worth a stay.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea,"Birthday gift lovely afternoon tea in great surroundings. Great selection of sandwiches and cakes beautifully presented,too much to eat in one go.  staff very attentive, only downside no selection of teas only one available which is unusual for afternoon tea.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good comfortable hotel in great Mayfair location,"A very well-located hotel in the Mayfair area, close to anything (easy walking distance) in the Oxford St / Regent St / Piccadilly area.  The staff at the hotel are very friendly and helpful, and attentive to needs.  My particular room was a good size, and well-appointed and generally clean.  Only point of note is that the carpets could use a cleaning (both in rooms and elevators especially), as some guests seem a bit sloppy with their coffees etc.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced - Rating wrong,"This is not a 4* hotel. Whilst I would agree that this is a nice hotel set in a great location, it is seriously overpriced and over rated as a **** star hotel. The rooms are pokey but very clean and okay for an overnight stay. The bar and restaurant are seriously expensive and only worth a visit if you are affluent. On arrival, we were asked to upgrade as rooms were not available. On refusal and after a period of time, we were found a room. I am sure there is something in the area that is better value for money. However, I am not sure as this area is Mayfair and obviously thrives on the reputation of the area.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a pleasant afternoon tea at The Washington Hotel. Set in lovely surroundings, the food was lovely and considering I had a discount voucher it was well worth it. The staff were lovely and attentive, the only downside was that we couldn’t take the cakes away that we didn’t manage to eat.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Miss Karina,Chef Xavier Mateos of the Restraunt is absolutely amazing chef. It felt like a celebration of food. The dishes were prepared so well and so well presented . Had smoked salmon with apple for starter and chicjen for main course. Chicken was so moist and flavoursome. Hats off to the chef! I think he deserves Michelin star,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely rooms, good location","We arrived at the hotel an hour early but we were pleasantly surprised to be told our rooms were ready and we could check in early!   The concierge was very helpful and arranged some cabs for us, when it arrived he came out and opened the car door for us- very fancy!  The rooms had very nice modern decor, with a comfy bed and all the necessities such as a kettle, fridge, phone, air con/ heating.   The location was ideal and was right next to a Tesco metro.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!!,"We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour, but we could not have been happier.  The property is well maintained and the staff is excellent, very helpful.  The highlight of the hotel is definitely the location though.  The Washington Mayfair is located in the upscale Mayfair neighborhood in London and is within a few minutes walk of bus lines and the Underground.  There are also numerous pubs and restaurants within an easy walk, as well as a small grocery, pharmacy, and convenience store.  Also within a few blocks distance are the major designer boutiques, Louis Vitton, Gucci, etc.  Piccadilly Circus and the Leicester Square theater district are about 15 minutes walk or two tube stops.  The rooms are a tad small, but to be expected for a major city like London. All of the…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT LOCATION,"The Washington Mayfair offers good value and a great location.  So close to many of the most important sights of London.  A couple of blocks from Hyde Park Corner - so if you are at all familiar with London, that's all you need to know.  The hotel is within easy walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, the Original Hard Rock Cafe, Speakers Corner and Harrods (to mention a few).  Excellent mid-summer hotel because of its better-than-average air conditioning.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,Despite several requests for the provision of a lamp or lamps to improve the lighting in a very dark room no lamps were provided. I took the trouble to subsequently advise the manger of the problem via the hotel website and did not even get the courtesy of a reply. I do not intend to use this hotel again.,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in Mayfair,"We were on a tour so this hotel was chosen for us. However, it was so nice that we would definitely stay there again.  The location is excellent - one block away from Green Park, which if you walk through the park, you come out at The Mall at Buckingham Palace. The room and bath seemed to have recently been refurbished. There is a very nice restaurant in the hotel and we ate breakfast there every morning. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a number of issues (completely caused by lost luggage) and they were so helpful.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",1st class,Recently returned from a 3 night stay at this very chic boutique hotel.  For a hotel competing against some of the most iconic in london on there doorstep they more than meet the challenge. Lovely rooms lovely food and excellent staff. The whole experience and value for money was outstanding. We are not ones for going overboard but felt compelled to tell the duty manager how impressed we had been.  You will not be disappointed with this hotel and the location is fantastic.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Needs to get Organized,"The location is perfect and the staff are all pleasant. But top management seems never to have put in place any system to let the right hand know what the left is doing. Reservations were booked on line but at check in there was total confusion about the arrangements we had made and paid for re. breakfast. It took four days to finally sort it out. We had requested a room away from the elevator when we booked 3 months ahead; we were next to the noisy elevator and were never able to change to another room. Daily cleaning of the room was inconsistent: one day two towels, the next day only one, etc. Breakfast had 2-3 delightful wait staff but 2-3 grumps who acted as if requesting a cup of tea was a major imposition on them. Management could solve all of these with a bit of oversight…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay,"Recently booked the Washington via bookings.com. Wanted to stay in Mayfair as we were eating at a nearby restaurant for our wedding anniversary. Booked a standard double room but when we arrived we had been upgraded to a superior king size room. Staff were fantastic, the room was excellent and was a good size for a hotel in this area of London. We went out for dinner and when we returned the bed had been decorated with balloons and we were given complimentary cakes and chocolate along with a card to celebrate the occasion. A nice touch and not expected. Thanks for a great stay. There are mixed reviews on here but we were certainly looked after and had a great night.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel in London, poor and unreliable ","This cheap crappy hotel is in a strategic position in London, it’s the only reason why you can choose to stay here. I booked often this hotel only because it was convenient for my early morning meetings, but service and accommodations were very poor. Today, to allow a big group of people to stay there, they deleted my reservation made a long time ago, without notifying it. They didn’t inform me until I went there to check in, and the only solution was to move 40 minutes away in another hotel of their property. This ridiculous unprofessional hotel treats its guests in this way, I suggest to everyone to avoid to stay at the Washington Mayfair Hotel, unless you don’t want to doubt whether you still have a reservation or not until the last minute. It’s also quite old and dirty, in…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Never been treated as badly,"I recently received  vouchers from World Hotels Peakpoints. These vouchers were issued on the 20th June 2018 and were due to expire on 15th July 2018. As I was about to visit London on Tuesday 10th July 2018, I decided to use the vouchers for part payment of my Hotel Accommodation, before they expired. I accordingly booked the Washington Mayfair Hotel. I subsequently confirmed I would be using the vouchers. I then rung them to confirm the reservation on the morning of the stay and they confirmed I could use the vouchers. I stay between 100 and 200 nights a year in Hotels because of my business. When I arrived at the hotel I checked in with a lady called lourdes, and handed her my vouchers. She said she would check if they were Ok. She then came back to me and said the hotel…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location can’t be beat,"If you are staying in London for a few days or more to see the sites than this hotel is perfect as it is centrally located to the Tube at Green Park ( 5 minutes walk) along with short walks (10 plus minutes) to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, shopping off Piccadilly (Bond Street) and many other locations.   Breakfast was included and was typical of what you would expect (eggs, pastries, fruit, etc) which is to say that it was good.  Housekeeping was done by about 2pm every day and they did a nice job.  Note, we were there during an especially hot July which made the common rooms and restaurant too warm to enjoy, however the room itself was air conditioned.   There are 2 elevators. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",overnight in London,Reception was very efficient. the lifts were disgusting with large stains all over the floors. the room its self was clean and comfortable. The prices in the bar are high even for London. The main thing the hotel has going for it is it's location. you are close to Green Park tube station and just down the road from Hyde Park. .,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed here after a night out in London with friends. We did not dine here or use the bar, but the breakfast included in the price was very nice and buffet style. The hotel is a great location for the tube, with Green park being just down the road, and handily there is a Tesco just across the road to stock up on water, snacks etc. I found the room to be clean, tidy and nicely airconn'ed  - critical in this weather. Staff were friendly enough and very pleasant at breakfast.  Yes one of the lifts was not working but we didn't actually have to wait long for the other one, so no big deal. We got a good price, so would use this again as a base if a similar deal was found again. Nothing wrong with it.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster Aftetnoon tea,"Loving staff and very helpful. The sandwiches and cakes need improving along with better presentation. Cakes and sandwiches was dry. Only three types of cakes to chose from. Scones was nice and warm but the strawberry jam was tasteless.  Tea was nice and I liked the atmosphere. I would advise to have more selection of cakes and make sure they are not dry,  My only down side was, we asked if we can move closer to the tv as the England match was on. We was fired told we couldn’t take our teas but can take our cakes and sandwiches. After moving, we was told it was the other way round and no one helped us moved. The staff advise this was due to the crums from the cakes and sandwiches which at first I thought ok, that’s fair as they advise only bar food is allowed.  A few other…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location poor central areas and little investment ,"Great location two minutes from Green Park tube station.  Staff were pleasant and helpful.  Rooms are small, but it is Mayfair and a great location. No AC in bar, restaurant - impossible to stay in this area when it is 30 degrees outside and even hotter inside.  Need substantial upgrade spend to bat and restaurant which is why we didn’t eat breakfast or dinner there.  Pleasant stay but could be so much better ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but a few problems...","The location is perfect, the hotel is nice (even if probably overpriced) but..... The room smelled like sigaret smoke, so I had to ask for a new one. One of the two lifts was out of order, so long time to wait to go up and down. One table lamp in the room was broken and didn't work. Before breakfast even if it was included in the total price at the entrance of the restaurant I was told it was not, and I had to insist waiting for a double check with the reception. The bath room had a couple of broken items (the soap holder was loose and there were two screws on the wall where there should have been probably a telephone). And finally the room fridge was completely empty. But the personnel was friendly. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",So and so,"Smaller than I expected, not so clean and welcoming. The elevator has been out of order for the whole weekend and I personally asked to have the room cleaned after 6 pm and all that I obtained was a room as I left it. Everything else was ok. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What a fantastic experience  - and delicious food!,"We had the Groupon Offer of 3 course dinner and wine. The food was excellent and the wine delicious. The staff were lovely, so a very enjoyable evening. Only thing I would suggest would be a bit of  background music to add to the ambience",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely staff","You're in London, you just want to be in the middle of it all so that you can get out and explore this wonderful city. You don't need a hotel with loads of amenities and that's what we have here - a really well located place with nice rooms, bar, restaurant and very helpful staff. Expensive but, hey, it's Mayfair baby.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Value for miney,Rooms were clean but small. Staff helpful but not not overly friendly. Good central location though. Breakfast overpriced so we visited tesco express across street for fresh morning croissants. Would stay again but only if got same cheap online price.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good place but really nothing special,"Stayed here for a short 2 day stays. The room size is small, but i expected already. When i got into the room the bad was not tidied nicely and the mattress fells like it has been there for ages. On the second days, there was a flying small insect in the room.  Breakfast was so regular...nothing special.  Overall, i would say spend a bid more on your budget, you would get better hotel experience somewhere else. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Went for dinner. Had to go for proper dinner straight after,"Food was nice enough, but if you swerve bread and dessert, you're going to be walking into Chinatown straight afterwards for a main course!  For reference I had the lamb croquettes to start. Not setting the world on fire but nice enough. Got for dainty bites out of two croquettes.   The sea bass followed, again two very small pieces; nicely seasoned but ultimately unsatisfying.  This was a two course deal with a glass of wine.  I chose the merlot and it was below average. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,Great location; quiet and convenient. The hotel room was small but adequate. In general the hotel is a little outdated but I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good deal in a great area.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in an expensive area.,"I know Mayfair commands a premium but the Washington Mayfair seemed a little dated in my opinion.  Our window had a crack in it and took away any illusion this was anything other than an average property.  Service can normally make up for any shortcomings but the check in was labored and nobody smiled once the whole time we was there.    Didn't even attempt breakfast as there was signs in the lift advising of expected long waits the following morning, so we had breakfast at a cafe.  We paid £250 to stay here one night and that's influencing my review somewhat...if you can get this place for circa £150 it would represent better value and probably worth doing just for the location alone.  But, I unfortunately wasn't very impressed.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Still just as average 4 years on!,"Recently stayed here on a last minute trip to London, we only booked 2 days before going & this hotel came up as available without being a rip off. We had stayed once before, 4 years ago, & hadn't rated the place - partly to do with breakfast, so chose room only this time. Unfortunately we were just as disappointed with the room. The whole hotel including our room is run down, in need of repair & generally looking tired and out of date. The room itself was a decent size, as was the bathroom and cleanliness was ok too, however the state of the room - floors tiles broken in the bathroom & sticking up (trip hazard plus a sharp edges), carpets are flat as a pancake, bed was rock hard & the whole room needs modernising. Decor - particularly in the bathroom - is very out dated. One…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing service!,I was there first week of May to attend to the European Economic Summit for traders and I have to give great compliments the concierge staff. Raof was amazing as he attended to my needs with such enthusiasm. Taking care of ground transportation and logistics. Max the manager and Raof help with my transportation to Paris during a time of confusion and difficulty. They help with the booking of my flight and hotel accommodations and back to London with such ease. It made the stress of my travels and accommodations much easier. I say the two of them should be promoted to General Managers!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip,"First time to this hotel and the last, whilst the staff were friendly you could tell they were not managed well, hotel was dirty and very tired. Dissatisfied with the price and the quality, breakfast was also bad ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",overnight stay,"Great location very close to Green Park underground station and close to Hyde Park and Kensington. We had a superior room which had a view of the air conditioning!  Room clean and bed comfortable.  Room far too hot, couldn't turn off the underfloor heating in the bathroom or the heated towel rail which if we had would have cooled the room. Felt the decor needed to be updated. Plus note,  they had plugs by the bed to charge mobiles which is always useful.   Staff seemed friendly. Good wifi. Breakfast buffet was okay but nothing special.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Welcomed on arrival at the hotel and shown to the afternoon tea area and then to our waiting table. I had notified the hotel of my nut allergy, so they organised a fresh fruit platter for me instead of pastries, plus 4 scones between us and pastries for my husband. Fresh sandwiches, two cream cheese and smoked salmon tartlets, plenty of tea, with choice of fruit or mint tea if you prefer. Very pleasant staff. Toilets were very clean and well maintained. Booked via a Groupon offer, so excellent value for money.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"We stayed there for three nights and we found the location to be great, the rooms clean and tidy but nothing else to make it stand out. First, it's extremely overpriced for what it offers. You basically pay for location and not much Second, I found them to be disorganised and confusing when it came to settling payment through a third party. They could not do a proper update in the system and it ended up in charging my card incorrectly. Will not book again. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service!,"We stayed here a year ago and thought we would give it another chance at a 219 price tag it was highly overrated. The lobby and breakfast area have no air con, the concierge had no idea how much parking for guests was or what discount you got for staying at the hotel. When I went to collect my room key the man and woman behind the desk ignored me until they were finished talking then could not find my check in as someone had done it wrong but he was quite aggressive while trying to sort it. The fire door by the elevators are not up to fire and safety standards a bit was broken at the top. One elevator was broken the other was smelly and filthy. There are a lot of hotels that you can stay at in that area for less money don’t waste your time! Staff need serious training on how to…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"Just returned from a 3 night stay here with my wife . Hotel is in a great location a short walk from Green Park tube station and Piccadilly itself .  We stay in London frequently but this is our first visit to this hotel.  Check in was quick and easy and all the staff were excellent seemed very customer focused which is always a bonus.  Our room was located on the 6th floor overlooking the main roadway outside. It was clean, well presented and a good size.  Some of the common areas could do with a refurbishment. Everything was clean but a little tired looking. Only 2 small lifts, one of which was out of order the whole stay which was frustrating.  Breakfast was very nice, good choice and the dining room calm and well run.  My only gripe as previous guests have stated was the…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely staff, and excellent breakfast, but just don't get a room at the rear!","This hotel is brilliantly positioned in the middle of Mayfair with the whole West End of London within easy reach.  The rooms are well appointed but looking a bit tired and with ancient TVs - but a full refurbishment is under way so this will soon be remedied.  My room was spacious and clean, with a large bath and excellent shower.  The reason for the 3 stars rather than more is that there is a recycling centre at the rear of the hotel in what used to be the mews for the Curzon Street houses.  This took delivery of bottles, cans and other recyclables throughout the night at around hourly intervals.  There is no double glazing to keep the noise out and, for me, the most important aspect of any hotel after cleanliness, is that it should be quiet enough to sleep.  By this measure,…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Our 2nd time at Washington Mayfair & this time for 8 nights.  Their breakfast has a lot of variety + you can order a couple items not on the buffet ( like omelet, French toast, oatmeal ).  We changed it up enough it did not get boring!  The staff at breakfast are accommodating, friendly & helpful.  It was a pleasure to be treated so well when away from home. The room was fine and we appreciated the heated towel rack.  My only issue is with a man at the desk who assured us he would get a cooler for the room, extra hangers & another chair.  When we got back a few hours later nothing had been taken care of & so we had to start over.  Eventually, all was well! I would stay here again & highly recommend it!",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Inconsistent but ok,"I stayed here because of its location for business and it’s really central and convenient for getting out to Hyde Park for a walk or run.   There is a small gym which is well equipped.   Exterior and ambience is classy so I expected this to follow through to the dining experience - not so.   Restaurant in the evening was quiet but food enjoyable with prompt service. Not offered drinks or dessert so an opportunity to upsell was missed by staff.   Breakfast was disappointing and did not match the environment. Poor quality, not offered a menu for any alternatives such as poached eggs etc. Staff not engaged.   Overall I’d stay here again but adjust my expectations. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Clean hotel in great location,"The location of this hotel is excellent for the primary tourist attractions in London.  Buckingham Palace is no more than a 15-minute walk through beautiful Green Park.  The hotel is a two-minute walk from the Green Park Underground station on the Piccadilly Line.  The concierge staff in this hotel was particularly helpful and always greeted us with a welcoming smile.  Our room was spacious with quiet-running central air that maintained a steady temperature.  The inclusive breakfasts provided plenty of food and the breakfast staff were cheerful.  This hotel is quite expensive for our budget and we questioned spending that much money, but in retrospect it was worth it.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"It’s one thing a top hotel charging top whack for its rooms and it’s another thing to even try to justify it.  The room we got for over £500 was smaller than what I would have got at the Ibis for £100.  Now, size isn’t everything (I hear you cry) and I agree, but the additional cost of £400 was not justified whatsoever. This hotel is charging based upon reputation and not room quality. I was really annoyed and to be honest, felt conned.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in great position,"I stayed with some friends as we were in town for a party weekend. The Washington was very nice, room very comfitable and perfect spot for One Marylebone & Claridges. Some lovely pubs & restaurants literally round the corner. Ideal for what we wanted.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",super hotel in a very handy location,"Stayed 1 night whilst watching the Army vs Navy rugby on May Bank Holiday weekend.  We arrived early, the staff could not give us our room but looked after our suitcase until we returned much later in the day.  Room was clean and modern and very quiet.  Breakfast was nothing spectacular, just the standard hotel buffet style with very good coffee.  The handy walk to Green Park tube stn is perfect for those on the go.  Will return next time we are in London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, great location ","Spent one night here mainly due to the location which is excellent and just minutes walk away from Green park station and the nightlife in Mayfair.   On first impression, our room looked smart and tidy, but in closer inspection there is some general wear and tear which needs attention e.g draw handles very loose on the furniture.  We didn’t use room service or eat at the hotel, so can’t comment on that aspect.  We specifically had a problem with our shower (kept switching from hot to cold), but I’m pleased to say this was dealt with very well and we received an upgraded room.   Overall, I would say the hotel offers good value for the area and the service is of a very good standard, with staff both attentive and helpful.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","A return visit, enjoyable as ever","My second visit to the washington.  The hotel is amazingly placed in the heart of central london.  The staff are friendly and helpful. I was fortunate enough to be upgraded to a room with more features.   The hotel could do with a 'lick of paint', by which I mean the fourth floor was showing some signs of wear and tear on the wall paper, broken door lock (the facia had fallen off) and my bathroom mirror had cracked edges. None of this effects the quality of the service or the stay. Just wear and tear as I say.  The breakfast delivered to room are delicious and if continental breakfast is included then the cost is deducted from the order.  All in all a great location, good service and good value",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay - bathroom could do with abit of love,"Stayed in the hotel for a night with my mum, we checked in later in the evening after work before dinner, had a lovely king sized bed and the room was lovely - the blinds were great at blocking out all the light, it was abit cold but we changed the air con which worked after an hour or so. The bathroom could do with abit of updating as there were a few cracks and things but other than this lovely service from the trainee on reception and a great hotel.  ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Secret Escapes Booking Deal,"Booked as part of secret escape booking deal for 1 night with breakfast.  Took a while  for them to find our booking but eventually did and everything was smooth from there on in. Bedroom nice with very comfortable bed and good air con. Breakfast was included, pretty standard selection.   Location was very good for visiting the Theatre and shopping. Very good for what we needed.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, breakfast and staff","Yes the rooms are dated, they need to get rid of the mis-matched decor and chintzy chandeliers but that doesnt mean you shouldn’t stay here.  Fantastic location for Buckingham Palace, the Ritz and Mayfair area. All staff were very service oriented, special mention goes to Ben the concierge. Breakfast was really delicious, plentiful and sets you up for the day.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Faded glory needs updating though greet for lunch and functions,I was there on Business for a Conference and recommended to my USA colleagues. We hosted a day event there with breakfast lunch and drinks and canapé's pm. The staff are very helpful and pleasant. They should have a doorman though for Mayfair. It is centrally located in the heart of Mayfair and by comparison the costs are much lower than other hotels nearby. The Lunch was healthy and delicious for a Conference but for breakfast biscuits instead of say a pastry and for the evening not every one likes Indian food. I have the say the quality of the house wine is so poor I could not drink it so had to drink beer the first for several years. Though will use it again for Conferences and rooms if they keep the price affordable,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Was disappointed with the hotel. The room was very tired and needed a full refresh. The website looked very nice, but that wasn’t the case in my visit. I was only there for a night and probably won’t be going back. Should have paid a bit more and stayed elsewhere ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Couples oval ,"The location of this hotel is no less than genius, just by Sheperds Marked and within walkingdistance from New Bond street in one direction and the park in the other.   We went for a superior room, wich turns out is a normal doubble. Shower in the bath tub, and a window that just won’t open. The AC helps you out with the last of the two.   At check in there’s noone at the desck. Room service comes very late in the day, and to be honest could do a slightly better job cleaningwise.   The room is nicely decorated, but stuff could do with a touch up. I think a kid has drawn on the bathroom door..  The door to the corridor has a big opening by the floor. This lets both sound an light in during night.   ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or195-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice experience,Visited the hotel for champagne afternoon tea with friends. We had a nice experience and the staff were helpful and attentive. We enjoyed a relaxed afternoon and we were looked after nicely. The hotel had a lovely ambience.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or195-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel with friendly staff,We stayed here for three nights. Room was very comfortable with large bed. Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly especially concierge staff & housekeeping.  Hotel is situated just a short walk from Green Park tube station and bus stops. Great area for shops and restaurants.  Breakfast was good with hot food & plates. Same breakfast menu each day but a good range of food available.   Would stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or195-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One Week in March,"Stayed here for a business trip at the end of March. Arrived from a Red-Eye flight at 10am and the room was already ready which was amazing! Check in was easy and the employee was very polite.  My room was on the 2nd floor over looking the busy street, but noise wasn't an issue. The room was clean and a good size. The internet was free and the staff was able to bring me a iron very quickly when requests. Only negative about the entire stay was the mattress was uncomfortable and likely needs to be replaced. The bathroom was very clean with good towels  and the water pressure was great! I didn't have time to check out the bar or restaurant. There is a Tesco right across the street which was convenient and very good pubs/restaurants right nearby. The location is perfect as the…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or195-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and polite friendly staff,"We stayed here for 2 nights, right from the start the staff were pleasant and friendly, they were always polite and smiling all the time, without being over the top. The hotel was clean and the room was as described, good quality fixings and nice modern bathroom. Breakfast was great excellent quality food and plenty of choice, the dinner in the restaurant in the evening was very good too. All in all, good value for money and we will stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or195-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel and service,"I stayed with a group for work. Arriving with a large bag I struggled through the revolving door while the concierge watched but didn't offer help. The checkin was straightforward, as it was all booked and paid for by one company although £50 was deducted from my credit card which I have not had done before at checkin. My room was on the 6th floor, the bed was comfy, the internet fine and free. The bathroom was clean with good towels but it was difficult to run a hot bath as for some reason it just ran luke warm. The lift area and corridors are clean but fairly shabby, with scrapes and wear. My room had a small balcony and good light. It was overlooking the street to the side of the hotel and quiet. One of my colleagues said his room had bricks over the window and low light so i…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or200-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"This was my 1st stay in this hotel in Mayfair, because of where it is you will pay extra, near Park Lane, Green Park, Buckingham Place & Oxford St not far away (nice to walk on a good day). On checking in the hotel staff were very friendly they had my reservation but it didn't have my address on it???. They said they gave me an upgrade but I think they say this to all guests as other people from work said they were told the same when they checked in. The room was nice (no real view) blinds needed to be down all the time as the office block across the road could see into all rooms. There was Tea & coffee in the room but just not enough. The TV was a real pain to try and work wouldn't change channels & have to say it was the worst in any hotel I have stayed in. There was paint…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or200-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"We booked two rooms for 31st March via great escapes. On arrival we were upgraded to executive rooms.  Lovely rooms clean and comfortable a very comfy bed and soft white towels, all the things you would expect just not for £70 per person!!!  it was amazing value for such a central stay.  Breakfast was good, plenty of hot and cold selection and attentive staff.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or200-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel & Location,"We stayed in this hotel for one night as part of a Secret Escapes deal. This was a gift so couldn’t comment on the cost, but we had a late 3pm checkout and breakfast.  We arrived early expecting to just drop our bags off, but were able to check in. The room was great (I believe it was a premium room). We were on the 7th floor and was really quiet. Very little street noise also.  All the staff we encountered were courteous and friendly.   The breakfast was nice, but no better than other hotel breakfasts we have had at other similar rated hotels around the country.  We found the location perfect for us and was central to everywhere we wanted to go.  I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or200-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lunch,We visited the Restaurant in this Hotel for lunch today using a Groupon voucher and I felt I had to post a review as we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  The presentation and quality of food was excellent - food was piping hot but the one thing that was outstanding was the young lady who looked after us who was an absolute delight.  She was friendly but very professional and made us feel so much at home.  We will definitely visit this Restaurant again and I would urge others to do the same  Elizabeth Lewis,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or200-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location. Service Was Odd,"Stayed two years ago and it was great. This trip I traveled with my son and asked for one room with 2 beds. Apparently, the beds are together and you have to ask to have them separated. Check in number two happened 6 days later since we traveled to Paris and back. I couldn't get the tv to work so I called and asked for help. Then I called because the towel rack heater wouldn't turn off. Someone came to the fix the tv, but had to wait until morning to get the towel rack fixed. All these things were not a big  deal. However, noticed reception didn't answer my subsequent calls, a housekeeper knocked at 10pm and 7am the next day. Odd stay.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or205-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Champaign afternoon tea,We came today for afternoon tea for 2 with a virgin voucher and it was rubbish cheap sandwiches and tasteless it came with just four cakes for 2 of us to share so we had to cut in half the scones fell apart once cut in half.we are both very angry and disappointed we payed 39.00 for it and thats half price no way its worth 78.00 full price.thankyou for spoiling our day today.,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or205-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay in a well located hotel,"Spacious comfortable bedroom with fluffy towels and bathrobes provided!   An attractive,well run hotel having friendly efficient staff and within easy walking distance to Piccadilly and Green Park tube station,but in a quiet location.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or205-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location, plenty to see and do within walking distance. We didn’t take any tubes but the hotel is near to them if you need to. Room was perfect for what we needed and the hotel staff were very polite and helpful, especially Cosimo (hope I’ve spelt that right) in the hotel bar. Had a great night with him and a few other people staying at the hotel. My only complaint would be that the food we ordered to the room was stone cold when it arrived.  All in all though a great hotel, great position and great staff. Thank you.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or205-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Quality hotel in Mayfair,"Reception is brilliant, fast effective checkin, Porter - concierge is fantastic really want to help you. Rooms a very big for Mayfair and very clean to most travellers space is king and these rooms a big if you have to have an extra bed for child still plenty of room  Bar area is large and friendly and breakfast service was amazing the staff are all over you in an effective and positive way ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or205-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good staff ,"This hotel is located a short walk from Green park tube station, at the rear of Shepherds Market. The rooms (ours was a superior) are spacious for central London; and are decorated to a good standard! The staff we encountered were all very friendly and helpful! I would stay here again! ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or210-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again - Worst Hotel in Central London,Terrible service - idiot people at the reception. They charged a telephone call falsely when I never made any calls from the hotel. But they wouldn't remove it. Pathetic room - very unhygienic beds and bathrooms. Never will stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or210-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,Nice and clean hotel in Mayfair and close to Hyde  Park with affordable price . Hotel Rooms are fairly big and  has friendly staff. Hotel is surrounded by nice restaurants and coffee shops  which are in walking distance .,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or210-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",First time in London,"The staff is excellent!   Great location to start your day from, whether business or adventure.   Remember to bring all of your device chargers. I was disappointed to not have USB charging outlets in the walls, and jonesing for power because I forgot my standard power supply at home.   My room key was super sensitive and had to be reprogrammed or replaced daily.    I would definitely return.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or210-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday Afternoon tea,"My partner decided to take me out of the house after such a crazy 'end of the world' week weather and what an inspired decision that was!!!  This was re-booked from late January when we could not attend and the staff was very helpful with everything, immediately asking for our Groupon voucher.  We were allowed to chose from all the empty tables and took a small round table as it had more comfortable armchairs, although I did not understand why we were not allowed to sit on the sofa?  A bit strange as it remained empty (with only 3 tables taken in the whole area) even as we left.  Most of the staff seemed to be Italian and very helpful otherwise and even brought more macaroons as the ones on the tray smelled of savioury food which my very fine nose did not allow me to eat.  We…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or210-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD COMFORTABLE HOTEL,"Stayed for the weekend on the 23/02/18 and had a great weekend. Found the hotel to be in a good position, only a stones throe from Hyde Park and Green Park Tube Station. The room was very comfortable, clean, quiet and had everything we needed. The staff were vey polite, informative and willing to help. We ate on the first night in the Hotel and had a great meal. I would recommend this hotel and would visit again.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or215-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay in London,"I loved the Washington Mayfair Hotel. From the minute that we walked in the staff were very welcoming and helpful-we arrived early but our room was available. It was a small room but beautifully decorated with a very large and comfy bed, sky tv and a really lovely bathroom.  Breakfast was included and it was really good-best scrambled eggs I’ve had with a buffet breakfast. Location is so convenient for green park, Hyde Park, Buckingham palace, oxford street, Leicester Square-all within walking distance.  Only slight criticism is that the bedroom doors could do with soft close hinges as they bang quite noisily on entering & leaving rooms.  Would definitely stay again! Thank you! ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or215-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excelente,"Location is perfect, facilities are more than enough and the service was outsatnding. Lara from the front desk was very helpful and efficient. If I come back to London I would definitely stay there again. Thank you!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or215-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel in good location,"Stayed for 1 night, this was paid for by my company but looking at the prices for this it seems reasonable for the location, Mayfair. Room was comfortable although double bed was 2 mattresses pushed together, did have a good sleep though and even though my room was facing the street, noise wasn’t an issue. Room did have blackout curtains, although could do with being a little longer as let in a bit of light in the morning. Room did also include Sky TV. Breakfast was ok, fairly standard as to what you would expect. Would consider staying here again. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or215-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for what it is,"We got upgraded to a suite which, had I been impressed, might have deserve more stars. This WM is no more than a 3 star hotel really with old fittings and carpets on the floors, single rooms are too hot and when windows are opened they are too noisy (I have stayed a few times through lack of availability of others). The suite was nice enough but on a business trip no need for more than a bed. Very central location, breakfast was not consumed at hotel as at GBP18.00 it's never worth it (but I never pay for breakfast in hotels unless included in the room price, I cannot possibly eat or consume for GBP18.00. SO, stay there for central location, pleasant staff.  For value for money there is better in London.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or215-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous stay!,"Myself and my partner stayed here last weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it. From the arrival staff were friendly, efficient and attentive. Our room was comfortable, clean and stylish with good added extras- robes, a tourist guide handset. The breakfast was great- one of the best buffet breakfast we have had, with a continental and full English range. The food was fresh, good quality and hot (something it sometimes isn’t on many buffets), with a great selection of choice. The hotel itself is in a good location about a five minute walk to green park station- we were in easy walking distance to the underground and local attractions (Buckingham palace etc).  We booked through secret escapes and had a great stay and experience! ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or220-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rude Hotel and Noisy Construction,"The service level at this hotel is poor at best.  Very rude and not helpful at all.  Left glasses at location.  Tried to pick them up before my flight and was told no one could help me until after the time my flight left.  They agreed to ship them to me.  Charged me an additional fee of $12 USD on top of the $100 USD to ship them to me.   Also, there is a large construction sight right across the street.  They start working at 5 am.  Very noisy.  Avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or220-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"We stayed for two nights in a large superior room with ensuite and bath.  The room was an extremely good size for a London hotel.  The hotel is located very close to Green Park station and within easy walking distance of Oxford Street, Bond Street, Piccadilly, Buckingham Palace etc.  The staff were all friendly and the breakfast was very good with plenty of choice.  Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or220-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight,Great stay with friends this weekend and very centrally located to everything Mayfair! Nicely decorated rooms with a good sized en-suite. All enjoyed an excellent breakfast! Check in was easy and the staff were very relaxed and well organised. ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or220-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good central hotel,"The hotel is conveniently located near the green park tube station and the shopping area of Bond street. The staff is professional and polite. The room was clean and quite spacious, TV set with Sky channels.  Very good quality/price ratio. ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or220-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,"We stayed here the week of Christmas to New Years.  The hotel was in a great location in Mayfair. It was only two blocks from the tube station. The rooms were clean, good size, and well kept. They put out a nice hot breakfast buffet.  The staff was wonderful especially the front desk and bellmen. We will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or225-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Close to all amenities. ,"I read a few negative reviews on this hotel but I can’t see what there is not to like. For a start it’s a walk to Bond Street, Piccadilly, etc. Soho is a 15 minute walk away. Very central. Taxis were not expensive if you were feeling lazy that’s how close it is to most of the tourist areas. The hotel itself is nice enough. The staff were all very pleasant. Our room was small but perfectly formed !! The bed was very comfortable and there were dressing gowns in the bathroom. We will definitely be staying here again. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or225-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay ,Lovely place and friendly staff. Great location and would definitely stay here again. The bed was comfy and the shower was powerful. The room was clean and a good size and the overall interior design was modern and up to date.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or225-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant surprise,"I was a little uncertain about this hotel as it has had some worrying reviews.  However, the price was good so decided to take a chance.  Upon arrival the hotel seems a little dated and in need of a refurbishment, the room was fine though, clean and in good condition.  The bathroom, while too warm for my preference was very clean and modern.  Breakfast was served in a comfortable dining room with a good choice.  The staff from reception to waiting staff were exceptionally helpful and welcoming.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or225-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rick Steve’s Tour stay,Location is excellent.  Green Park Tube Station a block away.  Mayfair is a sweet quiet area.  Shepherd square across street for good food and drink.  When we checked in our children’s room was not set up correctly with twin beds as it was supposed to be.  It took staff only minutes at a very late hour to correct it.  Our room was roasting hot and AC was disabled.  Staff found problem in that AC was turned off to our hotel section and they corrected it immediately.  We ordered room service near midnight and it was brought up promptly.  Mac and cheese was very good and chicken Tika masala was very tasty.  The staff was very kind and attentive at all times.  The rooms were a little “tired” but clean and well organized.  Solid room safes.  Very sweet bathrooms and outstanding water…,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or225-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great bar and the best bartender!!,"Cositto is the name of the bar tender who seems to always be on duty!  Not only delightful as a great and friendly bartender, but works hard at accommodating everyone’s desires! He has gone out of his way to find my lost gloves, letting us test different liquors, and visiting with us without losing sight of his other patrons! A lovely bar and fantastic bartender!! ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or230-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotell, with a nice staff","Great location. Nice, friendly and polite staff. A speciale thanks to Lorenzo, you where very helpful and kind.  Very clean room. Everything you desire to breakfast. Double room in 6th floor, with real double bed and double duvet. We loved it!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or230-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Hotel  Curzon St,"Very comfortable  bed , room a little small but adequate. Bed made every day & towels renewed but had to ask for  more. tea bags and milk . No information  pack on hotel or area but desk staff & concierge extremely  helpful , very knowledgeable  about  local area even to giving directions to Grosvenor Chapel. Can't  fault them.  Last afternoon in bar disappointing   waitress uninterested in saving us...had to ask for order twice...eyewatering £25 for two G&It's. All in all would go back....great location, comfortable  and most staff friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or230-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ! ,"I stay frequently when in London at the Washington Mayfair but this time my experience was horrible. There are some tests I use to rate an hotel and the response was very very disappointing to all of them. 1 - the time needed to check-in. I asked for a silent room, and the front desk employee took 10 minutes to give me an accommodation 2 - I asked for a copy of the room key, and they said “sorry, we have not enough keys” 3 - I call the concierge to ask for the sleepers, they answered after 10 minutes of calling 4 - the light on the desk was broken, again I had to call to have it repaired. All this in just the first hour of staying. It is really enough.  Avoid it ! ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or230-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Cream tea with champagne ,"Went for my birthday, gorgeous place to book a cream tea. The food was fantastic, beautifully served with endless tea and coffee. It was certainly a very special place to go... loved every minute and the staff were friendly. First class all around.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or230-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel with a great service for a nice long weekend,"As a surprise birthday to my wife, we came with no expectations and surprise to find a clean and tidy hotel with young full of energy staff smiling and welcoming you every step you go.Hotel is close to city center in a great neighborhood and fine little restaurants around. Breakfast is nice with a great selection.Room was nice clean and tidy thanks to both maids took care of my room.Reception staff was always willing to help  (Janet the trainee, Anna, Vivan Stephan and concierges Ben Annet and Rauof).all conducted by the Gm Ms.Staunton.Definitely will come back.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or235-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Peeping tom incident - our stay was completey ruined!!,"Myself and my husband stayed here for one night during November 2017 following early an afternoon show in London. We had returned from the show and were getting ready for a meal booked in the Hotel's restaurant that evening. I was standing in front of the wardrobe by the room door following a shower. My attention was immediately brought to a noise on the other side of the hotel room door. When I went to investigate via the peephole due to be not being dressed, I was horrified to discover that at that very moment the peephole was being placed back into the hole in the door to which it sits! Long story short, following a room change, many emails and telephone calls after our departure, plus raising a crime incident number with the police, I feel the hotel did take this matter…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or235-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel great value,"We stayed in this hotel in the March my friend and I, the location was fantastic. We loved it so much we returned in the August and are due to go back in December. Everything about it is amazing, the breakfast is to die for and the staff are so friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or235-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"A five minute walk from Green Park tube station. So convenient for central London and not at the high end prices. Pleasant check in and with our key shaped plastic door key, would prefer the credit card style though, we got straight into our room.  A Deluxe Double room with King Bed. Very spacious. Only issue for anyone wishing to watch the TV, wall mounted and no movement to watch it other than right in front of it, which was done by moving the chairs from one end of the room. You can see this in one of my pictures. Comfortable bed, large bathroom, fluffy towels. Ironing facility, tea and coffee making, hair dryer were in the room.  Did not have breakfast as the price was fixed no matter what you wanted, pricey for. Cup of tea and a slice of toast. Would we stay again? Yes.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or235-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,The Washington is a beautiful hotel located in the Mayfair area in London. We went there for afternoon tea and I would say the food was not that good. We have had far much better afternoon teas in the London area. Upon arrival we waited a bit to be seated and then a trainee later came over and ushered us to our table. When we had our food one of the waiters kept coming to ask if we were okay which ended up being a nuisance asking once is okay not about five  times.  There is one time where we only had one pot of tea between us as they took the pots for refill and we only had one pot back. There wasn’t a variety of teas to choose from we more like offered the English Breakfast tea. The waitress did not even tell us what type of cakes we had on the tray as they normally tell you…,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or235-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Better experience than many of the reviews!,"I was booked here by a business associate and was skeptical. The reviews pick apart minor things, but the experience at this property is exceptional. First of all, the location is exceptional.  Blocks away from Piccadilly and Park Lane, my favorite part of London. Very close to many restaurants and prominent hotels. The rooms were very nice well maintained and nicely appointed.  The style of the rooms was exceptional. It is around the corner from the posh Mayfair hotel which is much more expensive and not necessarily any nicer.  I stayed there and have to say I was more impressed with the Washington Mayfair.  If you want Posh front of house service go to The Mayfair. If you want a great value and a very nice hotel a good price go to the Washington Mayfair hotel. Of course, their…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or240-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",We will not be going back ,"I went to this hotel to celebrate an anniversary. The bed was so uncomfortable with a huge dip on one side. We got woken up multiple times in the night due to slamming doors from room service. The duvet was rubbish and very uncosy. The aircon was so noisy and consequently we had to turn it off to sleep, which meant we were really hot and uncomfortable. There was also a really large gap under the door and a bright light on in the hallway, which shined into our room. The mirror did not align with the chair, which meant having to stand at the dressing table. Additionally, room did not come with an iron, we asked for one and got it sent to our room and it was awful and didn’t even get the creases out of our clothing. We raised all these issues with the staff at check out and they…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or240-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,Nice quiet hotel in a good location. Staff very friendly and helpful and didn’t feel rushed so able to enjoy the experience. Unlimited tea and coffee. Short walk from Green Park tube and 5 minute walk into Berkeley Square. Would definitely recommend.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or240-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",ask for room away from street side,"Although the Mayfair was clean and comfortable, had nice amenities, good breakfast, great staff - our room on the street side was terribly noisy both at night and morning. Replacing the windows with double paned, noise-reducing glass would solve this problem, but until then it is a huge drawback to staying here. A few things to work on - the shower/tub didn't drain well (you shower standing in a foot of water) and we had to ask 3 times for extra hangers for the closet. On the positive side - it is a great location, helpful & friendly staff, good breakfast, clean, fairly reasonable for the area, safe, and has comfortable beds. Rooms are a bit small, but manageable.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or240-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel,"We stayed at the Washington as part of an organized tour and were wonderfully pleased.  The hotel is clean and comfortable and in a fantastic location.  Breakfast was included and was very good.  I particularly wish to recognize one of the servers at breakfast, Khadijah.  After my first cup of coffee, I generally switch to decaf coffee and after providing this one morning, she remembered and had it ready the next morning that she was on duty.  I thought this was above and beyond and hope her employer knows how considerate she is.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or240-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",You have to visit here,Concierge and Reception staff fabulous - room really comfortable and safe - you have to meet Cosimo in the bar - truly charming and attentive even though he was very busy !  Nothing too much trouble - would love to stay there again,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or245-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel ..centrally located,"As a part of my business trip, it was my second week long stay here and I feel satisfied with my overall experience. Rooms are nicely done and 7th floor rooms give you great view of the city. Staff is polite n helpful. Food is good at their restaurant. Pricing appears to be a bit on the higher side but considering the locational advantage, you dont mind paying a bit extra. Strongly recommended.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or245-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Loved being able to walk to theater, Hyde Park & Green Park tube stop.  Room was comfortable & front desk responsive to needs that came up.  Breakfast was delicious including warm rolls, incredible fresh fruit salad and usual English breakfast items + good coffee (by American standards). The service was wonderful!   The reason I didn't rate it excellent was the smell of cigarette smoke in the hall & occasionally in our room (616).   Maintenance was there to get our towel heater to work, but it never did. Overall a good experience.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or245-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel great location,"Stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip. Service is impeccable. Hotel interior is a bit dated and tired but very clean. And the rooms have all you can expect for this price. The best things this hotel has to offer is the location. Close to the parks, Mayfair shopping and nightlife",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or245-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Overnight stay pre business meetings the following morning. Super location, easy connection from Euston to Green Park then 5 min walk to hotel. Friendly greeting, decent size room well appointed plus Sky TV.  When into Soho which was 5 mins on underground which makes this hotel a great location for getting to see a show or dinning out  ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or245-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Its okay...,"I bought afternoon tea for my mum, brother and I, via Groupon - like one of the reviews the hotel is looking shabby and tired. The fact its located in Curzon Street, in the heart of Mayfair, I expected more from the interiors of this hotel. Please note if you are buying Groupon vouchers for any Afternoon Tea double check with calling your venue that they have your customer reference and your booking. I did have trouble at the beginning before even arriving at the hotel, to which the Supervisor sorted out and eventually our booking. Such a possible fiasco was overturned, happy to say.  However, the afternoon tea as a product was a delight, soft bread and sweet fillings and load cakes and scones with jam, clotted cream. We chose the sparkling wine offer and it was lovely having…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or250-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Well located quiet hotel,"Stayed in a twin room for a night.  I booked a twin as I was sharing with the friend.  I had expected a bit of a shoe box, but was amazed at how spacious the room was.  It was clean, the beds were comfy and the bathroom spotless and well-equipped.  We found the staff to be both friendly and efficient.  For the price we paid, in the heart of Mayfair we felt surprisingly un-ripped off!  We treated ourselves to a room service breakfast, which was OK, not bad but not great either.  I will certainly stay here again, but either go to the restaurant for breakfast or elsewhere.  However, overall a great stay.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or250-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,"We went to the Washington for afternoon tea today. Oh dear, this hotel is very tired and shabby. The afternoon was just acceptable with the groupon voucher that we had used. The sandwiches were short on fillings and the scones although light had a bad aftertaste if baking powder. The only redeeming feature was the staff who were friendly and reactive to comments.",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or250-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise ,"I booked this hotel as it was close to Murano where we were celebrating our Wedding Anniversary.  Reading some reviews beforehand, I was a little anxious as they were not all positive. Thankfully our stay was perfect.  Small but cosy room.  Comfy bed.  Windows and curtains blocked out the noise of the city.  The staff were helpful and attentive.  No complaints at all apart from one tiny thing - I personally hate shower curtains.  The way they suck in and touch you and you don't know who's body they have touched before yours.  I used the bath instead!",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or250-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional ..5th till 6th oct ,From the minute i checked in i was happy. I was welcomed by a lovely young lady at reception who told me i had been upgraded to a deluxe room with queen bed. ( i paid £237 for a superior room) which was a luxury deal already on booking. Com. I was told i was in room 110. First floor which id requested in an email as i suffer with crohns disease & even with lifts get fairly exhusted just making it through the lobby lol.  The room was amazing ( no dip in bed as suggested in a previous review) very large very clean & beautifully appointed . I went out for the evening & came back around 11pm . I fancied a late night sandwhich which a lovely man brought up for me . Again couldnt do enough for me. After eating said sandwhich & falling asleep i woke up with heart burn ( my own fault)…,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or250-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed ,"Arrived late (approx 9pm) due to airline delay to find that room had been “double booked” & no room available for us  after trip of over 24hrs from Australia. No apologies despite confirmed booking made 3 months earlier & paid. Offloaded to another hotel for “5 star room”, which turned out being 3 star, & a promise of upgrade if we returned next day. As previous guests at Washington Mayfair we will not be returning.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or255-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel ok rooms not very good for price,"The staff here are very friendly, nice bar area for a drink or light meal. Good daily lunch and snack menu. Very expensive breakfast, scrambled egg on toast and a bowl of cereal £22. Not really worth it, better to get breakfast outside. A well placed central hotel, our room was upgraded but still very small. Very little wardrobe space. Everything was clean and tidy. If you want a view be very careful when booking your room, we looked out at a wall. Good air conditioning.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or255-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely great location,"Nice hotel in a great accessible location but London sized.... not large but well Appointed rooms easy access to tube, restaurants and shops aplenty, nice staff, loved it all and went to see  Van Morrison at Nells Jazz and Royal Albert Hall ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or255-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid room 130!,Poor rooms as previously mentioned in desperate need of a makeover. Plaster falling off wall and walls in need of repair in addition to a potentially unsafe light switch. Great location but a disappointing stay. I had room 130 this week and it was a shoe box- I've stayed in better B & B's! This doesn't have 4 star rooms 2 star at a push!  Due to business reasons have had to book in here twice this past 5/6 wks and have suggested we look elsewhere.,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or255-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Best Mojito ever!!!!,"After wandering around Mayfair to look for a quiet place to have a drink with a friend, we went back to the Washington.  We met Cosimo at the hotel bar and had the BEST, FRESHEST, MOST AMAZING Mojito ever.    You owe it to yourself to come and have Cosimo make you a Mojito.  I'm. Not. Kidding.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or255-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sept 2017,"Room was clean, comfortable and of a good standard, concierge couldn't be more helpful staff in the restaurant were also helpful and the food was of a good standard.Location was great just around the corner from the Ritz.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or260-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"This hotel offered very good value for the location and we were very happy with the comfort of the bed, the fact we could open the window in the room and the shower was excellent. Basically all you need for a comfortable stay. Not as groovy and expensive as some other nearby Mayfair hotels but a good option if you'd rather spend your money on entertainment rather than sleeping! We loved that it was an easy walk to good restaurants and pubs at Shepherd's Market. The Italian nearby, Enoteca de Luca and the French L'Artiste Muscle were both full of atmosphere and excellent choices for dining. The staff at the hotel were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Highly recommend for a couple of days to enjoy the heart of London.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or260-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is in desperate need of a makeover.,"I have stayed here for a week every year the last 8 years. This was definitely my final stay.  During this period the hotel has become more and more scruffy year by year. Actually no visible upgrade or redecoration has taken place since my first visit. Now it is really beginning to show. Lack of maintenance, broken light bulb, missing hangers, no ironing equipment in the room, an antique TV/entertainment system and a dirty and unattractive gym, adds to the impression of a badly managed place.  In addition, during this particular stay, my laundry was not returned timely.  I am definetly done with tis place and ready to find another place in the years to come",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or260-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and comfortable accomodations,"Our travel agent booked us for a week at this hotel as our base in London, saying we could travel out from there without a problem She was right on target. First, the location - less than a 5 minute walk to the underground serving three lines at Green Park Station. Two of our tours left from Victoria Coach Station which was one stop away on the tube. At this same Green Park station you can find local buses and also the Hop On Hop Off bus. It is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Churchill's War Room, Fortum & Mason, high end shops, and many restaurants. Right across the street from the hotel is an express shopping food store with prepackaged foods and much more.  The hotel seems to be the combination of a couple of buildings.  The lobby is kind of small, but has a few…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or260-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",needs refurbishment,"Chose this hotel because it was close to Hyde Park and we were going to some concerts in the park. Decor is tired, rooms need upgrading, breakfast was ok but nothing special. it is in a good location and probably the cheapest place to stay in Mayfair, but needs some upgrades.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or260-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Back to my favorite hotel in London,"Coming back to the Washington hotel in Mayfair is like coming back home. Forget about the feeling of enstrangement when staying in a hotel, where you always miss something you have at home. This is the cosiest place to stay when in London, ideally lacated near Green Park Underground station (3 lines), within walking distance from West End Theatreland. The staff is extremely kind and helpful, greeting you with warm welcoming smile in the morning, and chatting with you like old friends during the rich breakfast. Counting the days till I come back.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or265-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea.. below average ,"A friend of mine took me as a belated birthday treat for afternoon tea. We arrived to the hotel and worked out where the afternoon tea was being served, which seemed to be in a corner of the hotel - a bit odd.  The service was very good and staff where friendly.. ambience was a strange one as I don't believe the hotel has much character and if it did it certainly wasn't felt in the afternoon tea area. The food arrived and sandwiches came on a separate plate along with the normal three tier stand. The cakes and scones were ok but the sandwiches were very dry as if they had been left out of the fridge and starting to crust on the sides - not very impressive.  We left within the hour. I would not go back as the food was not great but service is good.   ",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or265-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for what it is!,We stayed and the location is very good being a short walk from Buckingham Palace and Regent Street.However the room ( for which we paid £199 inclusive of breakfast) was very much in need of a makeover and a good clean. It was small and there was little storage. Indeed the entire hotel could do with a refurb. The carpet in the lifts was dirty and our carpet in the bedroom was stained. The mirrors in the dining area needed a good clean too! Breakfast was ok but don't stay expecting a four star experience as this is not what you would expect from a 4 start hotel.,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or265-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location close to all amenities, Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly","Just recently stayed at the Washington Mayfair, fabulous location and the front desk staff were outstanding and the hotel from the outside and lobby is very nice. The rooms however left a little to be desired, we were on the 6th floor, room 610 I believe. Concerning to me were the door jams. They looked worn and damaged which caused security concerns for our family. Another security concern was the safe in the room as it never worked. I repeatedly called the front desk, it was after 6 p.m. and they informed me maintenance was gone for the day but the night manager would be there in a few moments. I had to call the desk again 3x, finally I left because we were only in London 4 nights and I was anxious to get out and do things. The front desk staff assured me it would be fixed and…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or265-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",LOCATION IS SUPERB 300 M. WALK TO GREENPARK,"We stayed 8 nights from 20-28 June 2017 at the Suite room on the 4th floor. The room size is very big for 3 adults.  Clean but not new decoration and sound proof room. Bed is comfort, shower and hot water flow quick and strong.  reception and concierge are also good service. The location is great as the opposite is LOTUS Supermarket, Caffe Nero and many nice restaurants such Lobster Burger, etc. I recommend to stay here because the Green Park station is 3 min. walk distance and this is the step-free access from street to train by elevator.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or265-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Weekend Celebration Treat,We were looking for a hotel near to where we were visiting and the Washington Mayfair fitted the bill on both price and location.  The hotel is about a 25 minute walk from Charing Cross Station.   Check in was not without it's problems as the trainee receptionist could not get our name correct or find our booking...luckily we had bought a print out with the confirmation number.  We were given room #110 but having looked at the room found the bed to be too soft on one side to the degree there was a dip! We went back down to reception and were immediately told that they would transfer us to another room as soon as possible.  We returned back to the hotel later that afternoon to find they had given us room #720 - the size was not as big as #110 but the bed was much better/firmer…,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or270-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A very good hotel close to Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly,I stayed at this hotel for just one night. The hotel is clean and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. All the staff are friendly and very helpful. The only thing that was not up to standard was the breakfast. The restraint was very clean and the staff helpful but the hot breakfast was far from hot and the plates cold. The cold buffet was varied and well presented. It is a shame that the hot breakfast let the an otherwise great stay down.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or270-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Whilst in London visited The Washington for afternoon tea on a Groupon offer. Staff very attentive (even the flirty blonde with my husband-he loved it). Beautiful surroundings. The afternoon tea was very quintessential, a little sparse on the sandwiched but abundant with the cakes. It was worth the money we paid with the Groupon voucher but I wouldn't have been happy if I had paid full price. However, I would recommend.  Then have yourself a walk around Mayfair. Delightful afternoon. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or270-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"I've stayed at this hotel many times in the past. The reason why? The location is fantastic, you are in walking distance to a number of key sights, the staff are great and most of all it is great value for your money. We'll be back soon for another show. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or270-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"We stayed here for an overnight visit - booked a standard room and were very impressed with the size and facilities in the room.  Staff were very helpful and polite, from front desk staff, concierge and the waiting staff in the restaurant. We hadn't booked breakfast but upon check in we were advised that if we wished to take breakfast they would charge £15 per person as opposed to £22 if we decided to take it in the morning. Good tip for anyone staying!  Would certainly recommend the hotel - the bedrooms are a good size for central London, the location is excellent and the staff friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or270-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in late July following three weeks in France.  Our experience at the reception desk was good with plenty of advice received and the staff were very helpful.    Our room was situated on the fourth floor facing the front of the hotel.  The room itself was spacious as was the bathroom.  Over the four days the room was kept clean and tidy.    The restaurant at the hotel is fine and reasonable priced, although there are plenty of nice eateries across the road in the market area.  Only complaint is the room we had tended to be very noisy at 1:30 am with workers in the street tending nearby businesses making a lot of noise which woke me every night.  Maybe a makeover with double or triple glazed glass is in order.   The hotel is close…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or275-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Worth visiting!,"Grand hotel near to oxfordstreet, green pari and piccadilly.  Hotel is very clean, air conditioning that works well.  Comfy bed and clean bathroom.  If necessary there is great room service the first nigth i could'nt resist and ordered sausages mash and gravy which was great.  Breakfast is not over board but fine for starting the day.  Well worth coming.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or275-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Enough Hotel,"I recently took part in the Ride London 100 cycle event and booked a stay at this hotel as it was convenient for the finish of the cycle and adjacent to where I was meeting some friends. Like most centre London hotels it is expensive at €265 per night, but that's the price for a good location. And it is well located, but the hotel itself is badly in need of a makeover, it is grubby in many areas where a fresh coat of paint wouldn't go astray. But it's a clean hotel and the bedroom was spacious, had everything I needed. The staff were excellent, very friendly. The breakfast was good, descent enough choice of cereals and cooked options.  Would I return?...yes.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or275-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if you have any allergies!!,"Visited here for afternoon tea with my boyfriend, which was a gift from a friend. We were welcomed in by staff and shown to our table. One of the first questions they asked was if we had any allergies. I do. I have a nut allergy, so obviously I made them aware. We were served our champagne, which was lovely. Then the food came out. As she served she said all of this contains nuts and covered the whole dessert section of the afternoon tea. Slightly shocked I queried what she said, thinking I'd misheard whilst also wondering why on earth they would serve me something they know, not only I can't eat but I'm also allergic to. She repeated herself to which I responded so I can't eat any of this? Her simple answer was just 'No' as they walked away from the table. In utter disbelief I…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or275-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but not a 4 star hotel.,Stayed here for a weekend trip to london. The location is excellent opposite Shepherds Market and 5 mins from Berkley Square ... so right in the heart of Mayfair. The Hotel is a little 'soul less' though and whilst the rooms are clean and tidy I wouldn't class them in the 4 star bracket. We didn't eat there and there is a huge restaurant which in the main looked empty. What I also wouldn't expect from a 4 star hotel is housekeeping entering your room at 0830hrs asking if they can make up you bed.... especially when you are still in it! For a short break how the hotel serves it's purpose.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or275-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and petty,"This is definitely not a four-star hotel. The location is great, but that's about it. From the bland breakfast buffet to a grungy look and feel throughout the hotel, the price I paid for this place -- close to 200 pounds a night -- was definitely not worth it. I've stayed in three-star hotels that were cleaner, with character. The hotel policy is also petty because, though it advertises a free breakfast, don't you dare ask for sparkling water -- it will set you back some 3 quid. Bottom line: stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or280-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, perfect location, and great service","We stayed for nine days at the end of June, and were very happy with our time there.  It was very close to the Green Park Underground station which made it easy to get everywhere quickly.  We also appreciated having a convenience store across the street, as well as Shepherds Park just down the street with a good number of pubs and shops.  Our room was up on the sixth floor so it was very quiet and comfortable.  We were glad that we had A/C in the room since we stayed during the hottest days of the year. The free WiFi in the room worked very well. The only thing lacking in our room was feather pillows (which is just a personal preference of mine), but the hotel staff brought us two right away.  Breakfast was great every morning, and we were glad to be able to get room service one…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or280-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Last night in London ,We moved here from another hotel in London for one night. The room was good (carpet a bit grubby) and the shower powerful but I hate shower curtains! It was clean but I hate the way they stick to you.  Free tea/coffee and water but the air con was very noisy which was annoying.  Reception never asked us how our stay was on check out or I would have told them........,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or280-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great location","The location is perfect, the reception and everyone were really nice. The room was good, regular but good. There is no air condition in the hotel, only in the rooms (which is the most important of course) - that is the 4* reason.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or280-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment,"My family just got off a cruise ship and wanted to spend a few days in London. Mayfair is fairly close to the Eye and all the tourist destination but it is run down and dirty. We stayed in the Washington Suite. It was a large room but worn, mini fridge didn't work, blow dryer broken, A/C in sitting area leaked water had to shut off. We booked through American Express. When checking-in with 5 people they had two rooms for us. One being the Washington Suite on 2nd floor and the other room for our 3 children on the 2nd floor also. Their room wasn't ready, so we all waited in Our room. Then decided to eat dinner out. Then came back to them( our children) being moved to the 7th floor with 1 bed!!! The manager working the nightshift  was unfriendly and unwilling to make things right.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or280-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel but there is better for the price.,"The good - close to everything being just down the road from Piccadilly. Good (but not great) service and decent sized and clean rooms.  The bad - For the price I expected better service and there are better hotels much cheaper than this. You are paying for location, but London is so accessible by Tube and walking that you don't need to pay so much for this location.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or285-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor aircondition,The aircondition in the reception was not working I had stayed over 10 days and the weather was too hot and it was not so clean they take time to clean the room I don't know why but the location is fine ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or285-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",“Pleasant stay luxury surroundings.”,"We were offered a free room upgrade upon arrival ! Nice touch. Our superior king room 117 had the wow factor for us! loved the hallway decor to the rooms (1st floor our floor), quite grand! Loved the ambience and decor of the restaurant and bar area ( this is one of the main reasons I wanted to stay here) ! loved the air conditioning in rooms especially on a warm night! Staff very polite and helpful. At breakfast I felt for the staff as they were rushing round trying to accommodate various requests from the guests because one member said they were 4 members short. well done to those who served us!  Liked the fact that check out time was 12 pm and not the usual 10 am that we are used to in hotels so a good 2 hours extra  was good if we wanted to plan & not have to rush back to…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or285-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One of the best hotels, that the hotel is one of the best I've stayed at in London and I am very picky with the hotels I like the service is great the food is good and the hotel is across the street from a good grocery store and a nice resident on coffee shop the breakfast in the hotel is good for and really good service I highly recommend this hotel  ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or285-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel must try harder!,This hotel was recommended to us by family friends who stay here whenever in London so we were expecting a great level of service and quality for the price we paid.   We were allocated a room on 6th floor (601). First impressions were the room was tired nothing special and certainly not reflective of the price. The room was 'clean' but small things like the telephone being dusty and some little attention to detail missing disappointed. One positive was the great little wifi handy that is in the  room.  This is yours to use for the stay and is great if you don't have wifi and want to find places etc.  We ate in the bar the first night as we had noticed online a burger and beer offer for 12 each. The standard burger price from menu was 14 without a beer so we thought we would try.…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or285-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor aircon,Stayed here on 17/06/2017 Was the hottest weekend of the year. The air on in our room was terrible. The room was so hot we couldn't sleep.reception were no help at all. Wasn't offered kind of apology for our uncomfortable nights sleep...,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or290-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel ,"Our family trip to London was amazing. We stayed at the Washington Mayfair. This was our first trip to London and our choice of hotel couldn't have been a better one. The staff was great, housekeeping was great. They were very accommodating with us. The central location is amazing. We were literary neighbors with the queen. We took the underground tube everywhere and it was two blocks from the hotel. This is an upscale area in London, so things were pricy, the food in the area is good but be ready to spend some good ole English pounds. Overall, we loved it. We are planning on staying there again on our next trip. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or290-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in Mayfair,Not easy to find a good spot for a reasonable amount of money in Mayfair. This hotel is in a nice old building - rooms are spacious and staff friendly. In the middle of everything.  Would be happy to retrun and stay again,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or290-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Stayed for 2 nights while visiting friends and normally stay in st James but this is in a great location,friendly staff great breakfast and clean and tidy rooms and despite other comments I found the room spacious and quite modern in decor.the sky t v was great as I could watch the American golf open but I did notice the trolley with dirty bedding at the end of the corridor.(clearly needed removing). But based on all the positives would stay here again ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or290-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location,"Amazing location, but the entire hotel needs a complete and total revamp... the furniture, flooring, decor , bathrooms , windows .....etc etc I can go on and on... but seriously it does, I would always stay here as I have been doing so since the last 17 years, but now the time has come for a major overhaul.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or290-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to Highlands,"How many night managers would spend an hour with visitors at 2 am in the morning to help them find a streaming source for an NBA final game in London. Ours did and we watched until 5am with the Iranian.com sports channel he found. Exceptional service for our two days. Go warriors, go Mayfair!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or295-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,"Clean comfortable hotel in great location. Short walk to Green Park underground. Close proximity to theatre district and many other attractions such as Buckingham Palace, Westminister, etc. Very pleasant and helpful staff.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or295-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Pros : great location for exploring London . Quiet hotel. Really good sized room for London. Fabulous power shower. Great to have sky tv in the rooms. Free wifi which was great. Fabulous hairdryer in the room - you won't need to take one with you !Nothing was too much trouble for the staff they were lovely. Fabulous location for eating out in the evening- great little places to eat nearby   Cons: the double bed was in fact two singles pushed together. The decor and furnishings are tired and in need of updating even in the bar area. The large linen trolley was permanently full of dirty towels at the end of the corridor which you have to pass to get to the lift - it was there every day, all day.   I would stay here again as the cons didn't take anything away from the stay I…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or295-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay,Hotel clean and staff very helpful bedrooms were furnished well with all you could want location is good lots of places to eat and to have drinks hotel bar good sevice good arrived at two pm rooms not ready but soon given other room that were ready breakfast was ok I have had better the cooked breakfast buffet was only warm,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or295-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for what it is,"Had an overnight stay here as we were going to the theatre.  Rooms were clean and the bed and pillows comfy but that's as far as it goes.  The corridors need decorating, as you walk to the rooms it looks messy, old and in desperate need of a decorator.  The place was noisy with doors banging, lots of outside street noise, the sink kept randomly gurgling and throughout the night you kept hearing running water, as though someone had left the bath running?? First hotel I've ever stayed in that doesn't have biscuits either 🤔😂.  I expected more, I know it's London but certainly didn't get value for money, or a good nights sleep.  Poached eggs for breakfast was the highlight of the stay.  Staff were all polite and friendly but I'd not plan a return visit",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or295-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one night,"I booked hotel online whilst booking theatre tickets. It's in a good location, just off Piccadilly, a short walk from Green Park station. Our room was on first floor and was ok, reasonably comfortable. The annoying bits were the gurgling sink and the sound of running water from room above. Only ate breakfast there, which was from the buffet with some soft poached eggs.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or300-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Dynamic Duo,"I recently stayed at the Washington Mayfair, from 2 - 6 June (checked out this afternoon). I would like to extend my personal thanks to Daniel and Nuno from the reception desk.  I watched Daniel handle stress, like a zen-master handles…stress? He multi-tasked with check-ins and check-outs, phone calls and all all types of situations with patience and full authority. I also experienced Nuno taking personal charge over a minor room service issue we had. He followed up with full command, and made sure we were 100% satisfied. He even extended a complimentary meal to us, which was both unnecessary and very kind of him to offer.  If there was a Batman/Robin duo for any hotel crisis, this hotel has that team ready for action (I’ll let you decide who’s Batman and who’s Robin). I hope…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or300-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Quiet and clean room","Stayed 2 nights here in a nice twin room, clean and modern.  Shower is a little bit weak tho'.   Lots of TV channels.    Front desk staff is super helpful.  Arrived 11am coz' of early flight and they try to check us in, but only no same room type is available.  We opt for waiting for normal check-in time then.  Convenient store right across the street, with lots of options of cafes, bars and restaurant.    After check-out, we were caught in the BA global computer problem accident and needed to stay 2 more days in London.  My husband called them to get us a room for another 2 nights, but only house was full.  Staff did try to help us to find rooms in the hotel nearby.    Great service, good room, great location and GOOD value!  Totally my recommendation!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or300-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay 2 night stay ,"In London for Queens garden party with my son,  my friend and her son. Arrived 31st may for 2 night stay, we had booked 2 x twin rooms. We certainly weren't disappointed with my choice of hotel. Reception staff were very welcoming and check in straight forward, our rooms were all ready for our arrival. Rooms very clean and spacious, minibar stocked (which we didn't use), our rooms nice and quiet at night. Great selection for breakfast, there was something for everybody. Hotel is very well situated and is only a 5-10 minute walk through beautiful Green Park. Overall experience was first class,  couldn't fault it at all.  Looking forward to possibly another visit in August but this time with my daughter. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or300-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Surface polish but lacking depth,"Check in was slow due to a problem with the computer/key machine. Had to wait 20 minutes for a member of staff with a master key to let us into our room (which incidentally looked over the kitchen vents so opening the window was not an option).  Bathroom was wonderful: all the usual toiletries, etc. Hairdryer had a curly lead that pulls the plug out of the socket with any attempt to straighten enough to use. Tea/coffee stingy: 2 breakfast tea bags; 2 caffeinated coffee sachets. However, by far the most annoying aspect of our stay started at 08:30 with a single ring on the in-room telephone. This was followed at increasingly short intervals by more single rings until, by 09:30, the intervals were 5 minutes apart. No messages on the phone. A ploy to get guests out of the rooms…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or300-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea in Mayfair,"Enjoyed afternoon tea in this lovely old building. Arrived a little early in London on a warm and sticky afternoon to have afternoon tea . When we explained that we would be quite happy to wait in reception till 2.30pm ( the suggested time of arrival) we were courteously shown a table and offered iced water and a chance to settle before being served champagne and offered a selection of teas to choose from and the most delicious selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones. Everything was beautifully presented and the staff were most attentive so we had a delightful afternoon.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or305-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We had a booking at another hotel, but they had overbooked and asked us to go to this property.  We found a good size room (for London) which was clean and quiet.  The hotel is very well situated, only 2 minutes from Green Park tube station and we were made very welcome.  We would definitely stay here again when in London.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or305-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My belongings were stolen,"Be careful,  I stayed at that hotel and my stuff were taken away by the housekeeping staff.  I informed the hotel managers about that and his response was very disappointing.  I sent an email the email that's provided in their website and I have not received a response (been 2 months now).  STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.  Omar Almehen",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or305-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"Came with a large group of friends for a party over a weekend. Reception area and lobby could do with jazzing up a bit as it's not very friendly or welcoming. Staff at reception could do with jazzing up a bit as well....slow, bored looking and kind of just going through the motions. Don't expect jazz hands and a dance off but a few pleasantries wouldn't have gone amiss. Asked for an ironing board and iron which arrived within 10 minutes. Excellenté! Also my friend forgot her toothbrush and they brought one up within 5 minutes complementary which was cool beans. Room clean and good enough for a nights stay,  shower good with free toiletries. Drinks were extortionate and £10.50 for a bottle of Bud made me choke a little but I'm a northern lass so used to getting value for money.…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or305-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Girl's trip,"Stayed for 2 nights with a girlfriend, celebrating my birthday. Hotel nice and clean, staff was helpful. As we enjoyed our wine in the room, they knocked on the door with cake for the birthday celebration. A really nice touch!! The location is of course perfect, we always try to stay in the Mayfair area; no need for taxis or underground. Boots and grocery store just around the corner.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or305-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"room was spacious,great service but housekeeping was sporadic in replenishing some amenities - call to remind/request. and no bath robes. but location was great and everything else was fine 😀 would stay here again for sure! ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or310-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"Between Hyde park and green park, in other word between Buckingham palace end kenshington palace, working distance to piccaddily circus, SOHO and Oxford circus. so it can not be better for short London stay. But I got personal speaking with very strong foreign accent English who never listen what you say and I understood half of what she says.... which made me mad ! Hotel was normal quiet and clearn",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or310-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Visited London this weekend with 7 of my friends. What a waste of money this hotel is! Definitely not a 4 star hotel. Only good thing it has going for it is the location.   Front desk team do not have a clue & rooms need a lot of work (plug sockets not working, tired interiors, noisy AC, cheap spring mattress, one bed had a blanket stuffed in the quilt cover not a quilt, dirty linen, expired milk for the coffee, the list could go on).   Duty manager offered an upgrade on our next visit, will not be returning here! Emailed the general manager but no response.   Don't waste your money, you will be hugely disappointed.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or310-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"This hotel was selected by Rick Steves Tours for our group.  Anyone following Rick Steves and reading up on his tours knows that it's all about location, location, location.  Close proximity to Green Park tube stop, bus stops, Buckingham Palace and Big Ben (a quick tube ride, but why ride when you could walk through beautiful gardens to get there--about 1 mile).   We stayed SEVEN nights here and were very pleased with our room.  Upon our arrival the manager took us into 5 different rooms so that we could choose the one that we liked most for this long a stay.  Having been in that many rooms I can safely say that all seemed nicely appointed.  We chose to be in a 5th floor room with a King bed.  Street noises no issue. Extra:  several pubs and restaurants in easy walking distance…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or310-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Nice Hotel near Buckingham Palace,"Our  room was attractive and comfortable. The queen size bed was very comfortable. nice bathroom. Quiet.   Friendly helpful staff  Room came with complimentary English breakfast; ham, sausage eggs (poached and scrambled, potatoes,grilled tomatoes, baked beans , mushrooms, porridge, fresh fruit juice coffee and pastries. Extremely attentive service.  Hotel one block from Green Park  which is adjacent to Buckingham Palace. Two blocks to Green Park metro station with connections to most parts of central London. Easy walk to parliament buildings, Westminster Abbey, Coventy gardens, Trafalgar Sq. Hyde Paek. Can also walk to east end and south side attractions",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or310-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Conference Stay,"Excellent hotel, very central for Mayfair area, very pleasant and professional staff. My wife and myself enjoyed our stay and will be back.  The position of the hotel is first class and has easy access to Mayfair, Park lane, Hyde Park and Oxford street - all within walking distance.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or315-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",MAY VISIT,"Room on 6th floor which had a Juliette balcony Reasonable size and decent bathroom We met friends in bar in the eveningStaff lovely but no atmosphere,dark dingy with table cloths left on table from tea time",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or315-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Hotel in Mayfair ,"The Washington Mayfair is my number one choice of hotel around the Mayfair area, only a five min walk to Green Park tube station, quick check-in, spacious rooms with views, good beds and bathrooms.  I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel and would recommend it to all.  Regards,  Mark",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or315-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Hotel,Visited for a long weekend with my partner and was disappointed with the hotel. Its very dated and all through the hotel its so tatty. The hotel needs a full refurb as all the walls are marked and lots of cracks. The rooms are very tatty so look dirty. The tv in our room was awful after getting it to work we couldn't turn it off! I wouldn't recommend people to stay here as we have stayed in a lot nicer hotels in Mayfair area for the same price we paid.,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or315-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, terrible management","We stayed here for one night to visit a local restaurant. The room itself was fine - clean, modern bathroom etc although it was a bit small. Sadly though the manager of this hotel really lets it down. The fire alarm went off 3 times during our stay at 5 or 6am on a Sunday. Given we'd chosen to stay in London rather than returning home just to get a good night's sleep, this was annoying.  On checkout I was asked if everything was ok and I mentioned the fire alarm going on off. Rather than apologise the manager was instantly quite aggressive and just kept repeating ""I can't control what our guests do, somebody was having a shower"". It was a surprising response and if that's really the cause of the alarm going off, there's no notices in the bathroom like I've seen in other hotels…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or315-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Is this truly the Washington Mayfair?,"We arrived a bit early to book in but the reception were very kind and we were booked in to a room, fab. Room fab. We came back to the hotel about 10pm, got a drink and fancied a little Cajun burger on their menu but decided to do it as room service. We rang room service at 10.31 and we're told hot food stops at 10.30. This is the Washington Mayfair I said, they apologised but 10.30 is the deadline. They did deliver a fab club sandwich but still... this is the Washington Mayfair after all.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or320-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, fantastic location ","Stayed at the Washington Mayfair for one night with my husband for weekend of shopping and dining in London.  The hotel has an old London feel from front of house, with rotating glass doors and a classic 1800s style exterior.  Reception staff were friendly. Our room was on the 5th floor.  The room looked clean and well presented. The bathroom was modern. I went to shower before going up for dinner. There was a towel folded over the side of the bath ready to use as bath mat which when I laid out in the floor I noticed was dirty. I cast this aside and used another towel instead.  I checked the others and they looked fine.  The shower was hot and powerful. As my husband was getting ready for dinner I put the tv on and learnt that despite having a sky box in the room the tv was…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or320-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very noisy, poor food.","Only stayed on night during the week on business. I eat in the hotel restaurant which is open to the bar area, there were only four people including myself that evening in the restaurant. The menu choice is poor, and limited. I chose the nasi goreng from the menu, which was, hot in temperature but served with baby tomatoes and cucumber and cheap tough prawns that had not been shelled properly. The cheese board was prepackaged cheeses which still had vac packed lines on them from where they had been packed in individual portions. I had to go to the bar to ask for my bill. Even though the restaurant was quiet. The bar area looked more comfortable and was better more popular. The room was over a busy street would definitely ask for an inside room if there is ever a next time. All…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or320-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good but.....,"good hotel but....  the roomwe got  was at the end of a veryyyyyyyyy long corridor, we had to pass a narrow    door with the suitcases, and than another one, and than a third one. the  entrance to the room was also thru a small and very narrow entrance hall, and the room shape was strange -  rectangle.  The  windows were unsealed , we felt the wind outside + no hot  water at the  tap + phone was not working. . Because we had a reservation at a restaurant, we comlained and asked that when we will be back, they will change the room. when we came back they told me: "" we fixed the water & the phone. the manager said that there there is no  available room, so  you will have to stay there tonight"".  I  insised to move and told the  receptionist and the the receptionist that we will…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or320-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",No drama and a very comfortable stay,"Just one night at the Washington for a theater trip. Checked in and out by the lovely Miriam, we checked in at about 12.30 and our room was ready! we dumped our stuff giving us more time to enjoy the afternoon. I nice clean comfortable room, everything worked. My only advise is to read how the TV is switched on as you'll never guess the button combo required. Nice breafast too, buffet style with hot full English selection. For us, it was perfect.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or320-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Superb,A wonderful experience.  Easy check in and ideal room. 7th floor. 722.   Quiet room with everything we needed.  Hot water a plenty and very very comfy bed.     With breakfast open until 11:30am it gave us time to chat with the rest of our friends without pressure.    It's rare not to find fault with a hotel but it was a great great room and superb service.   Thank you.  2 very happy guests.  Well done. ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or325-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea,"I treated my friend to a champagne afternoon tea via Virgin Experiences. It cost £39.50 for the two of us and it was delicious. We had sandwiches, scones with jam and clotted cream, cakes and macarons. My friend spilled her champagne and they gave us both a full glass each on the house. It is great valus for money and the staff are lovely.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or325-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Afternoon,"Great afternoon tea, shared with a friend for my birthday. The Romanian gentleman in the blue suit was amazing. Felt as though, he was attending to us the whole time, very personal treatment. I would definitely attend again, and also recommend to friends/familly etc..",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or325-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,Booked as an anniversary weekend break. Check in was lengthy so we decided to leave our luggage and check in later. Although we were going out for dinner & room with breakfast already paid for we still had to leave card details & money deducted & not refunded for a week. Most hotels take card details but do not deduct money nowadays unless you've spent anything. Breakfast was of poor quality value ingredients. Room rather dated. ,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or325-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Average for the price - disappointing,"I booked this hotel as I thought it would be a luxury but it turned out to be a bit disappointing. Upon arrival we found we had to put down an extra £50 which we weren't prepared for. We were then told we were upgraded to a better room but upon looking on the website it appears this was not the case. We had already paid to be in a superior room which was a lot smaller than it looked on the website, and also was on the first floor so didn't have a view which you would expect with the premium rooms. The curtains were Velcro and so came down when pulled over and they were too high to put back up, they didn't even fully cover the window either. For a hotel of this price you would expect a super king bed to actually be such, and not two singles pushed together as in cheaper hotels.…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or325-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London Marathon ,We are currently staying here and I have to say the staff have been fantastic. The hotel and room are beautiful. You are provided with a mobile phone to use free of charge while you are here!!!  No complaints. ,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or330-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ms,"Absolutely charming Champaign afternoon tea, amazing quality - our waiter Nasrav was totally attentive and made us feel so special. The warm freshly baked scones clotted cream and home made jam. Truly creates the perfect""English afternoon Tea""  thank you.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or330-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea with champagne for my husbands 60th bday and our anniversary ,"This was bought as a present for my husbands bday by my sister .  Greeted ok seated early (informed in advance the occasion- nothing was mentioned ) failure 1. Waitress asked if we wanted coffee or tea and bought this out quite quickly , then sandwiches and cakes bought at the same time - failure 2.  Sandwiches consisted of 4 each , ham cucumber egg and salmon on a bagel (not bad) until I asked for another salmon bagel and I was quickly shut down by saying does not come with your package but your welcome to buy one - massive failure 3. Meanwhile while we were eating our miserly 4 sandwiches each the scones were getting cold  - failure 4. By now I was not really interested in the tiny cakes and  macaroons as I was still getting over the shut down not within your package . …",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or330-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My second visit,"This is my second visit to this hotel. Our room was a superior double on the 2nd floor at the front. It is a little noisier at the front but nothing that disturbed our sleep and we slept with the window open. The room was spacious and spotlessly clean and the bed very comfortable.   The staff as during a previous visit were polite, efficient and really helpful. This hotel is situated in a great are only 2 mins walk from Green Park tube station. There is also a taxi rank directly outside the hotel and for the more energetic traveller there are bicycles to hire at a stand opposite the hotel.   The bar is worth a visit and it's worth trying the varied cocktail menu. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or330-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",First class,"An excellent hotel, right in the middle of Mayfair. Unlike many near here (and we have stayed in more expensive rubbish!), this hotel was clean, definitely NOT in need of refurbishment, the staff were friendly and helpful, the breakfast was great, the value (for London) excellent. Our room was super. Difficult to fault really.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or330-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",amazing,after a long flight we landed in London  and straight a way went to this hotel the check in experience was amazing staff was very very helpful rooms was clean bathroom was clean food was good arrangements was perfect and the best part was they are offering mobile support through which you can alive  free calling facility to all the guest to stay connect what there families and friends and internet support which share the locations and attractions in and near by places in the city and also giving discounts on the tickets purchases amazing it is   i am highly recommend all the travellers who are visit this place do stay in this hotel and make your journey and experience,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or335-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, great location...","large modern hotel in Mayfair, we loved it.  Staff were very friendly, lovely restaurant although we only had breakfast here it was very well presented and well cooked. We had a newly refurbished room on 6th floor, our only complaint was the hard bed. Beautiful bathroom with large fluffy towels...we will definitely stay again",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or335-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,Great location & friendly staff.It was a really spacious room especially considering it was in London.The bed was superb and I had a really good peaceful nights sleep. Decor was very neutral & we had a balcony with chairs which was lovely especially as it was such a sunny day. Can't think of anything to fault them on & would definitely recommend.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or335-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Cosimo the bartender is the best!!,I travel often for work and am happy to have found my home away from home when I travel to London. The hotel is in a great location and is very nice. What stands out for me is the bartender Cosimo. His service is unbeatable! He adds so much character to the hotel. He is the reason why I return. Fabrizio is also excellent and provides an amazing personalized service.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or335-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Saturday - 1 night stay,"This hotel is ideally situated for London. You are a 15 minute leisurely walk into Soho and 20-25 minute for Covent Garden. Piccadilly Circus is 10mins with your neareat tube being Green Park. The hotel was ok. The rooms were clean but they were also very hot, especially the bathroom. The conceirge wasnt that helpful when we asked where we could eat when it was late. We think for what you get and its location it was ok on price but it needs some work to make it a stay to remember",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or335-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Hotel!,"Couldn't fault this hotel at all. We stayed for 3 nights and I wish it was longer.   Amazing beds, huge TV, very powerful shower and big fluffy towels.  Breakfast was great too, all seemed fresh, nice staff and the tastiest sausages I've ever had!  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or340-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"So myself and partner checked into this hotel for afternoon tea as part of the groupon voucher promotion.  Great attentive service. Nice tables and the qualities of the little cakes , maroons and bite size sandwiches were very good.   I think the fillings change now and then but today we were presented with ham, egg mayo and cheese/ cucumber.   There were also 2 salmon on bread with lemon.   Selection of teas and coffees to choose from. All the usual.  Scones were good and appeared made in- house.   Only slight niggle is that the environment controls seemed a bit working overtime so it was quite warm and stuffy without feeling much airflow, so if you go, just have a light shirt or T-shirt on!! No need for jumpers!!  Great location by Green Park to have a walk around afterwards.…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or340-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average ,"Very nice looking hotel, fantastic location, great friendly staff. Rooms are clean. Bed was uncomfortable, noises from everywhere from the water pipes and other guests as well as outside. Nice clean restaurant with good food. There was a very handy phone as a concierge to help tourists. Looked like a smartphone. Very helpful. Hotel looks lovely from the outside and at that particular location. ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or340-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A really good place to stay for a visit to St James palace,"We had a twin room ( upgraded to superior ) the room was lovely and in a quiet location. However it was adjoining room and the locked door was very thin so it was rather noisy. That said the room was very comfortable and breakfast goods. Ideal venue for Buckingham palace , piccadilly and The RA.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or340-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but not outstanding.,"Nice hotel and had no problems in particular. It's a great location and that can't be faulted. It's just a little odd as it's trying to be ""smarter"" than it is. Makes for an eclectic mix.  I was lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite and the room was very nice. Staff very pleasant. Didn't sleep too well though and I note a number of others have reported the same. Bed was comfortable but I couldn't get the temperature in the room right and as my room was on the first floor plenty of traffic noise from outside.  I'd happily come back on a business trip but wouldn't be my first choice for an upmarket private visit.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or340-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stat,"We booked 1 night stay and enjoyed it so much we stayed another night! Great location, lovely rooms with comfy beds. Our stay was made even better thanks to Cosimo the mixologist, such a great guy nothing too much trouble. Definitely be returning ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or345-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Memories that'll last a lifetime in this fabulous Hotel.,"This Hotel is simply fantastic. I brought my partner here for her birthday, as she's never stayed in London, I wanted to try something elegant and classy so I booked the Washington in Mayfair. The Hotel added extra special touches for the occasion and had a very pleasing surprise along the way. The staff are brilliant and very attentive, simply couldn't fault them. The location is great. I would love to return to the Washington in the future. Thank you to all the staff for making our stay magical. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or345-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,"Lovely hotel with staff that don't seem to interested. Room is clean and big but appliances need to be updated- iron blew up and coursed the electric to go off in the room plus pat test on hair dryer was not up to date. Breakfast staff are friendly, lots of choice however food is tasteless and drinks are watered down massively. Good location, tube station 2 mins away and lots of things a short walk away. Over all good hotel but does need improvements ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or345-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Located only few minutes walk from the Green Park Station, the hotel is very well situated right in the heart of London. Very close to, walking distance from Piccadilly, Soho, Covent Garden and major streets. For those who have business in Canary Wharf, only one single line, Jubilee line, gets you there from the Green Park Station.  A convenient place for short term business stay. This was my 3rd time staying there and will do it again when I am back in London for business or leisure. Rooms are small, breakfast is fair.  Great value for the price paid.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or345-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",rude unprofessional incompetent concierge,I live in London but came here briefly to meet a friend who was staying here. very disappointed with the concierge staff during the late evening into the night . unprofessional and brusque .this place has so much potential but needs updating too,None,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or345-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great find!,"We were in London for the first time and our plans at another ""4 star"" hotel had fallen through.  We walked around and around and came across the Washington Mayfair.  After waiting a bit, we were lucky enough to meet Annette S., the GM of the hotel.  She changed our whole trip by getting us a great room and breakfast!  Everyone was extremely helpful (even at wee hours of the morn) and the breakfast was fulfilling and delicious.  We started our day with a new view of London!  The warmth, caring and personal service that we experienced at the Washington Mayfair was second to none!  We will definitely be coming back here when we visit again!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or350-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice afternoon tea but not for the disabled!,"nice old building with modern interior - attended with a friend for afternoon tea and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  The tea was very nice, although they had been warned in advance that I was allergic to shellfish and fish, and they served the sandwiches and smoked salmon open sandwiches all on the same plate!  They took this away smartly when we explained and offered to make extra turkey & cranberry sandwiches.  These came back quickly, but we suspected they were on the same plate and they'd just moved them off! The scones were fine and the cakes okay but nothing special.  Also, the real downside was that the only toilets were on a lower floor down a huge staircase with no lift access.  As I cannot do stairs, I therefore asked what they could do for me and they said…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or350-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A gem in Mayfair,"This is an excellent hotel, located in the best spot in London, Mayfair. Green Park underground station, 3 minutes away, with its 3 lines, takes you anywhere. Next door you can enjoy the culinary delights of Sheperd's Market, and Kai, rated the best Chinese restaurant in London is within 6 minutes walk. Cafe Nero and Tesco is just in front of the hotel.  Now to the hotel itself. This is a cosy hotel, which gives you a taste of ""home away from home"". It is elegant but not extravagant like the hotels on Park Lane (with their  outrageous rates). The staff is kind and professional. Breakfast is nice, keeps you full for long hours. Rooms are spacious enough, spotlessly clean.   Based on my decades of travelling, this is the best value for money in London.  Uri Dromi Jerusalem",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or350-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Unmemorable Stay in Faded Hotel,"Given that it is only two weeks since I stayed here, it is surprising just how little I remember of it so I will not go into detail I have forgotten.  Suffice to say that it feels distinctly past its sell-by date and in need of investment.  That said, it is well located and less expensive than most of its neighbours but it needs a little love.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or350-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Overbooking - Diverted to another hotel, ripped off by cheeky manager","A reservation with 2 other coworkers, 450GBP per room prepaid. We make it to the hotel at 10pm and a manager with an italian accent tells us he has good and bad news, being the bad news the hotel is full, and the good one we will go to a better hotel. It's 10pm and we don't want to have an argument there so we accept what they offer. What they offer is a hotel 15 minutes from the previous one (which we had picked for being next door to the place where we had our meeting) and which is by far much worse than Washington Hotel. Another manager with an italian accent greets us very kindly in the new hotel (i assume they have done this many times) and when we sign up the registry card we find out the price for the hotel is GBP265. Terrible hotel, and no way they give us the difference…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or350-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect deal for London,"Super deal for quality/price in Mayfair! In one of the best area, nice hotel, good service, clean room and luxury style, you will enjoy your stay if you choose this hotel.         It was my second stay in this hotel and im not disappointed at all for going back there. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or355-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not a nice hotel ,Way too noisy and terrible beds to get anything like a good night sleep. Stayed for a short week for business but most days a lot was ruined by a bad night at this hotel. Air conditioner not able to cool down room and way overheated without it. Even earplugs didn't help. ,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or355-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Mayfair hotel,a stone's throw from Shepherd's market and other attractions.","A well maintained hotel with friendly attentive staff( ones that stood out where Agnes and John as both provided excellent customer service )ideal location.The breakfast was edible however cold at no matter the varied times we tried it , perhaps look at warmers under the food containers .The room was clean and the bedding was a good standard what I particularly liked is it smelt fresh without being laced with fabric softener or frebrezed as some often do.The only niggle we had with the room was the matress was way too hard on the bed which made it a little uncomfortable.The room service was served by a charming member of staff but the food  was awful it was only eaten as we where so hungry .On leaving the hotel yet again an excellent service provided by the door man to our…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or355-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderfull stay again,"Stayed here for the second time and did not disapoint , its a wonderful hotel with really good service and promo check in ,  rooms are spacious and clean, great quality beds,quilt & pillows,  the in room entertainment tv comes with full sky tv package(sports,movies etc)  The location is very good in Mayfair , its a 5 minute walk to oxford street & 1 minute walk to Berkley Square,   There a mini supermarket opposite the hotel for snack, drinks,tioletries etc. which is very convenient and within a 1 minute walk theres coffee shops cheap eats & some good old fashioned British pubs , but also wine bars if thats your thing,   a really good hotel in the capitol",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or355-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and affordable accommodation,The hotel is well situated close to public transport and good restaurants. Five minute walk to Tube. The hotel is situated 100 yards away from main roads so rooms are quiet Staff was friendly. My only comment... is why do they put room thermostat so low... 30inch off the ground?!!,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or355-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",very shocked,"i booked well in advance for my anniversary treat for my wife at a rate of £199 per night. After being shown our room i looked at the bathroom which looked as if no maintenance had been done for some time or had no maintenance structure. i have attached imaged and tell me if you would pay £199 for it. i was very saddened when i was told b the manager that i would not get any refund for choice to leave the hotel, after i explained that they could charge me what ever they wanted an i would contact the group he said he would take the money from my credit card and then would be re funded which i did not see the point of. lets see if the refund comes back.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or360-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else.,"I recently stayed at The Washington for 6 nights for a business trip.  I travelled with a business associate that had a separate room -- yet the same opinion.  This ""hotel"" is basically a 2 star, claiming to be more.  The room quality is low... dirty carpets, an abysmal bed (with slats below the ""mattress"" that broke... literally), cheap furniture, and etc.  If I were in Las Vegas, I would expect to pay ~ $75/night for this quality.  The included breakfast was a very standard English breakfast (eggs, ham/bacon, hash browns, a couple of fruit options)... that never changed.  The people that work there are relatively nice, but there is also a lack of training, which showed up when I Asked the front desk what time I had to drop of dry cleaning to get it back the same day, and they…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or360-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average.,"I'm not sure how this hotel achieved 4 stars. I've stayed in better premier inns to be honest. If you want a good location and a good breakfast then this hotel is for you. Just don't expect a clean room or courteous staff.   They tried charging us £50 in case we raided their mini bar and were made to feel like naughty children when we refused so they sent a man up with a bin bag to empty the mini bar.   The ""double"" bed was 2 singles and the ridge down the middle made for a very uncomfortable nights sleep.   Draughty windows - not great in February.   Windows aren't soundproof (because of the big gaps) so it was noisy.   2 mugs, milk and a kettle but no tea or coffee!! After a long and cold journey into London a brew was needed.   Tesco is literally opposite so we bought bits…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or360-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very unpersonal, book somewhere else.",This 4star hotel should has without a doubt the least personal servive i have experienced in a very long time. Nothing more than under average. As we checked in  the reception claimed they had to charge my creditcard 50 pounds per night per room to cover charges made to room. Minibar etc. I told that that was I was not letting them charge 400 pound from my card for insurance. Absolutely absurd. In ANY 4star hotel it is normal to pay for in-room services as you check out. To me this is nothing but currency fraud. So instead of handling the situation well they EMPTIED the mini bar!  Making me feel like a teeanager left alone for the weekend away from my parents and I was not to be trusted with the minibar. It needs to be said that I was there on business and travelling with an…,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or360-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",This is not a 4 star hotel,"I was very disappointed when I came here, the only positive thing with this hotel is the Location!!!! But I had room towards the street and there where workers the whole day making a lot of noise and also in the night. Beds are extremely hard and pillows too. I stayed one night and have pain in my back!!! The rooms are old and tired, needs to be refreshed! Hotel lobby is horrible and the girl in the reception very tired... I would not come back to this hotel again, for me this is the worst hotel I've tried in London!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or360-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful, helpful and an all around pleasant experience.","I stayed at the Washington Mayfair hotel for a two week period and never once had a complaint about it.  The staff was always helpful, understanding and friendly.  The room was nice and spacious with large bathroom.  And it is located just a short walk from Buckingham Palace, or Piccadilly Circus.  Good location and good establishment.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or365-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great place, great location!!!","This hotel is in an excellent location, just north of Buckingham Palace.  The hotel was very clean, the lobby was inviting.  The room was actually bigger than expected and suited 2 people just fine. Plenty of closet space and drawers to unpack your clothes into.  The room also came with a safe.  The bathroom had a large bath/shower with towel heaters.  Towels were extra large and soft.  The bar area stayed open late and made very good drinks.  It was so nice to just walk to everything from this very central location.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or365-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding hotel experience,"I've stayed at the Washington Mayfair a number of times with a US university student group that uses the hotel for two weeks every year-- late December to early January--and I have never been disppointed. I simply can't say enough good things about the hotel.  The general manager, Annette, is so wonderful and welcoming, and we always feel like we are returning home when we arrive.  The rooms are lovely, well-appointed, and comfortable. The staff in all areas of the hotel are absolutely amazing--reception, concierge, catering, housekeeping, Madison's Restaurant.  In addition, the location is fantastic.  The hotel is within easy walking distance of many major sites, and the Green Park underground station is just a few blocks away.  Our students, faculty, and staff are so happy…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or365-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London site seeing,"Disappointing hotel in a nut shell, the room was smaller than anticipated the decor, fixtures and fittings we're tired. Welcoming senior member of staff, junior member of staff clearly needed more knowledge of booking arrangements. The bar prices were excessive for alcoholic drinks, the full English breakfast on the other hand was very good in quality and taste. Restaurant staff very helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or365-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",prefect location,"Friendly staff and amazing service. The hotel is very well placed. Quite central near Piccadilly Circus. Rooms are relatively large, like the bathroom.  Breakfast has a variety of selection. Definitely shall be returning next year. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or365-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AMAZING AFTERNOON TEA,"My wife and I had afternoon tea here last week, and it was a wonderful experience. The hotel is beautiful and the staff were the nicest people you could wish to meet, nothing was too much for them. The service was superb as was the food. The manager Asif, who introduced himself to my wife and I, as soon as we arrived was lovely. He made us feel so welcome from the second we walked in. Asif and his staff  made the experience really special. Thank you so much, we will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or370-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed my stay,"I enjoyed my stay last year. The room was very clean and the staff were wonderful. I forgot some items in the room and they were well kept. Maryam was just the best at the front office. When in London, this remains my hotel of choice while in London",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or370-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",OK,"Reception area plain and boring, rooms good and very quiet.breakfast average. Location for shopping and sightseeing perfect. Lux rooms top floor have private balcony. Service average, porter not very knowable.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or370-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Thoroughly enjoyable pre-Christmas stay!,"We had stayed at the Washington Mayfair last year, and had had a few minor problems, which were dealt with during our stay.  We also received a follow up email after our return to the U.S.A, which was a nice surprise, and very professional.  This time, we stayed for six nights,  then again for three more nights.  Both experiences were most enjoyable, and  we were very happy with our room,  the service provided, and the staff.  Special mention must go to Asif, the Food and Beverage Manager, and his Breakfast Room staff, who were totally on the ball, friendly, and attentive.  We love the location of this hotel, and look forward to our next stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or370-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Staff were just wonderful.  We had afternoon tea bought for us and when we emerged from green the park station it was crowded as New Year's Day parade in full flow and the heavens had opened with a torrential down pour!  We arrived utterly drenched.  The staff provided towels and hot tea and took out coats to be dried in their laundry! Afternoon tea was scrumptious and the staff again accommodating and friendly obviously well trained and just lovely / could not recommend this hotel any higher! Staff are just a credit to the hotel, thank you so much .",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or370-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location 3 star accommodation,"I have stayed in this hotel on many occasions and always go back as it has an excellent address which makes it very easy to get around London.  It is in a quiet street, just across the road from Shepherds market.   Unfortunately, the hotel really should only have 3 stars in my opinion for the following reasons.  The breakfasts are really not good.  The choices are limited and the quality of the food is below average.  I certainly would not pay for the breakfast to be included again.  The rooms are really tired and worn.  Our mattresses were really bad.  The housekeeping is very haphazard and the service in the hotel was either excellent or terrible.  Perhaps some of the staff just need more training.  We ordered an airport transfer which didn't arrive even though it was…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or375-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our stay,"A friend and I stayed at this hotel on the 16 December for 2 nights.   On arrival we had a ""disappointing"" check-in having to show both parties ID where normally we just have to show one. My friend did not have ID with her and we were made to feel awkward and unwelcome. Nevertheless after a short while of consideration they proceeded to allow us to check in using just mine.   I had booked a twin room and it was a double we entered into, however after ringing reception they split the beds for us.  The room was nicely decorated, a nice size, just felt a little worn (scratched furniture and marks on the wallpaper) but overall I was pleased with it. A large gap under the bathroom door opposite our beds wasn't ideal though.   Breakfast was nice but had to wait for hot food to be…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or375-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a little more love,"Great location in a lovely neighborhood. Easy walk to Green Park Station and Hyde Park. Concierge staff were very nice. The hotel needs a revamp. Even knowing London hotel rooms can be quite cramped the low beds and room layout still made it feel tight. The room was entirely too hot. Our alternative was insanely cold. No one slept well either night. Housekeeping needs a chat. Shower items missing on check-in, towels not replaced. Refrigerator not even fully stocked. Bad lighting and no counter top in the bathroom.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or375-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",In two minds,"At the reception desk we had a cold welcome and the man asked me 200 £ more than the price mentioned on the reservation form! He explained that the surplus would be refunded. When I left the receptionist was just as cold, I had to ask her to speak more slowly, she found it normal that I should be surcharged : ""that is the hotel policy"".  In fact because I made a fuss they did not surcharge, but the fees of their bank system was twice as expensive than those of my bank (I paid in Euros, another mistake). So arriving and leaving was a poor experience. A pity because the staff at breakfast was very nice, the location is great, the room comfortable and large enough, breakfast was perfect. But a bit noisy two nights because of  dance parties in the restaurant.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or375-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wife's birthday,"We stayed at the Washington on the 19th Dec for my wife's birthday to stay over have a nice meal and enjoy a show. I was a bit disappointed that on entering our room there was not a single red rose on the bed as I had requested, my wife's favourite. Before we went to the show I pointed this out to the reception staff, on our return there were rose petals all over the room floors bed everywhere plus two pieces of cake and two glasses of champagne. Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough, we normally stay at Flemings just around the corner but the Washington is equally as good. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or375-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location needs a revamp,"On the positive side the hotel is perfectly located in the heart of Mayfair, it has a certain ""cachet"" and the prices are fair. But it urgently needs to be throughly refreshed/improved/face lifted.  Very nice staff. Decent breakfast",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or380-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rather below average...the only thing this hotel has to offer is the location,"If it wasn't for the location, this hotel would have nothing to offer. Don't be drawn in by the fact that this is in Mayfair- The hotel is dated and in dire need of renovating, the beds have incredibly uncomfortable spring mattresses, small showers over bath tubs, and there are no basic conveniences in the room that you would expect to find in a 4 star hotel (hair dryer, dressing gown, shampoo and conditioner).  Two of the plugs in our room didn't work, and there was no menu providing room service options and mini bar prices. The minibar fridge we had was actually warm!! We were using it to warm our bottle of red (haha)  The staff are slow (we asked for an iron and ironing board that took over an hour to arrive - when I rang down to raise this I was mumbled at and had the phone…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or380-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel review,"Dark room, difficult to read a newspaper. No bedside light. Breakfast: eggs inedible, not free range, scrambled eggs solid, coffee ok, refilled by staff. Staff pleasant. Busy modern London hotel. Not particularly good value for money. Probably wouldn't return.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or380-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great choice we were all impressed,We were staying here for the first time for a friends birthday treat.  We both thought our upgraded room was very fine. Particularly liked the German fittings in the bathroom and especially the shaving mirror.  Room was quiet given central location.  Good breakfast in the morning.  Staff very attentive and helpful.  Excellent value for money given the price point.  We will definitely use again.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or380-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money.  Very average. Good location ,"Average and not worth the money. Good location. Very poor breakfast. Reception was shoddy. Hotel definitely need a major refurbishment.  Tired, old fashioned. Staff were not helpful or professional. Would not go back",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or380-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Resident's bar closed at 11pm!,"Rather than go on to another venue after an evening out in London 4 couples returned to the hotel for a night cap before returning only to find that the hotel bar was closed down by the night manager Abed just softer 11pm, which ruined the end to our day. Won't be staying there again",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or385-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Expected more for the price,"For a four star hotel in London I just expected more....  Reception/check in:  Staff friendly and check in fast. No complaints here. The lobby area is nice.  Room:  I had booked a superior room. The size was ok. Bed very large, but I didn't expect there to be two single mattresses instead of one. This is really poor! The carpet was grubby and even torn in one place (see picture). Bathroom was adequate and clean, although the tray to hold your toiletries needs attention (see picture). The desk hadn't been dusted for quite some time (see picture).  Bar:  Service in the bar was good  Breakfast:  Breakfast was good, but the chairs left a little to be desired. Could do with spending some money on updating the place.  Concierge:  They held our bags all day after check out whilst we…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or385-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and nice staff,"The hotel is rather small and beautiful hotel.  The location is very good, staff very helpful and friendly.  The breakfast was superb. Room was clean and very tidy. Definitely shall be returning next year. Stayed there with friends and we enjoyed it. It is really close to pubs and restaurants, and walking distance to Buckingham Palace as well as to Big Ben.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or385-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel with friendly staff,"We had a lovely stay at the hotel. Our room was ready upon our arrival and we had no trouble checking in. The room itself was very nice. The bed was big and very comfy. We had one (very large) duvet for 2 people, so we contacted the reception to get 2 smaller ones instead and it was taken care of immediately. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We couldn´t have wanted it better. The breakfast was delicious with a wide selection of choices.  I wouldn´t hesitate to stay at the Washington Mayfair if I visit London again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or385-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Just about OK,"My experience at this hotel has consistently gone down. Relative to its price, the hotel seems to be too old, some renovation would definitely help. The location is just average, for this price, you can get a much better located hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or385-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & Comfortable,"The hotel is well sited for the West End. Our room was spacious with a comfortable double bed. The bathroom was well equipped except for the lack of a ladies make-up mirror. Good shower and plenty of towels. The buffet breakfast offered a wide choice and was generally good although a Cappucino was charged extra. A tube line must run under the hotel as we could hear the trains from our first floor room. However, for busy central London, the room was very quiet. Will certainly stay again when visiting.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or390-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Mayfair location near sites and the underground,"Central location to key tourist sites (Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Square) and easy acess to the Green Park Underground to access three underground lines.  Great restaurants and pubs close by at Shepards Market ( across the street).",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or390-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Stayed here with my husband for a weekend in Dec to celebrate my birthday. Lovely warm welcome at reception. We were too early for check in but the hotel were happy to look after our suitcases so we could look around the area. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of lovely restaurants nearby. Although in a very good location 2 mins walk from Green Park and 10 mins from Hyde Park,  Curzon Street was very quiet at night.  We had a superior king size room much bigger than your average size hotel room in London. Room and bathroom very clean and comfy bed. I was very hot in the room ( I always am) however the aircon soon fixed that, in fact it worked so well I only needed to use it for a few minutes at a time.  We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant nice breakfast and good…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or390-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Winter break,"Hotel was very nice, the staff were attentive tho the waiting staff could smile a bit more!we were on the 7th floor the room was a bit on the small side but adequate for a nights stay. Very clean and tastefully decorated. If staying longer I would feel a bit stifled.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or390-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very loud and Challenging,"Our room on the 4th floor had very old windows that let in all the sounds of the city and the nearby construction. One side of the bed was horribly broken. We didn't sleep well at all which, ruined our trip because we were so tired.  The hotel moved our room the 2nd night but, we still would not recommend the hotel until they finish upgrading the windows. The hotel offered no discount for the horrible experience. ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or390-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My Stay from 21 - 25 November 2016,Excellent hospitality from all the people especially Mr. Asif Bajwa for his warm welcome and service which is unparalleled. I am really for to spend some more time there again. It was a business trip and next time I'll bring in the whole family for vacation.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or395-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","""Weekend with friends""","Amazing location beautiful hotel, staff very helpful and friendly,   Could not fault anything even the breakfast was superb. There was three of us in room which was perfect for us all still had plenty of room to move about in clean and very tidy. Definitely shall be returning next year.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or395-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it!! (unless you JUST want the location),"Stayed in a 'twin' room with my Mother for a night.  Ha!  The 'twin beds' were a double bed that had been separated and there couldn't have been more than 2 inches between them.  Luckily my Mother and I are good friends, but this is not twin-bedded room!  I would expect two separate beds - it was just like sharing a double!!  There was a hole where the mini-bar should have been.  Nothing there.  We had been 'upgraded' we were told, and room we were given was the weirdest I have ever come across.  The main room was as you would expect dimension-wise.  it was functional, grey, not one picture on the wall and finished to a poor standard, and poor for this suggested level of hotel.  Then there was a set of curtains, closed like a theater stage, and we opened them with excitement and…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or395-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok,"Have stayed in August in this hotel. I chose it because of its location. I did not check if there was valet parking or a parking garage close by. There was a garage about four blocks out, so having to take your shopping bags for a mile is not fun. Also the garage accepts only cash... Anyway, the hotel is ok, not great, not luxurious. It is clean, staff is friendly.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or395-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Booked for the first time for our biannual trip to London and this hotel didn't disappoint. It's in a great location and reasonably priced compared to others in the area. We booked a delux twin which was a great size with a large bathroom and very comfortable. Good sky tv which is worth mentioning for after partying. Taken off one star simply because there were no facecloths or robes which I would expect from a delux room and the mini bar had no spirits or mixers. Staff were friendly, helpful and checking in and out was very easy.   I'd definitely stay again. It's not luxury but a fab choice in a great area and in my opinion worthy of four stars. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or395-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay for the theatre,"Hotel good location and very clean ,  Friendly staff would recommend  reasonably prices, the only issues was the room was to ready and we had to wait 20 minutes  , this was a surprise as I booked 6 months ago .",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or400-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Dont have high expectations,"I booked this hotel for my girlfriend birthday and paid for a deluxe room £525 for 2 nights. Standards are poor, shower head dirty, bed covers ripped, 2 windows did not open and the one window that did work fell down, required a magazine to keep it open. There was no hairdryer in the room, called reception x2 before they came up with one, the safe deposit box did not work, no bathrobe as stated for a deluxe room. Note pad box empty. Very disappointed. Room 611.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or400-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overrated & out dated ,"Stayed for 1 night this weekend, looks nothing like the website. Seems very dated & could do with a revamp! At £200 per night if not more I think it's quite expensive for what you get. But location is key here! Tiny bathroom but with a great shower, stained carpet & walls in the room & curtains that didn't pull fully. Reception staff weren't overly friendly & quite abrupt I found. Concierge staff were lovely! Had breakfast & food was good but nothing special. Was an ok stay but don't think I would return to the Washington. ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or400-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location,"The hotel is rather small and basic but the location is really good. I've stayed here twice for work (Sep 2015 & Sep 2016), and I've enjoyed it. It is really close to pubs and restaurants, and walking distance to Buckingham Palace as well as to Big Ben. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or400-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Over-priced and Awful,"I arranged a treat for my daughter and myself to stay for one night in this hotel and to enjoy a rare weekend get-together in London. Let me begin by saying that I am fortunate in having travelled extensively around the world, so I do understand what makes a hotel excellent. This establishment failed utterly.   On entering our room for the first time, we saw that although I had asked for a room with two double beds, we had been given two twins...obviously a king bed with half an inch between mattresses which could not be pushed further apart, as was suggested we do when I questioned the set-up! Then we discovered our secret annexe....a curtained-off freezing side room with access to a tiny balcony. In this side room there was a large tv on the wall (no controls), two old office…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or400-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",An overnight stay,"Was not wowed by the Washington Mayfair hotel. Check in was fine and the room was ok, unfortunately the bathroom was let down by some flaking paint on the ceiling & the shower valve missing the handle to turn it!   When we returned from our night out our key would not let us into our room, reception reloaded the key but again it didn't open the door. A second trip down to reception & returned to the room with a member of staff who couldn't get into the room either!!  After about 15 mins we were back in after staff had fixed the lock - not ideal.  Breakfast was ok, it wasn't very busy yet we still waited 10 mins before we were offered tea or coffee.   Having stayed at other hotels in the area the Washington did disappoint and was not up to the standard of other hotels in the…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or405-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hospitality with attention to detail,"Our stay was enjoyable starting from our check-in, with friendly, hospitable staff (including but not limited to Asif, Director of Food and Beverages), throughout our stay. When asked for something to be attended to, it was done immediately and with care. The hotel is in walking distance to anything you would want to see or visit in London. I would highly recommend a stay here!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or405-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but very dated and in need of revamp,"Nice enough hotel its best feature is its amazing location . Lobby and restaurant are very dated and old looking with strange decor . The room and bathroom was ok , there was a patch on the ceiling that needed painting . I had to request an iron which took over an hour and when someone eventually come to the room i asked about another robe and got a WHAT from the lady . Most staff ok but none over pleasant .",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or405-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My worst hotel experience,"No reply to emails before arrival - wanted to request the same room on both nights. On arrival I was told that this was Impossible for them - and that I should ""never assume anything"" when I referred to my unanswered emails. The team in the reception spent 30 minutes to check us in, very unorganized and not very helpful or welcoming. Day 2: I packed my suitcase and went down to change rooms,  only to be told in the reception that I had the same room both nights - which the previous day was ""impossible"". Me and my colleague were ""upgraded"" To a very worn down, dusty room instead. Day 3: I had ordered breakfast for myself. Went alone for this - average breakfast for 15 GBP. Checked out. Later when in town shopping, I receive a phone call from the manager, accusing us of being 2…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or405-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty average. Good location,"The best thing I can say about his hotel is the location. Staff was welcoming too, especially the men that deal with your luggage for you, they were very welcoming. We stayed in a deluxe king room - I wouldn't pay the extra for it - no way. It wasn't worth the money, we didn't have bath robes in our room when I asked for one to be brought up I got told they would but it never actually came. The shower was rubbish, it just dribbled out the shower head. The sky box was behind the TV so meant having to get out of bed to actually change the channel. The bed was comfortable, and clean. Taxis were a good price from here to places like Oxford street/Harrods/Covent Gardens.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or405-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very central hotel in a buzzy area,"The Washington is perfectly located if you have to be in Central London, close to Green Park Station and to lots of lovely restaurants and bars. The service is really nice, rooms are spacious and really clean, the breakfast buffet is perfect and if you don't feel like having breakfast in the hotel there are lots of options within a 5 minute walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or410-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",enjoyed our stay,"The location is great just 2 blocks from the tube, Nice neighborhood, felt safe as my two 20 something daughters and myself walked around even after dark. The staff were helpful and the hotel clean. Very nice breakfast served at the hotel. We all stayed in a room with 2 twin beds and a roll away so it was tight but ok.  I would stay there again!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or410-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"Situated close to tubes, take time for a stroll in the park, very close to Green Park, staff excellent, room and bathroom large and very clean.  Only ate breakfast in the reatruant, staff in there very nice would definately stay there againa and again",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or410-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location location,"The location is probably the best thing about this hotel. The building is rather old, but has some charme. Rooms are worn, especially the bathrooms (at least in my room). Found the bed too soft and didn't sleep well at all. Breakfast was pleasant though. I find this hotel average. Since it's London, you pay a lot for what it's worth.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or410-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant service - staff went above and beyond,"On the 27th October The Washington Mayfair Hotel hosted a unique evening for Crossday Productions, Origami Films, Genesius Pictures and the UK Sepsis Trust.  Following the London premiere of new feature film Starfish at the Curzon Mayfair, The Washington Mayfair Hotel provided drinks and delicious food for hundreds of guests at the premiere after party. We were looked after beautifully – the staff couldn’t have been more helpful or obliging. Nothing was too much trouble, the service was perfect and everyone had a fantastic evening. The Washington Mayfair comes highly recommended as a wonderful venue in a great location.  Starfish tells the incredible true story of Tom Ray, who lost all four limbs and parts of his face to sepsis following delayed diagnosis and treatment. It’s…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or410-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and location. The staff are excellent.,"Visited London for a few days for a special occasion, the hotel and staff made it particularly memorable visit. The hotel was very clean and comfortable but my lasting memory will be the friendliness of the staff. I must single out Asif Bajwa for a special mention. His good nature, warmth and professional manner was a refreshing change to some hotel staff both my wife and I have encounterd.  The hotel should be very proud of him.  I would certainly use this hotel on any future visits to London and would not hesitate to recommend it to friends.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or415-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","'Exceptional service, above and beyond the point of call'","I was impressed with the welcoming feel I got when I first attended the Washington hotel in Mayfair, I was greeted immediately by the food and beverage manager, I believe his name was Asif. He really attended to my need's well, the purpose of my visit was to see the premiere of a feature film called 'Starfish'. Perhaps the manager could tell from my facial expression that it was a big night for me so he made me feel comfortable and really well looked after. I got served a beer at the bar and then engaged in a really pleasant conversation with the food and beverage manager once more. After my beer I went to the premiere and it was great, afterwards, when I was back in the hotel with the whole film crew we all got looked after and cared for so well, everyone always had a drink in…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or415-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel great location ,I come here a lot and always enjoy it Smart rooms Nice gym Super breakfasts  Very quiet and relaxing Tv has sky movies - some do not  My go to hotel for the west end /Mayfair as very reasonably priced  What's not to like   Why not a five star - simply as the restaurant could have more options for evening meal   Well done etc,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or415-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","A good hotel, location and value","Used by Rick Steves tours. Good value. Not budget, not high end, Hotel has been upgraded recently. It made a good central base for our 3 week stay, used Uber a lot and bus service a bit also. Close to bus stop and Green Park tube station. We walked to many places directly from hotel. Mayfair district is upscale and seem very safe. Good bar , bar menu and service. Excellent chef and food. Unfortunately it was hot in London during our 3 week stay and the lobby and bar and restaurant were not air conditioned; however the hotel room was air conditioned. Web site said there was a mini bar. There was no mini bar. Nice and close to Shepards Market area that has many local bar and dining establishments. Movie theater just a few blocks away. Saudi Arabia Embassy just down street. Coffee…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or415-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",primark treis to be Versace....,"from outside hotel promises a lot, reception looks nice too but the room wakes You up from the dream...when I arrived in the hotel found my reservation out cancelled by the receptionist because my card was declined coz I didn't manage pay money in to the bank, well it happens if You are busy person. After around 15 minutes Me and my partner been given another room for a same price. Key to the room didn't work which was annoying. the room was very hot, we didn't sleep well, it was very loud too. around 8 am fire alarm went on for no reason...breakfast that we had delivered to the room was very bad presented and was far from a good taste. Bathroom had no space for our personal items. Hotel does charge for a wifi, I don't know exactly how much coz I stayed there only one night and…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or415-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed at this hotel for one night as we went on a river boat cruise. 5 min walk from tube and close to local attractions. Lovely big room with tea and coffee making facilities, bathrobes, toiletries etc. Spoilt for choice with breakfast, had everything you could think of a great selection of continental or cooked, with selection of fresh fruit etc.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or420-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Another pleasant stay at the Washington Mayfair,"This hotel is all about the location. Right in the heart of Mayfair with Bond Street, restaurants and nightclubs galore right at your door step we literally walked to our friends party. You are spoilt for choice with the location.  We stayed here whilst celebrating a birthday. The hotel entrance is clean and the furniture is basic. The rooms are fairly modern and clean, adequate size with a bath tub in the bathroom and nice toiletries. Free water in the room. Room service had a decent selection delivery was fast and the food was good. Wifi was free. Some small niggles - Our room door slammed shut loudly if you didn't hold the door when entering. The double bed was two singles put together which could be changed to a proper double for better comfort. However you can't beat the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or420-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",nothing to complain about. Enjoyed the stay,"Bought our accommodation using Secret Escapes for our half price long weekend and We had B&B terms. For the time we were indoors enjoyed as much breakfast as we could take. Comfortable bed, Attentive service. With all those restaurants across in Shepherds Market, why eat in?",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or420-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ok I guess,The Hotel was fine.  Pretty typical for a mid ranged London or European hotel.  The room was actually a good size but I did hear some complaints about the size of room by some people.  The staff was generally pleasant and helpful.  I was on the 6th floor and I have to say the water pressure in the shower was outstanding.  The biggest downside was the food and beverage.  When ordering a cocktail they basically break out a thimble to measure how much vodka you get in your drink.  The bigger issue was the room service.  The food was just not good at all.  Do not order the pizza.  I really didn't think there was any such thing as a bad pizza but wow it was awful.  I also had a club sandwich and a burger by way of room service and neither were any good.  Overall it was a good…,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or420-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Night in london ,"It's a nice hotel, very comfortable and reasonable, the staff were perfect. In places it's a tired and needs a bit of a facelift.  It's located in the centre of Mayfair 2 min walk from green park tube station and Piccadilly. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or420-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","All right, but...","We booked this hotel at quite short notice as we had received an unexpected invitation to attend a special event in London and other hotels we had contacted were fully booked.  Our reservation was efficiently confirmed so we were surprised, on arrival (at about 6 p.m.), to be met with blank looks from the receptionist. When we asked if there was a problem we were told that a room would become available soon. Naturally we asked why one wasn't available at that time and politely stood our ground waiting for a satisfactory answer. After about 10 minutes, during which the receptionist fumbled with the computer and muttered to another receptionist, a manager came from a back office and allocated a room. No explanation for the delay was given. Our room was at the back of the building…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or425-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very average,Looks good from the outside but very shabby inside. Rooms are ok pretty good size. Service in the outdated bar was awful. Waited 20 mins to order some food then another 10 for a glass of wine.... Don't think I will bother with breakfast. Not impressed. ,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or425-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The shower ... I am in love ,Stayed at the hotel whilst attending an awards at the hilton park Lane....I really liked this hotel .. a very warm and very friendly staff... rooms are little small but very modern and comfortable.  The shower was amazing .. I love a shower with some power and thus did not disappoint... thanks for a wonderful comfortable stay ....,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or425-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,Had a suite here for one night whilst visiting for a trip to the theatre. The room was very good. Nice and clean could a have done with a proper shower instead of one over the bath. Otherwise very nice. Breakfast was excellent 5 stars for breakfast.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or425-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very poor hotel, past its best","I stayed at this hotel on Thursday the 8th of September and I  was looking forward to a night in a high end hotel in a great part of London. Sadly the rooms are very average, my bed was way past its best as the mattress was worn out. The room smelled of cigarettes. The place looks tired and I'd never stay there again. There are so may other hotels to choose from avoid this one. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or425-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very hot,Clean hotel and nice bed. Was given an upgrade to a bigger room that was nice.  But it was very hot and the air con was poor.  The bathroom floor and radiator was on and I couldn't switch it off.  Made it worse.  Asked for an ironing board and was sent one with a lose table cloth for a cover?  Premier Inn does better than that.  Breakfast okay but why not offer toast?,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or430-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good though pricey central option,"Made a few short stays here in 2015 for work.  Overall it is a decent hotel, though an expensive one (but hard to find cheaper in that part of town).  Importantly the sound-proofing in the rooms is good.  Breakfast was good, and the staff were courteous.  Nothing phenomenal to note, but also nothing disastrous.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or430-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rip off London,"I understand that Mayfiar is an expensive area. I understand that hotels are expensive to run, This is meant to be a 4* hotel. Only in London.  Small room, without the usual amenities one would expect.  No water on bedside (but in the minibar) No trouser hangers Shower that was coming away from the wall Room overlooking a bottlebank which was emptied at 6.00am ( and very loud) No nice public area All this for £180 for one night This is a three star at max. Save your money stay elsewhere",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or430-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Epic stay:-),"I treated My Son and I to a 2 night stay in this beautiful hotel. Location excellent...Ambience relaxing...Staff very friendly and courteous. Our rooms were upgraded (complimentary), and they were of a good size...with all the little luxuries. The beds were extremely comfortable..and air con appreciated as it was humid weather. We had a birthday dinner at Madison's restaurant, and I can honestly say, that it was the best dining experience of my life!. From the service, ambience and quality and presentation of food:- all outstanding!. Thank you to Asif and Staff for the thoughtful birthday gesture. We will be back:-) xx",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or430-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington mayfiar,"Centrally located, good value, good rooms. Only spent one night but has everything we needed, cool AC, powerful shower and enough space for a quick visit.  Close to green park tube , the palace , and easy to get to the museums and shops.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or430-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday surprise ,"My boyfriend took me here this weekend on a birthday surprise, great location and lovely hotel! Staff were so friendly and helpful. Would def visit again. Our room was on the top floor and was huge! Breakfast in the morning was good too.. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or435-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very inflexible,We were surprised to arrive at the hotel and be told that though we booked 2 rooms with 2 beds each that this would cost 40£ per room per night extra! But we had booked and received the rate for 2 single rooms. The gentleman behind the counter insisted this was no so.  Also one of the two rooms booked had brrakfast included; the other not. He insisteed that this was the case bumy the way they were booked. Both rooms had been booked together on a hotel website and then rearranged directly with the hotel to get the 2 bed per room arrangement.  No flexibility! No desire to help!  An unfortunate first introduction to British in London!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or435-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good place in Mayfair,"I was in business trip and hotel its very close at the company. Its very clean, have a good breakfast. I will be there in the next business trip to London. I really believe that its a good hotel to enjoy.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or435-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect weekend break,"I booked this hotel through Secret Escapes for a BH weekend break & it worked perfectly.  The location was perfect as we like to walk & the aim of the weekend was to visit Buckingham Palace & to go to the theatre. We arrived just after 10am & were able to check in immediately, which was a real bonus as we could settle in before going to TKTS in Leicester Square to sort out theatre tickets. Our deal included the breakfast buffet which was quite a spread & you could order oatmeal. omelettes & french toast from the waiter as part of the breakfast.  Everyone we met was friendly. The room was well equipped & had a nice modern bathroom & a huge bed. While it was a quiet location the only annoying noise was from the pipes serving the heated towel rails which gave out a constant…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or435-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Posh digs,"The room was large and the bed was comfy, so it was a good deal right there.  The area is fantastic, and I had some great walks around.  There are cheaper options elsewhere, but Mayfair is such an interesting neighborhood that a brief stay here can be fun.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or435-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"It's my 3d time here! Excellent location, good price for this part of Mayfair . The hotel is rather old, it smells inside like old .. But still location and price makes it a good choice . Normal rooms are very very small, take superior room) the stuff is really very polite.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or440-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Big beds,"Stayed here for a weekend break for my wife's bday. Rooms are large and really clean, the beds are big and comfy. The staff are very attentive and pleasant. The bar is reasonably priced for the area and the Sangria is worth trying. The breakfasts are served till 11:30am on a weekend which allows you to have a little lie in. All in all a great experience. Room service is 24hrs too 👍🏼",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or440-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Experience,"We stayed in the Washington as a surprise for my 30th birthday, luckily the show we went to see was brilliant as the hotel was a let down. We arrived early so left our bags with the porters, they were lovely and very helpful. We then went back later on to get our key and the problems started. Firstly we went to try get in the door where our room should be (there were no numbers on outside of this area), the key card wouldn't work. We went back down to Reception they checked the card, made sure it was working and told us where the room was (same place we had already tried) so we went back up to the door, we tried again and the card wouldn't work. We went back down again and asked a staff member to try for us, someone came up with us, tried the card in where he thought the room…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or440-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, restaurants","This is a perfect place to see the city. Close to Green Park tub, we had a very nice room, great service, coffee shops and small grocery store virtually across the street! We enjoyed late night sandwiches and drinks at their bar and our waiter, ,Cosimo was the best recommending some great dishes and conversation! Our room was quiet and very nice. If we needed anything, we got it! We dealt with the Concierge with tickets for tours, confirming tours and tickets for a play. Everyone was most helpful and friendly.   So many great places to eat at Shepard's Market across the street!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or440-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect place to stay if you want to be near the palace, Hyde Park, and Shepards Market","Great hotel that is literally across the street from Shepard Market and a short walk to Hyde Park & the palace. The rooms are spacious, beds are comfy, and the hotel has a nice bar (the bartender is a very friendly fellow) & breakfast buffet. I have stayed here several times on business and always enjoyed my time there. They also have a small fitness room which is perfect for getting some morning or evening exercise.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or440-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel experience!,"We stayed several days for a walking tour of London.  The Washington Mayfair is in a terrific neighborhood for Tube access, Green Park and Hyde Park, Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace, and great restaurants.  Our room was clean and comfortable, and the management was so helpful when one of us had an unexpected issue with a knee.  Cosimo in the bar is not only a credit to the hotel, but a friendly conversationalist!  I'll be a return patron next time I travel to London.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or445-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing afternoon tea ,Hotel very dated and doesn't look like images on website. Bread was stale and scones were not warm. Cakes choices very uninteresting. Very average. Luckily I had a voucher for this as if I had paid £40 each I would have definitely complained!! ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or445-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,"Great location for visiting London west end on foot . Buckingham palace , Piccadilly Circus ,green park , Hyde park, park lane Trafalgar Square and the strand all very easy to walk to from the hotel. Very nice  Breakfast . Room climate control a little noisy but I would definitely go back when in the area.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or445-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely hotel,I stayed here overnight when I went to get my visa and it's a really nice place to stay. Our room was so spacious and comfortable. The hotel is also in close proximity to the US embassy - ideal as I had an early appointment there for my visa. The staff at the reception were really nice. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or445-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excelent experience,The hotel is in the beautiful neighborhood of Mayfair which has a lot of art galleries and the location is close to The Hyde Park and The Green Park and to Picadilly Circus. The rooms are confortable with nice views. The personal is very friendly and distinguishing during breakfast the kindness of Mrs. Khadija borned in Morocco. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or445-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great location hotel,"nice hotel in a fab location (we didn't use the bar or eat here though) we had a quirky shaped room, but nice & clean. the curtains didnt shut properly though? tea/coffee not refilled on 2nd day friendly staff.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or450-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Hotel, Great Location","This is a nice, clean but older hotel in a great location...five minute walk from Green Park 'underground' station...10 minute walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace...staff was very friendly and accommodating...room is small but typical for England...however the bed was comfy and it worked fine for two people...restaurants and pubs close by, coffee shop across the street...it was not inexpensive but location made it all worthwhile...I'd recommend staying here.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or450-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very dissapointed!,"My husband used to stay here for business trip. We came back after 2 years, prices had gone up but services went down! Rooms are not clean, pillows were smelly and carpets were dirty. We requested for upgrade to new rooms on the 7th floor with additional charges. Rooms here are better but housekeeping services were bad with unchange of used towels, cutlery, napkin etc. This is our worst experience.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or450-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",BREXIT - London Hotels in trouble,"Right in the center of everything British. Green park Metro just 3 minutes walk surrounded by classic Historical Buildings with a Green Park 5 mins away. An atmosphere of harmony and love. A beautiful hotel in a safe and courteous zone. A classic hotel that should be full in summer but seemed to be half empty. Prices drastically cut down and upgrades to encourage new guest seemed to apply. The restaurant was mixed Asian and British menu. Just right for people from all Traditions. Rooms are perfect and very clean though some upgrade is needed for the TV system. (In my room) Receptionist are full of joy and express a good welcome toast with their smiles.Looking for a safe and quiet hotel in the center of London and near the Buckingham  Palace, this would be the right choice.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or450-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderfuk,"We started off our Honeymoon here and it was exceptional. The location is central to everything. We have a 9mth old son, everything was catered for, for him. The staff were all exceptional and nothing was ever too much trouble. We ended up having room service twice (exhausted baby and exhausted parents!), both times it was delicious and very quick to be delivered. Overall, definitely a little gem of Mayfair.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or450-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Try the Mayfair Mojito,"Cool trendy place, with a decent bar, which is buzzing at night time  Friendly and Attentive staff, who attend to your every need.  It is good for pre drinks or more, and has some good food to eat and sample,",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or455-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",5 NIGHT STAY,"We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights while our apartment was being decorated. An odd sort of hotel really, the rooms are ok quite comfortable and very clean with good quality bathrooms. Generally a rather dull and uninspiring atmosphere, food just ok. The public areas certainly need an update, but the subject of most concern was what appeared to be an almost total lack of any discernible security! The Concierge desk was constantly unmanned, there was no one on the front door and it seemed that anyone could just come and go completely unchallenged. Not very encouraging in the current climate.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or455-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Questionable cleanliness,"Given the location of the hotel, I was slightly disappointed upon arrival as the hotel seemed rather dated, and the lobby lifts to the rooms seemed more like a service lift than an actual hotel lift. Having to push through several doors to get through to my rooms once I exited the lift did not make my experience any better - especially when it took me more than 5 minutes to locate my room. Despite being assigned on the 2nd floor, my room was in actual fact, on the basement level of the 2nd floor.   The room itself gave me an impression that it was not thoroughly cleaned, and the table tops were dusty. The window of the room also did not offer much sunlight, so for majority of the time I felt like I was situated in the basement level although I was actually elevated on the 2nd…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or455-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Run down premises in desperate need of refurbishment. Internet pictures are not right.,"Very up set that I picked this hotel to stay in for 2 weeks!! The condition of the premises is very poor, every single piece of furniture in my room is damaged. The bath room as been repaired so many times it has layers and layer of silicon between tiles holding them together. Even the door the door man is dishevelled. And has no interest in who walks in and out. This hotel is completely represented by the internet!!!!",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or455-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,We stayed for Pru cycle ride weekend. We were surprised we found a hotel in this location for the price we got it. Especially with it being such a busy event for London.  We booked the carpark which was literally a two min walk from the door. Perfect (also the finish line)  Can't fault the staff and Breakfast was lovely. All the staff were lovely.  My only issue was the hair dryer. It was broken. We rang reception and were told another was on the way. Half an hour later we called again. We waited but no sign. I gave up. There was no helping my hair after drying it's self haha. Receptionist was surprised the maid hadn't been up yet. No bother really. Nothing a bobble could t sort out. We were informed breakfast was 6:30 from various literature but that wasn't the case. Would defo…,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or455-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good price/quality for London,"Surprisingly large room for London (at least our room was). Room was a bit in need of re-furbishment, but had an ample welcome-fruit-basket, large TV with Sky included. We only briefly visited the bar. Service there was good.  Location is excellent for Mayfair and Oxford circus/ Piccadilly are well within walking-distance",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or460-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location , staff and hotel, all good ","Just got back from staying at the washington, location was perfect as,was the staff and food, the hotel itself is of a high quality, the only down side was the baths could do with shower mats, as my partner slipped and fell and cut her eyelid open, fortunately it wasn't a bad cut but she was shaken, other that that it was a good stay the breakfast was excellent,  would definitely return",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or460-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a lovely area,This was a really nice hotel. It was clean and well presented and friendly staff. The lobby was lovely. The hotel is situated just behind the west end and is within walking distance of all the theatres which is perfect. The is a nearby park and surrounded by lovely glamorous stores. We booked this hotel from secret escapes as it had a reduced price but still expensive. We were a bit disappointed with the room. Although it was clean and tidy it looked a bit tired. It looked as if it needed to be updated. For the price we paid (not forgetting it should have been MUCH more) we were surprised the rooms didn't go the extra mile. We felt it relied on it's location a lot to bring in customers as it is very central and useful for the theatres and shops.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or460-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Modern and cozy hotel close to everything,"We recently had the pleasure of staying at the Washington Mayfair hotel in the heart of Londons Mayfair area. We booked 2 adjoining rooms so the kids (both under 10), my wife and I had plenty of space but could stay together and both rooms had excellent modern facilities with unbelievably comfortable beds that were much appreciated after our long flight from Australia. The Hotel itself is just a stones throw from Buckingham Palace, and we really enjoyed the 10 minute stroll across the attractive Green Park to watch the changing of the guards on this particular Saturday morning. My wife also loved the location as she found herself only minutes from Oxford street. This combined with its proximity to Hyde Park, Carnaby St, Piccadilly and Trafalgar Square means that you can…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or460-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location","The Washington is just a short walk from Piccadilly so the buses stop opposite Green Park Tube Station.  Use your bus pass if you are old enough and see London for free!  But if you need a cab, they are regularly passing the door, useful if it rains!  The Hotel is extremely well appointed with luxurious beds, beautiful bathrooms and a jolly good restaurant.  Breakfast was extra but worth while, with fresh produce being brought out continually by smiling staff.  We had an early pre-theatre supper at 5.30 one day and it was really nice even though we were the only ones eating at that time! We would certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or460-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel stay in 10 years,"Hotel lobby was ok, and room decor was ok, although a little tired.   Restaurant and Bar area  - no atmosphere in evening - despite the courtyards nearby being buzzing - probably because it is hot, stuffy, and appeared to be no Aircon.  My main issue though, was the noise - and I can usually sleep through almost anything! I was on the front, and the old windows had n sound proofing. I could even here the phone calls of people on the street below when the windows were shut, and the door the hall way also had no sound proofing.  All in all, very little sleep, and very little interest when I viciferously commented and fed back to reception management - I may as well have not bothered - I suspect it is common feedback - they certainly seemed uninterested, and not surprised - and a…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or465-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality hotel,"Good quality hotel in central London. Large rooms with all the expected facilities and friendly and professional staff. Bar area feels a bit tacked on to the restaurant, but a good range of drinks and again excellent staf",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or465-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, centrally located hotel","We stayed here for 9 nights in July 2016 as part of a 7 day tour. We opted to stay here prior to the start of the tour instead of moving hotels.  London was experiencing record breaking heat.  The rooms are clean, staff is very helpful. The full English breakfast is definitely English. The air conditioning broke one night, but the staff had it fixed within 24 hrs. The hotel is centrally located in the Mayfair section, 2 blocks from the Green Park tube station and Picadilly Street.  My issue is laundry. Since we stayed so long, we had to do laundry. Our option was taking dirty laundry on the tube for several stops or pay an exorbitant amount for the hotel laundry service, $9 per shirt. We end up washing in the bath tub.   There are lots of dining options, Tesco Express and Mark…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or465-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We stayed here when we went to see Stevie Wonder in Hyde Park. The hotel is in a great location for Hyde Park. We drop are bag early. our room wasn't ready so the concierge looked after it for us. The reception staff were very friendly.  When we got into our room it was very large but a little shabby around the edges patches on the ceiling, phone next to the bed not working. It all look a bit tired. The bathroom was very much the same, however I have to say the shower was AMAZING. I could have stayed in there for ages. check out was 12.00 noon we checked by ringing reception . At 11.00am whilst we were getting ready to leave (still undressed) the  chamber maid walked in (i was not impressed) she did not knock but just walked straight in. Then the minibar man came (he did ring…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or465-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location ,"This was a well organised no nonsense hotel. The location was perfect for central London and right opposite Shepherd Market which has lots of places to eat and drink with a lively and friendly atmosphere.  The breakfast was fresh and lovely and the hospitality service was welcoming and efficient. The room was spacious, well equipped with everything you need and effective air con. A good choice. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or465-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and very comfortable rooms.,"We stayed on a Saturday night in early July, and had a very comfortable stay in a superior room.  The check in process was smooth and the staff very pleasant.   Our first impression was good but the lobby, bar and restaurant are looking slight dated but our actual room was first rate, well presented and very clean.  We found the air con was too cold but this is easy to turn off and for a central London location our room was very peaceful.  The ensuite was excellent and we believe recently refurbished. The breakfast was included in our room rate but we found the buffet style just ok, and why do so many hotels struggle to get a simple thing like toast right?  Our first rack of toast was slightly slow in being served, and somehow they had managed to both burn and under cook it !!! …",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or470-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend in London,It was a while since we'd stayed in the Hotel but it had lost nothing of its polish.  Room first rate; breakfast first rate and position spot on!  Closeness to Shepherd Market means a good variety of places to eat and drink if you don’t want to stay in the hotel.  Good base for central London – you can walk to Buckingham Palace; Hyde Park; Bond Street etc.  Staff all very helpful - will stay again.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or470-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overall brilliant,Lovely hotel with friendly staff. Location was great for shopping and attractions like Buckingham palace. About 15 minute walk to Oxford st or tube station green park is a street away. Food was lovely and they will make you whatever you want for breakfast. Would go back. We got a discount offer though as think quite expensive normally,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or470-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A nice smart hotel in central London,"There is nothing extra special about this hotel but it did everything it needed to do and the stay was a comfortable one, clean and smart one.  The reception is quite smart but my only complaint is that checking in and checking out was slow, it was hard to see what took all the time. The room however was very nice, reception is nice, the breakfast room is nice.  The bathroom was ok. Showering in a bath with a curtain though is never as good as having a stand alone shower. Also, the air conditionning is right next to the bed, almost at bed level, so the cold air blows directly onto you, things can get a little cold.  Otherwise all fine. Not top notch but fine. I possibly wouldn't stay again because I'd say there are better in London for a similar price and nothing endeared me to…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or470-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nearly there,"I stayed at the Washington on business for just one night with two other colleagues.  My room was spacious (rare in London), clean, well furnished and a true representation of the hotel published photos.  The amenities and very good the power shower was excellence.  I had a kingsize bed and the bedding etc was lovely but my only complaint would be that it was two singles together which you could tell and due to the hard centre piece could only realistically sleep on either side.  The staff are helpful and polite but the concierge could do with being a little smarter, perhaps a tie would best?  The free Wifi is excellent.  The ultimate question is ""would I stay here again?"" And the answer would be yes.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or470-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Smart reasonably priced hotel near to vibrant shepherd market,"We booked here when prices at the nearby Hilton suddenly shot up when we wanted to make a booking . The hotel is modern and well furnished and our room was of course smallish (  London !)   But not cramped . Bathroom excellent and bed very comfortable. Hotel is well staffed with a friendly helpful group . We had breakfast included and this buffet was ok. Getting a good cup of tea was quite hard - makes sure you ask for a pot. The clientele was very international and  cosmopolitan . Restaurant seemed v quiet although we didn't eat there , but we used the bar and this had no atmosphere at all  ! Try one of the excellent nearby Taylor walker pubs in shepherd market area instead",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or475-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've been to,"A hotel of this stature should give service, worthy of what is payed each night. My family and I did not receive this and were extremely disappointed. Not only were we screwed over by several additional expenses which we weren't told of when reserving the hotel room. We also had a broken bed to deal with and other problems. Never go to this hotel",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or475-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel,"Nicely positioned for the West End of London, near Bond Street and Oxford street. The breakfasts are good, although coffee not very good at all. Plenty of food variety and good service. The rooms are not bad although I would say our bathroom was very tired it really needed a refurbishment. The bath and units were old and needed replacing. The bar area is good for a relax although be careful with the drinks they are very expensive for what you actually get. We would stay here again, we didn't eat in the restaurant in the evening but the menu looked interesting.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or475-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great locale,"This hotel is well situated in the busy area of Berkley Square. This, being the upscale part of London, you expect great service, especially for the price you pay. The rooms were well appointed, the front desk staff, outstanding. The bellman never bothered with a single greeting however. That surprised me. Business must be good. It is near the parks, Buckingham Palace, and more. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or475-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and underwhelmed,"If you have a hotel in such a fantastic location you can be expensive but the service has to complement it as well.  Stayed on business for the first time and probably the last. The room was lovely, food was just okay, customer service was poor, appearance of staff was poor, a sense of apathy was felt with the exception of the bartender for Tuesday evening who was very smart, polite and delivered a good customer experience. Service in the restaurant for breakfast on Wednesday morning was very poor, how many times can you hear sorry for continuous mistakes. Overall expected a lot more for the price and location but got so much less.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or475-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break hotel.,"Good Hotel for a weekend break. Very good location, good breakfast and very friendly staff, will go again. Location is accessible for the west end and all the tourist spots of London. Check out in the morning and take in the best of London Town",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or480-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",custumer service,"average hotel not quite fitting in the standard you would expect given  its location ,customer service from booking in at reception to breakfast very poor , reception basically booked you in gave you a key ,no offer of help or directions to your room areas. just left you to wander around aimlessly yourself until you found  lifts/stairs but  on the plus side English  breakfast was hot and good quality self service . Just pity that the staff in this area were not attentive enough or professional in their service when providing the other basics like a pot of tea ,   but saying this the general apathy of the staff was fairly widespread",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or480-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat ,What a lovely welcome and such nice staff. We got a birthday cake and chocolates. They held our luggage for the day and the service (with a smile) was second to none. Had a balcony room with bath and shower. Rooms were clean and can't fault. They brought a hairdryer up on request.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or480-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","great staff, ambience and quality","Staff very friendly, service very good and the rooms and communal areas were excellent. Breakfast was excellent also!  Nothing was too much trouble as we checked-in early and went out to sight see.  The bar and restaurant areas are well appointed.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or480-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre hotel in great location,This hotel was a big disappointment. The room was cramped with little room to store clothes. The decor in the room and elsewhere was charmless. The service was lousy. The only advantage is that the location is very good and an easy walk to Green Park tube and good Mayfair restaurants. Bottom line is that it is overpriced for what it offers and my husband and I would never stay here again. ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or480-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, lovely staff.","Had a very pleasant stay in a large comfortable and very quiet room whose only downside from our point of view was that the windows did not open - a sore point fro fresh air fiends like us. Breakfast , buffet style was well cooked and constantly replenished. For my family the star of the hotel was the bar whose charming Italian manager made us delicious cocktails and entertained us brilliantly.  It is true that some of the hotel could be updated but the airy lounge/ foyer is one of the best for meeting people. This is a brilliant location near Shepherds Market with its many restaurants.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or485-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",EXCELLENT CENTRAL HOTEL,"Last minute booking so we could see Trooping of the Colour etc.stayed two nights. Room was a good size for London with air conditioning and opening windows, very clean and comfortable although perhaps lacked any character, no pictures or colour change, lighting was poor. But everything you needed and bathroom was excellent. All staff excellent and extremely helpful. Breakfast buffet style but plenty of choice, well stocked and hot, if you do not want tea from a jug ask for a pot. We ate there one evening service was excellent, menu selection good food hot, tasty and well presented and considering it was Mayfair a sensible price. This Hotel is within walking distance of many attractions, Buck. Palace, Green Park, St James and Park, main shopping streets and plenty more. I would…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or485-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant first visit,We booked this Hotel through Secret Escapes as we were going to see a show. Our room was a superior room and very quiet and pleasant. The bathroom appeared to be refurbished and was very nice. Breakfast was good although apart from the tea and coffee it was self service and we had to be quick as during our stay there was a very large family party occupying several tables and children were scooping up enormous amounts of food even stuffing it into their pockets!! Annoying to see their plates piled high and then much of it left when they went!! Staff friendly and smiling.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or485-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, value for money","We booked this hotel for the night before the patrons lunch. It was a good location and good price. Staff were friendly and welcoming. The room 506, was up to my expectation. Comfortable bed, clean all round, good choice of TV channels , air con, easy to access free wi fi, good toiletries, hair drier, in room safe provided and reasonably quiet . If I have to constructively criticise, an in room hotel information pack would have been helpful, although you can of course Google or ask.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or485-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nigh Away after a Zoo Visit,"We stayed one night at the Washington Mayfair following the Sunset Safari as ZSL. The hotel is clean, the rooms comfortable, the staff efficient and friendly and the breakfast excellent. The hotel let themselves down by not being able to offer anything but small food options after 10.00pm",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or485-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Little gem in Mayfair,"This was my 2nd time staying at this hotel and it won't be the last one! Fantastic location, great rooms and attentive staff make this hotel great! The rooms we stayed at were located at the back, so it was nice and quiet at night. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who fancy spot of shopping at Harvey Nichols or Harrods or even Oxford Street, as all these are about 10 mins walk. There are plenty of pubs and bars to get a drink or two and if you like Spanish tapas, El Pirata is just 3 mins away",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or490-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and pleasant London hotel,"Maybe this hotel is in the process of being refurbished - I had a great, large room in good shape on a quiet, nicely carpeted floor - pleasant art and extras, good bedlinen and towels, good pillows. I arrived at 2am so the staff were a little sleepy, but  otherwise courteous and helpful during the following daylight hours. My room service breakfast was less than wonderful and the bread was stale - but that seems to often be the way with hotel breakfasts on a tray.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or490-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",In desperate need of refurbishmant,"2 star hotel with youth hostel beds - i don't know where to start and i think the picture of my mattress and bed speaks more than 200 words. The room was akwardky shaped with outdated, fatigued furniture. The carpet was dirty and so were the walls. I don't know how any one can be positive about this hotel - not to European standards for sure. Never again!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or490-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A quiet Sunday evening,"Our Australian friends visiting London had a voucher for the restaurant which resulted in a reasonably priced meal, otherwise usual London prices.  A glass of Prosecco = £9.  we were the only diners, no doubt few residents on a Sunday Bank Holiday.  Pity as its a very pleasant restaurant with amiable staff.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or490-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great central location but poor service,"Booked for one night during a weekend away in London. It was cheaper than premier Inn so I was a bit suspicious at first. Hotel turned out not bad, but maybe a bit dated. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was clean.  The door was a bit loose so it was a making a noise throughout the night rattling with the draft. Overall my stay was pleasant enough and location was very good. However, I had to downgrade my review as I was charged for a drink from the mini bar even though I didn't have anything. I raised that with the management after I noticed the charge on my card. Person I spoke to said they would investigate and get back to me. Nobody got back in touch, so I ignored the charge as it was small and I didn't think I would get anywhere by calling again after they already ignored me…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or490-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Business stay,"I booked a stay here because it was close to The Lansdowne Club for an event I was attending. Very pleasant, room fine - could possibly do a little bit of updating - but bed comfortable. Good location for shopping, within walking distance to Bond St, Piccadilly and also Oxford St",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or495-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location,2 minutes to Green Park station ( Piccadilly line) which makes it very handy when coming directly by metro from Heathrow. Very close to Royal Academy and major squares.  Reception and breakfast are very good but hotel rooms need a bit of work. They smell old carpet and there is a general feeling of dampness. Overall good and convenient  for short business trips.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or495-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a great location,"You cant get better than Mayfair and this hotel is a reasonably priced option there. The rooms are recently re done and very comfortable, spacious and modern. Free Wifi. Service was excellent and the breakfast buffet was plentiful.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or495-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Stayed here on a Saturday night and found the service ok, the room clean with a comfy bed, nice fluffy towels, good complimentary toiletries and a decent shower. On the downside we were missing a hairdryer (but soon delivered), unless you have Sky the TVs complicated to use, the room was tiny (for a superior double) and we had only two milk jiggers for the tea and coffee. 50/50 on whether we would stay again but it's a good location, quiet and the expensive car parks are only a short walk away. Note that a tesco minimart and cafe Nero are opposite so save yourselves money on booking breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or495-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay & excellent location,"Excellent hotel for a short weekend break. Facilities excellent & staff very attentive & helpful, consistent across all areas of the hotel. Really good location good walking distance to many places or easy to get a taxi & get around. Room was good standard very clean & everything you could want. Excellent value for money for a central London hotel to a good standard.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or495-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, limited facilities","I stayed here when visiting London for a friends birthday in Berkeley Square. It is so easy to get to from Euston 3 stops on the Jubilee line and a 3 minute walk from Green Park tube station. The hotel foyer is simple but clean, the staff are polite. Unfortunately they were having a problem with room keys and had to let us in our room, this wasn't solved until approx. 2000 in the evening. The corridors are somewhat dark and tired and I was worried on the way to our room The room was small but a good standard, clean and modern with a lovely high bay window making it very bright. We were on the 3rd floor, there are tea and coffee facilities the bed is comfy. we asked the concierge the quickest way to Regent Street and he needed to get a map out which surprised me, I found it…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or500-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel in excellent neighborhood,"We stayed here for 10 days and had a wonderful experience.The staff were helpful, room service was quick and everyone was very accommodating as we came and went during our stay. The neighborhood is definitely high end and was only a couple of blocks from the Green Park tube station. It was also a couple of blocks from the park at St James which eventually brings you down to Buckingham Palace. We were close to many good restaurants and also to the Saudi and US Embassies. We walked to New Bond St where we saw the statue of Roosevelt and Churchill sitting on a bench. What a pleasant surprise.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or500-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Bland.,Meh! Okay rooms...everything from location to service was average! Better hotels all over central london for the price. Airconditioning was poor...overall experience very mediocre. Staff looked bored and sleepy. Wasnt walking distance to anything other than hyde park.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or500-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London break,Visited London for 3 nights seeing show. Would definitely stay at this hotel again. Situated 2 minutes from Green Park underground and very central for all areas. Staff were very helpful & friendly. Room was large and very comfortable. Breakfast was very good and again dining staff were friendly  And eager to assist. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or500-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair London,"This was my first trip to London and it was the perfect hotel to spend my week there. Staff was exceptionally nice. My stay included breakfast which included a good variety of breakfast items (had to get used to what is called Bacon :) ).  My room was very comfortable. Everything was really super clean. The lift however was really small....but it did announce the floor :)  Mayfair is a very upscale area. Every siteseeing place in London is within walking distance from the hotel....Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, The London Eye, The Ritz, Designer shops, awesome restaurants to name a few. The Tube (subway) was so easy to navigate. I took it from Mayfair to Harrods and then took bus to M&S.  To my surprise it never rained the entire time I was there and the temperature was in…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or500-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Short visit to London in good central hotel.,"My friend and I were in London to attend a garden party at Buckingham Palace. The hotel is ideally situated for St James Park and a 7 min walk to palace.  We found all of the staff courteous and helpful . The rooms were comfortable and very clean and well serviced. The beds were good and we slept well.   I would however like to comment on the fact that although there was a kettle and a hairdryer these were on the dressing table but the plugs were at the other side of the room, with no mirror near them ,and the kettle had to be brought back and forth.  I realise that this is the same in quite a few hotel,but needs to be addressed.  We had a very good breakfast on both mornings!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or505-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, fantastic staff!! ","Me and 3 friends stayed here last weekend for my 40 th birthday celebrations. Brilliant location for Piccadilly, regents street and Oxford street and only a short taxi ride to Novello theatre and Covent Garden! Very helpful staff, I left our train tickets in our room after we checked out and the staff went out of their way to check through the rubbish to find them, we're very thankful, thank you x",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or505-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",If it is good enough for Stars its good enough for me,"A priceless location in Mayfair, that could serve as a central base for a wonderful day in London. In the south, you have the Hyde Park. 100m East, you have the Ritz. A few shops away is the legendary gentlemen shop Geo Trumper. A walk to the north will open up superb vistas to Piccadilly, Leicester square, and the whole theatre land. So you get the idea of the location.... Rooms wise try to get a better room (newer ones): perhaps a room at the back is better than the one in the front. Food is a plenty and a nice Tesco right in the front....really a great place to stay in the world's best city.....",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or505-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful location, great staff","Recently had 3 nights at the Washington and enjoyed the stay. Just around the corner from Green Park tube plus lots of restaurants, cafes and pubs across the road in Shepherds Market makes it a great location. We had a high floor room that was recently renovated which had plenty of natural light and was quiet and comfortable. The staff are very attentive and take care of requests instantly. Special thanks to General Manger Annette who helped us out and could not have been more helpful. My only suggestion is that the lobby and bar/ restaurant could do with a refresh but apart from that an enjoyable experience",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or505-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away in london,"Right based on its own rating  Initial impression all ok on booking in, went to room clean and tidy as per description. All going well went out got ignored by doorman this occurred every time we passed except our last day when he was engaged in an ugly scene with a. Taxi driver in front of guests, not good as this is first person greeted!!! Both times in the restaurant for breakfast we were greeted with unsmiling functional staff who like the rest of staff only had basic English, the food itself was again ok We don't expect wonders but this sadly did not deliver in many ways, the reception staff were good the doorman was not worthy of being employed and more training is required for the breakfast waiting staff. We were looking for a London hotel to use in the future this one is…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or505-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money at the centre of it all ,"Right in the heart of Mayfair at curzon Street.  Used it a few times on weekends during my assignment months in the UK to  soak in the sights, feel of Central London. Rooms can be small, actually smaller than other Mayfair hotels i have stayed at, nice and friendly staff make up for it. Did not feel like a great family hotel, and it's right on the street.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or510-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Made to feel special,"A hotel with a sumptuous decor, personable staff and excellent food.  Located in Mayfair just 8 minute stroll through Green Park to Buckingham Palace and close to Oxford Street.  Lots of cafe and restaurants nearby.  Fabulous, relaxing weekend had and the staff without exception made us feel very special.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or510-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value and Very Good Location,"5 mins walk from Green Park Tube Station, 10 mins walk to Piccadilly Circus, so very well located. Rooms were very impressive, modern and spotlessly clean. Free WIFI. Breakfast has a very good choice. Will certainly stay here again",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or510-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"My favourite hotel in london. The only problem is that the rooms are very small in some cases. Obviously since we have stayed here before they gave us good rooms. Superb location, great staff and always ready to help. Love this place. Dont even think twice to go here 😊😊",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or510-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT PRICE & LOCATIONS,"Absolutely loved this hotel for his value & location. The rooms were beautiful and was so close to the first hop on hop off bus stop which made it very easy for me! Was super excited about this visit and the rooms were spacious, nice bathrooms & staff were helpful",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or510-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but room in need of some TLC,The lounge area of the hotel is very nice and inviting. Bedroom and bathroom a bit of a let down. Our bed had to be separated as we're not given the room booked - once seperated no topper had been put on the bed I slept on so therefore felt the mattress springs! Housekeeping - beds not made properly and glasses used had not been washed/replaced. The shower leaked and water collected in the bath when having a shower so we had to wait for the bath to empty before the next person could use the shower. Overall we enjoyed our stay - the location was ideal and breakfast was very good (included in package) but the room and housekeeping let the hotel down.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or515-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great customer service,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair for 1 night ahead of the London Marathon. Before arriving, I needed to contact the sales team to upgrade a prepaid booking and it was dealt with swiftly and professionally (Fiona).  On arrival, I was offered a complimentary late check out which was a big bonus to allow a shower/bath after the Marathon. So appreciated. Every contact with staff members during our visit was warm and courteous. As to the facilities, we had a DeLuxe room which was spacious and comfortable. Excellent visit. Thank you",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or515-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good size rooms,"Good location close to tube, rooms a good size,comfortable bed and good breakfast Restaurant menu quite poor and doesn't bode well when you overhear a conversation between a waiter and guest Guest ""is the tomato soup home made"" Waiter ""not really"" Guest ""tinned"" Waiter ""yes""  Oh and when you ask for some butter and get a glass of water instead!!!! Overall not a bad hotel",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or515-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Splendid Hotel,"A really lovely hotel, our room was on the fifth floor, spacious and a huge, warm and a comfortable bed.  Everything you'd expect for a four star hotel.  The shower was lovely and powerful. Tea, coffee, hair dryer in the room.  Will definitely stay here again. We did not book breakfast (approx £17- £22 each), we prefer to try local cafés.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or515-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Okay... could be much better,"We stayed here for one night, and it's clear that this hotel is in need of modernisation/refurbishment. It's tatty and is desperate for some TLC. Our room - a Deluxe Double - was pretty decent in terms of decor and finish but the bathroom, though big, also needed some attention re tired decor. I say we had a Deluxe Double - our bed was actually two singles pushed together so we didn't get what we had booked. It was uncomfortable in the middle. We did mention this on checking out and, while sympathetic, the member of staff did not offer any other form of empathy. It felt slightly pointless mentioning it! Also, this staff member did not ask us how our stay had been - I thought this was a given in the hotel trade. However, the staff were generally friendly. Albeit a bit keen to…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or515-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Mayfair hotel,"this was a very pleasant stay, the staff were excellent, very professional and welcoming. the the twin room was clean, fresh, quirky. Breakfast was buffet style and the food was very good quality. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or520-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A well located hotel that could be improved,"I have staid at the Hotel Washington at leas once a year over the past 20 years. The hotel has an excellent location on a quite street near to Sheppards' Market that provides many good and reasonable dining options. It is also close to all shopping locations in the West End. The staff is friendly and helpful. But, myl ast stay was disappointing. The room was stuffy and smelled of cigarette smoke and the air conditioning was noisy. There were two windows in the room that could not be opened. The cleanliness of the room was marginal. The hotel could use some renovation of the rooms and windows. The price is on the high side for the room quality.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or520-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Stayed here for three nights recently . Hotel has some excellent staff especially Cosimo in the bar . Hotel reception is in need of a refurb for a Mayfair address . Rooms are good but we had no curtains in our room only a blackout blind . Shower was excellent really powerful and bath gorgeous . Service was good . Breakfast was ok . Location fantastic for the real hotspots of London and we had a fab time .,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or520-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay ,"Excellent three night stay in this hotel. Very comfortable, clean rooms, friendly staff and exceptional service from Massimo in the bar. Very good breakfast with plenty of choice, cooked items, cereals, fresh fruit salad, fresh pastries, cheeses and hams.  Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, I would definitely recommend this hotel. The location was ideal, with several central London attractions within walking distance. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or520-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",awesome stay,"I recently stayed at the hotel and have to say I really enjoyed my stay, the staff were really friendly and helpful, the rooms were really comfortable and spacious, and though there is AC loved the fact that I could open the windows. Only problem was that I only had the chance to stay for one night but I shall most definitely be back as it is in a great location to visit the sites and sounds of London and if you are on business great central location to be able to get to all corners of London with great ease.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or520-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Hotel In Great Location,"We only stayed one night in this hotel, but would return with out second thoughts. It was in a good location for Buckingham Palace, Covent Garden,infact most places ! The room was clean and of a good size, the bed was not the most comfortable that I have slept on but ok. Breakfast was good, with a wide selection to choose from.We didn't order from the menue but saw plates coming from the kitchen that looked very nice. The staff were all very helpful and pleasant.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or525-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for an overnight stay in London,"Stayed at this hotel for one night - it was good value for money in a really good location. Our room was clean and a good size for us. The buffet breakfast was really good and you had a lot of choice. I would stay again but only for one night, I think it is more suited to business travelers.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or525-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely time at the Washington Mayfair,"Not sure about the negative comments on this hotel. Just returned home after a lovely weekend here. We stayed on the 4th floor, in a more than adequate room.  It was clean & fresh.  When we requested more milk etc, it arrived within minutes. The breakfast covered off everyone's tastes, from continental to a full English.  Beers are expensive in the hotel, which is to be expected in this location, but just pop over the road into Shepherds Market, with the old pubs. The location of the hotel is great for the Tube etc. No negatives to add, & Sandra was lovely to deal with upon checkout.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or525-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,Travelled to London on the weekend of the 8th of April and stayed at the Washington Mayfair for two nights.. Greeted by friendly and helpful staff. The room was very smart and clean as was the whole hotel. The hotel bar is run by a very friendly helpful Italian man named Cosimo who let us know where everything was locally. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in London.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or525-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Reasonable Prices","Booked through a discounter website all of which was painless. Great location on Curzon Street with plenty of restaurants, pubs and coffee stops nearby. Really great staff, consistently great staff. Parts of the hotel still need refurbishing and the bed in our room was tired that said all generally acceptable for the price paid. Bar area is dead at night, there are too many alternatives nearby. Would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or525-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel in a Great Location - but some rooms a re much better than others,"Booked a Superior Room through Secret Escapes and the first room that we were allocated (424) was far from superior, in fact I would call it cramped and scruffy. So I used my gravitas to get us moved to another Superior Room that was much roomier and was similar to the Superior rooms shown on their website – so it did beg the question why we were initially allocated a smaller cramped room when bigger rooms were available? If we had stayed in Room 424 my score would have been 1 rather than 4 - the difference was that great.  However, once we got over this blip our stay was terrific. The hotel is in a great location for exploring London, has some good restaurants and bars close by; our room was great (eventually!) with plenty of space; air conditioning; a good bathroom with  and a…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or530-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",New Years Eve trip,We booked the Hotel for New Years Eve for ease and locaiton to see the London fireworks.   The hotel itself is in a great location and the decor etc is very nice. The room we had was excellent and maintained well and the bed was super comfortable.   The only let down was the front desk staff who had not a clue what was going on. We advanced reserved the restaurant for a meal and when we arrived they knew nothing of this. They then decided they might .. then decided they did. and they said they would send a bottle of wine to the room as it was New Year eve. 2 glasses turned up of the most Vile tasting white wine. I think it was better used cleaning the toilet.. !!   Over all great location and hotel but Staff customer care was very very poor.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or530-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Recently stayed at this hotel for about 9-10 days. Best part of this hotel is its location. Whether you want to take the tube or sit at Hyde Park or shop at Oxford Street or even see the Buckingham Palace, everything is within walking distance. The hotel staff are warm and welcoming. The rooms are comfy. They serve you a sumptuous breakfast. The afternoon tea with scones and cakes was great! For those craving for Indian food including 'khichdi' or pishpash this hotel will readily make it for you. Even if you don't want to eat at the hotel there are several places to eat all around which includes the restaurants at the Shepherds Market. Would love to stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or530-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Was lucky for not being charged extra for the bathroom acting as a sauna as well!,"Location is perfect for central London. The hotel in itself is fine. The bedrooms are not large but are comfortable, except the bathroom which was very hot with underfloor heating and a towel rail very hot as was the (very) hot water. Couldn't find a way to turn it down.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or530-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Suits couples or business trip,"We stayed here with my husband and parents for a weekend trip. Good location, close to underground stops.. Music playing on piano in dining room lovely. Wouldn't recommend it for children as the atmosphere is very calm and quiet throughout the hotel. Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or530-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Smart hotel,"Booking We booked on an offer via secret escapes which made this a decent option, I wouldn't say it was worth it at standard prices but all London hotels are expensive.  Took a few minutes at reception for the booking to be found but was done pleasantly and efficiently.  Room King size bed very comfy and reasonable sized room. Power sockets each side of the bed and on the dresser. TV wall mounted but we didn't use enough to judge position. Bathroom pleasantly appointed, shower nice and powerful and a decent height. Shampoo and shower gel replenished daily.  Very clean linen and good size bath sheets. Only one robe though which was odd for a double room. Mini bar-unused and I didn't look at prices or content so can't comment  Wifi free but requires you to register an email…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or535-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Spacious and convenient,This is more a business hotel .  the location is fabulous as it's about 4 minutes away from the Green Park station.  I stayed one week at the Marriott in Grosvenor Square moving to this hotel.  Relatively the service is much better in Marriott but the room is more spacious here.   As for proximity to the shopping areas，Marriott is definitely an advantage. the room is a little dated here and the room service is not very good. The view outside is not pretty.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or535-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay with my wife.,"The Washington is a well maintained smart central London hotel in the ""upmarket"" Mayfair district. All the public areas are bright, immaculate, spotlessly clean and graced with some unusual and appealing objet D'art. The staff are pleasant and appeared efficient in all our interactions and the porters keen to assist with luggage from the moment you approach the entrance. Our room was well decorated and beautifully maintained with all the usual equipment expected in a true 4* establishment. Downside? Not enough tea and coffee provided in the room and the side road and main road get busy early and we were woken up before 7 O'Clock by trucks,cars and motorcycles revving and roaring 6 floors below our balcony room french windows.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or535-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel - awful reception experience,"Stayed for one night as a group of 6. Nice rooms, comfy beds, great location but experience at the reception was terrible. We had 5 rooms booked via hotels.com and had no issues at the point of check in / check out.  6th room booked directly via hotel home page and despite paying at the point of check in, when we were told that we have to pay now for them to be able to give the room key to us, the receptionist and manager said we had to pay again at the check out! They should really train their staff better and learn how to be polite to their costumers. You get better service from the staff at Aldi or Lidl than here...",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or535-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",one night stay,"A mistake was made with the booking but quickly rectified lovely room very clean ,good breakfast a buffet  so something for everyone ,staff helpful and very close to underground although hard to find Curzon street as its at the end of other road",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or535-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay in Mayfair area.,"Stayed one night at the Washington mayfair hotel, rooms comtempary, good size clean and comfortable. Location is the top point scorer for this hotel. Just around the corner from Green park tube on Picadilly road, ideal for shopping and shows in west end. Green park tube station is good link from Euston ( Victoria line ) and also same good link for Leicester square and Covent garden ( Picadilly line). Breakfast in hotel is excellent, staff friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or540-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",So nice!,"The area is amazing and central. It is easy to walk to the station and to Buckingham Palace. It is close to Green Park Station and you can take 3 lines from there. The room was nice and clean.   The only thing is that it is expensive and the breakfast too, so we ate out.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or540-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Don't rely on mystery room booking for a double,Ok I booked my room through Expedia  despite having double beds available reception would not give me a double bed and worse still a manager back of house would not come out to speak to me The worst thing is they are hardly going to sell the spare double rooms at 8.30pm!  My advice is stay clear if you are a singleton looking for a double bed in a double room   Their bedroom stock is clearly filled with twin rooms which they sell as a double room through the likes of Expedia . If you check the small print it does say there will be sufficient beds for the number in the party so technically I have nothing to complain about... But surely we are in an age when we don't have to be conned by weasel words of small print.  Attitude of manager and reception staff was clearly not helpful…,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or540-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"We stayed just the one night as my husband was in London on business. The hotel is lovely. A great location. The room was very comfortable and clean. The staff were all great, very professional but friendly and not the forced kind of friendly. I'd happily stay there again. Very nice breakfast also.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or540-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay,We have just stayed at this hotel for one night and required 2 double rooms. The location of this hotel is perfect as its a very short walk from green park tube station and walking distance to Covent Garden and Leicester Square etc if you are having a site seeing weekend. On arrival the staff were very friendly and efficient with checking us in. We arrived at 11am which is earlier than the 2pm check in time but they had one room ready so we were able to drop our bags. The rooms were very clean and of a good standard with Sky TV and comfortable beds. A few people have said rooms can be below par but ours were spot on (certainly better than hiltons I have stayed in recently). We paid for buffet breakfast and I have to say this was one of the freshest I have had. The choice isn't…,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or540-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly posh,Great location. Nice hotel  Not sure on the price quality relationship but nothing bad to comment. Also nothing to write home about.  Decent Correct Proper A good option to stay in town with familly and I guess it's the typical business man hotel. ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or545-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"Myself and my partner stayed in this hotel for my birthday weekend. We don't get alot of time for just the two of us. We payed almost £200 for one night, the hotel is very well placed and not far from the main places we wanted to visit when we stayed. Unfortunately the room itself was very dissapointing! We had two single beds pushed together, it was so uncomfortable. Our bathroom was filthy! The plug didn't work in the bath and the tiles were loose on the floor. Although on their website it stated they have new bathrooms, we obviously were given one of the rubbish rooms. I am so gutted as we have been looking forward to this stay for months now. In my opinion the hotel is definitely not worth the money, I wish I'd payed a little extra for a better hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or545-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding anniversary,"We booked this hotel though secret escapes  for an anniversary trip to London . First impressions of the hotel was ok ,we checked in with little fuss. We were given room 510 , on entering the room we noticed how noisy it was and we could hear load traffic noise . On expecting the Windows. We noticed you could feel a.draught as the Windows were old and could do with replacing . We went out for the day , when returning to the hotel we decided to get ready to meet some friends for a meal to celebrate our weekend . We then discovered that there was no hot water and called down to reception ,we were told to leave it running for five minutes it should get warm .  2 hours later still cold ! We called down again and was then informed that the boiler was being fixed . As we were running…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or545-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a refresh,"Stayed at the hotel a number of times over the years but was disappointed this weekend the hotel is in need of some money spent on it The lifts the carpet is worn out.My wardrobe doors where missing, the blind to the window was broke.  The mattress was very poor. This hotel needs the rooms updated as I will not stay again until it has been done. Plenty other hotels in the area to use however the staff are very good and a credit to the hotel",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or545-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, great location","I would recommend this hotel. It is clean, staff are very good (especially Corisimo) and the rooms are comfortable.  It is in a great location (just off Green Park).  We had breakfast the following morning which was a buffet and had the full English - very very good.  It is so reasonably priced too especially for this part of London.  Highly recommend and would visit again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or545-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly service but tired rooms,The location of the hotel is very handy for work but despite the friendly service I would not return on the basis of the rooms which need a bit of love. I was upgraded on check-in to their highest level of room which given the size makes we wonder how small the standard rooms are and therefore not convinced it is worth the money. I was also disappointed with the cleanliness given the toilet had not been flushed from the previous occupant....,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or550-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Chilled,"A lovely, very clean hotel. Close to underground - 5 minute walk (if that). Professional, helpful and friendly staff. Not a huge choice of breakfast cereals, but enough to make a choice. Quiet and intimate bar area - when we were there - good selection of drinks. Very good base for sight seeing.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or550-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location. Loved the decor, room and especially the size of the shower and bathroom. Perfectly walking distance to anywhere you would want to go. Service from the hotel staff was top notch. We will defintely go again!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or550-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,The rooms are a bit old but actually the hotel is old but it is very well located. The staff are very helpfull but i think pricewise the hotel is too expensive when you compare it with other hotels around. The breakfast was good but i found it expensive,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or550-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, rooms are ok, however hotel needs updating.","I stayed here in January. The location of hotel is brilliant - however the hotel could do with some updating and general maintenance, especially in the hallways. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfy, but the curtains were slightly stained. The staff are friendly, and very helpful.  Overall the hotel needs some work doing to it, it could be amazing, but seems a little run down at the moment.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or550-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hope to return soon,On a recent business trip to London I selected this hotel for it's location to my meetings. I was not disappointed. Check in was professional & quick. I reserved a Classic room. It was very clean & comfortable. Power shower was exactly that. English buffet breakfast was very good. Food was grilled so not sitting in a tray of grease as I recently experienced elsewhere.  Bar was an ideal location to relax  on arrival with a drink & to catch up on work. Free Wi-Fi was very welcome. Check out again was very quick. I found all the staff that I came into contact with to be helpful & definitely knew how to assist & treat guests. I will certainly again stay at this hotel without hesitation & have already recommended to my clients who have already stayed since my visit. Great location. I…,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or555-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room pity about breakfast,Room very nice and comfortable once the heating was tuned off - was set at 27 degC  when I arrived.  Very noisy AC as well.  Wi-Fi quite slow. The breakfast was dissapointing - nothing really wrong but not the standard you would expect for the price.,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or555-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Really deserves a better rating. Five star experience.,"After reading the reviews I was a little bit afraid but I must say I don't understand the rating. Everything was perfect for me, great location. Nice staff. Had a front room and it was quite and beautiful. Do yourself a favor and book this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or555-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"Stayed here with my mum for 3 nights, great location just across the road from tube station short walk from Oxford street! We were in a newly refurbished room which was lovely. Bar downstairs lovely! Tesco express across road which is always convenient! Reception and porter staff very friendly! Will stay again ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or555-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,I was whisked away for an overnight stay in London for our anniversary and the staff here couldn't have been better. We were given a free upgrade to our room and even a gorgeous complimentary dessert. Staff were very helpful indeed and we would highly recommend the hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or555-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A clean hotel with a luxury feel,"Myself and my boyfriend have just stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and it was lovely. Everything about our stay was perfect, the rooms are lovely and absolutely spotless; the staff are very welcoming and they even helped us carry our shopping bags upstairs! It's more on the expensive side due to the location but worth the money.  The only awkward thing about it is the parking, the hotel doesn't have their own parking spaces, but we soon found a space. Highly recommend! This is the only place I will ever stay from now often when in London!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or560-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Great location and very modern rooms, nice to get a bottle of water each in the room.  Hotel very helpful and great for the theatre. Will def stay here again. Near Green Park underground although just as cheap to get a taxi to Kings Cross.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or560-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",New years eve,"We had booked into the Washington Mayfair some time ago for the New years eve fireworks.  The hotel confirmed near to the date everything was ok with our booking which was nice.  The Hotel is situated 2 minutes from Green Park tube station which was perfect as we had come from Crewe to Euston and just nipped onto the tube a couple of stations.  We had chosen the location as we needed to get south of the river to access Westminster bridge later for the fireworks and Green park was ideal to get to Waterloo.  The hotel is excellent, clean and the you receive a warm welcome by the staff as soon as you arrive.  We were with another couple and we went to the hotel bar for a drink prior to getting ready.  This was unnecessarily very expensive 4 bottles of beer £21.50.  However we were…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or560-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and price,"Booked in for New Year's Eve. Lovely room, comfortable bed. Great location within easy walking distance to many attractions around the city. Close to Green Park Station. (2 Min walk) had a problem with the hot water but didn't report it. Would have liked more tea and sugar in the room, but in recent stays I am noticing many hotels have scrimped on these items.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or560-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location in Mayfair!,"The location of this hotel is perfect! It's near the metro station Green Park, only 2 minutes of walk. There are great restaurants in the neighbourhood, like Burgers and Lobsters (only half a minute away from the hotel), I Robert (across the street) and Hakkasan (Berkeley Square). It's also near (Old) Bond Street and Oxford Street. Across the street, there's also a small supermarket. So, the location is really superb!  The rooms weren't very large, but then again most rooms in London are pretty small. Most important, the rooms were very clean. A pity that a few room neighbours put their used plates on the floor of the hallways. The beds weren't very comfy. The matrass was pretty hard and so we didn't sleep very well.  We booked the rooms with breakfast included (full English…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or560-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for this area of London,"I spent two nights at the Washington just before Christmas. Mayfair is an expensive are a to stay and the price I paid for the hotel [which is a 4* and bearing in mind the time of year]  was good value. The room was big for a London hotel and the bed was very comfortable. The room and bathroom were furnished well although the wardrobe was missing two doors for some reason. Dressing gowns were advertised to be in the room but there was none in mine. This did not bother me because I never use one anyway. When I checked out,[ I raised both issues the Receptionist, Lara] who was surprised the wardrobe doors were  missing and said bath robes had to be requested. The breakfast was of the buffet type and was fine. One of the waitresses [Khadija] served at our table and always had a…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or565-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel by far,"This hotel was the worst I have ever stayed in, the rooms are small, dark and need updating. The bed was broken from the Middle so went down from one side. And had a thing in the middle that was hard. The bathroom smelt of sewage. The tv is the hardest to use with no instructions. The worst was the noise the water pump was making all night. I can't tell you how bad this hotel was. Terrible stay and lack of sleep. Only positive was the location. But for a few extra pounds go to Mayfair hotel, 100 hundred times better. ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or565-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One of the best hotels we have stayed at,"This hotel was clean and staff were very very good nothing was too much trouble , a special mention for the man on the front desk ( Indian ) I think apologise if he is not , this man could not have done more he went well beyond what we expected!!  A well done to all  We will be staying again ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or565-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Staff tried hard to please,44 Australian friends stayed here for the Rugby World Cup and it must have been daunting for the staff. They were up for the task and went out of their way to help including doing a special dinner for all of us,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or565-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,Very disappointed with this hotel. We stayed for two nights early December in room 105 to find we had no hot water on both days and having to shower in cold water. When this was reported on the first morning the staff were apologetic and assured me it would be fixed. That's fine as these things do happen. The same happened the next morning and again on checking out I spoke with reception. I was offered an upgrade should I wish to return but declined this offer. The service at breakfast was also poor having to wait for the food to be replenished. Our room was at the front of the hotel and was extremely noisy during the night. I would avoid this room if at all possible.,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or565-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor value for money,"I had to swallow hard when booking a room here for B&B for about £270 for 1 night, but  had high expectations having stayed here a year ago, and being well pleased with things. However the hotel has taken a couple of steps backward, and seemed to have insufficient staff, unfriendly breakfast room staff, and the poorest breakfast offering I have ever seen from a hotel of this supposed quality.We will go elsewhere in future. To deal with specifics, the good points are location, quality bedrooms, and good bar. The negatives are:  our room was not ready when we arrived at 3pm for check-in, we had to queue for many minutes at both check-in and check-out due to there being a lot of customers, and only one reception staff member on duty, and the really bad service offering at…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or570-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Everything in this hotel works from the wi fi to the shower to the kettle. Decent breakfast, polite staff especially at the concierge and awesome location. The hotel needs sprucing up but overall worth staying here.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or570-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel with remarkable customer service,"I stayed here with my husband and two young children when we decided to visit Winter Wonderland. Only a 2-3 minute walk from Hyde Park Underground station and 15 minutes from Hyde Park it was very convenient. Buckingham Palace is also on 10 minute walk away!  On arrival the staff were courteous and our room was ready. Lucky enough to stay in a suite the room was beautifully decorated with Sky TV. It was comfortable and roomy.  Breakfast the following morning was fresh; your usually cereal, toast, fruit or full English.   I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or570-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable small rooms but hot,"It's a fairly typical upmarket hotel in London with small well furnished comfortable rooms and small ensuite. The bed was comfortable too. I did have three gripes, the reason for the low rating. The first was that the room was very hot. It was not possible to turn the air-conditioning down further than 19 degrees. With a winter duvet supplied, this was too hot. Thankfully the window could be opened but of course its London so noisy. Secondly, the pillows were foam ones. Perfectly good if you sleep on your back or side but not if sleeping on your front is preferred. I did ring to ask if they had another pillow but no one rang back and no pillow arrived. Thirdly, the wifi was apparently free but we could not get a strong enough signal at our room - the coffee shop across the road…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or570-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Better options,"I was quite disappointed with this hotel.  I stayed here after being on a work trip and staying at 10 different hotels throughout the US and Europe and this was one of the poorer experiences.  I had 6 nights in this hotel and it is in a great location.  Good access to Green Park Tube, nice selection of restaurants and staff are friendly.  The major issue is the noise.  I stayed here for six nights.  The way the doors are set up means there is no way to open them softly nor close them.  Every night I was woken up and on the Saturday night I had even rang the front desk as there were people moving between rooms for an hour and a half at 3.30am in the morning.  The fire doors add to the noise and very squeaky floors in both hallways and rooms.  I am generally a heavy sleeper so I…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or570-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly fine,"Just spent a couple of nights at this hotel. Checking in quick and efficient. Asked if we needed assistance with our bags but didn't have them snatched from us and held for ransom like some hotels. Comfortable room which was clean and adequately equipped. All in all, checked in, left alone, checked out. Perfect.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or575-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Considering we were in Mayfair the price I paid for two nights was reasonable. Took my husband to London as a birthday treat. In a quiet street,Less than 5min from green park underground. Lots of restaurant nearby Easy walk to piccadilly.Which suit our plans for the weekend which included theatre and meal at Corrigan s Mayfair which was fantastic. The rooms are small but no different than other London hotels. They were clean. Only two complaints. They barged into our room to clean on check out day two hours before check out time. They must have know we had not checked out. The door was missing from the wardrobe which I would not expect in a 4 star establishment. We did ask for them to call a cab on a wet evening but landed up out out to the street to call one. Which you do not…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or575-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location in Mayfair,"We only stayed one night, for London it is in one of the less busy streets, yet well located. The Ritz and Langans restaurant within easy walking distance. Boris bicycles right opposite the entrance if you fancy cycling around London. The hotel is of a good standard, the room was ok, bathroom also ok, the shower is located within the bath, with a screen (never my favourite)   The buffet breakfast was the usual average standard, so the fired eggs having been sitting around for a while are hard, the rest just luke warm. It's a shame that most hotels are going this way with breakfast. Food should be hot and an egg station for freshly cooked produce should be implemented in my view.  We went out for the night and returned to the hotel around midnight, the bar would not accept cash…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or575-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good home away from home,I have been to this hotel many times and everytime I enjoy the hospitality.  The hotel is very comfortable and the staff is very very courteous. It's a perfect home away from and specially for us we like the Indian touch of the hotel.  Extremely well located and just a 10min walk from Oxford Street this hotel is a gem.  Our home in London for sure,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or575-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, warm and welcoming","Perfect location, an easy level walk from Green Park Underground, on the Piccadilly line, straight from Heathrow, no changes, three stops from Euston station. Warm welcome, clean comfortable rooms, and a great price, miles better than other hotels in Mayfair and little or no traffic noise in the bedrooms. Great restaurants and bars close by. Husband's birthday, champagne and a handwritten note in the room! Our favourite hotel in London. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or575-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Weekend Break,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair Hotel for a birthday celebration, our stay was superb. The staff are extremely friendly and approachable, our rooms where a good size and the beds extremely comfortable, and the breakfast was fantastic, a great choice. Location is really good just a short walk to Green Park tube, Oxford Street and Hyde Park. Had a lovely stay made the weekend really special. Thank you",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or580-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe what you book,Booked a double room for a night in London with my wife. At checking in we got told we had been upgraded to a King size double...what a complete lie that turned out to be. The bed was in fact 2 old single mattresses put together. The springs on both sides had pretty much given away so we had an awful night's sleep. I suspect that most double rooms are not actually doubles...do not believe what you are booking! See photo,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or580-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Superb service and convenient location,"Lots of restaurants and shopping within steps. Staff provides exceptional service. Cosimo, Brigita and John at bar were friendly and had great recommendations for restaurants. Nearby was great shopping. Close to Buckingham Palace.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or580-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we needed,"A weekend stay  - excellent easy check in - able to store luggage for a few days before check in - Room - quiet, clean, well appointed. Good size for a Central London hotel - Location. Could not be better for all the sights. Just round the corner from Green Park Tube - Easy walk to Piccadilly, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliament  - Great choice of restaurants in Shepherds Market, across the road -Try the Guinea in Bruton Place for a quieter more local 'real' pub"" - Buffet breakfast has all you need  Very happy to recommend",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or580-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",World cup stopover ,Stopped for 1 night after rugby final. Staff were helpful and friendly. Rooms very good with comfortable beds.   Hotel in v good location for center of London attractions.didnt use bar. Breakfast was expensive if purchased outside of room booking  Would use again ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or580-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely clean stylish hotel ,"Great location room was lovely and clean surprisingly spacious by London standards. Bathroom and decor very stylish and modern. Very close to shops, cafes, tube and nice walk into central London. Beautiful park nearby too. Would definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or585-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommended ,Stayed their on a business trip to London. Room was good with ample space...aesthetically lit room...my room had a minibar....with the usual stuffs... A hair drier...locker to secure your valuables...staffs at the reception/concierge are good. The toilet/bathroom was good... It is located within walking distance of the Greeenpark underground.. Would recommend this hotel... ,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or585-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Close to perfect,"We stayed here to be close to the shops and to watch a football match for my husbands 50th birthday, he was wished a happy birthday upon arrival (advised by our travel agents), and received a slice of birthday cake and some chocolates in our room which we thought was a really nice touch.  Everyone was very helpful and cheerful, the breakfast was superb and the room (on the sixth floor - requested after reading reviews about noise on lower floors) was comfortable and quiet.  All in all a lovely short stay.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or585-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Dated,"We had a long weekend Saturday thro to Tuesday, reception staff not at all helpful on checking in or out, majority of staff couldn't crack a smile, rooms very dated and in need of a refurb. Overall experience not the best we have stayed in. Also on the day of checking out we suddenly start getting one ring calls to our rooms not just us but all three rooms. On a plus concierge very helpful and breakfast was good. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or585-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","Could not ask for a better location in London. 2 minutes to Berkley Square, Mount Street and Green Park. Only needed to take the tube to get there from Heathrow and once again on our return every where else was walkable in central London.. Hotel is comfortable and we were greeted by a lovely receptionist who made us feel very welcome. Room was very clean and  was fairly large for 3 people to share. Management sent us 3 large bottles of water and some apples to celebrate my retirement. Breakfast was of a good standard and the waiting staff were all excellent. I would recommend the hotel for location and also for the pleasant staff.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or585-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London love ,I love staying here in central London right opposite to Hyde park. The hospitality is excellent and so is the food. They take special care of their guests by taking special care. I was welcomed by a wine bottle in my room .Though we were shooting but never felt like we were away from home absolutely comfortable and  easy stay.Recommend it fully for every visitor  :),Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or590-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel & good location,"Stayed for a night and had a room on the 6th floor. Room larger, clean and quiet. Mini bar available although no iron in the room. Bathroom was modern with a great shower and thick towels.   £22 for breakfast in my room and a very nice breakfast it was too.   Checkin was quick and easy.   Location great and if coming in from Green Park it is a 2 minute walk.   For just over £200 for the night I believe this is a good choice hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or590-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Five star location but 3 star hotel,"Hotel is in a perfect location in Mayfair close to everything.  However, given its location I would have expected it to be a bit more posh.  I was here on a business trip and was disappointed that it wasn't nicer.  Fitness center was subpar. Rooms ore small and bed is a bit too soft.  Great shower though and friendly staff",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or590-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,Really lovely hotel in a quiet area of Mayfair. The rooms are a good size and well equipped. The staff were very nice and helped us get into our room before check in time. We had mentioned when booking it was our wedding anniversary and they scattered rose petals on our bed while we were out. Very unexpected. Would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or590-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What a find,"Five of us went to London last weekend to meet our dear friend who was visiting from Saudi Arabia. The hotel was booked by one of us. I usually find hotel rooms in London are tiny. The room at this hotel was spacious. It was tastefully decorated, had a large double bed, two single chairs, but still there was room to move around. The bathroom was lovely with a shower over the bath. The room was clean and tidy and everything was in working order. There was a fully stocked fridge - which I didn't use. Free tea and coffee facilities. A hairdryer and a TV. We didn't eat there, but there was a cafe Nero and a tescos opposite.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or590-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good 'special' weekend rates.","At the bottom of Curzon Street, not great value for a week day, but Friday & Saturday specials are very good value for weekend stay in London. Lots of lovely restaurants & bars with a few minutes walk, and well located for theatre, or shopping. Rooms are ok size, comfortable, very clean.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or595-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great location ,"I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights from Oct.12, the reception are friendly, concierge are very helpful and house keeping did very good job. the location is nice and to may things around. special thanks to Ms.Fiona & BEN. ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or595-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but not a luxury hotel,"I stayed in this hotel for a total of five nights at a cost of GBP 330 per night.  My first room was on the seventh floor and my second on the second.  The location of the hotel in the heart of Mayfair is terrific – close to Berkeley Square, Hyde Park and Shepherd’s Market.  The premises could do with a facelift.  The lobby, bar and restaurant are tired and the rooms could benefit from an overhaul.  Both rooms I stayed in had dirty and scuffed walls and the second had a washbasin in the bathroom which was cracked from side to side with a big chip in the middle.  The staff were pleasant but seemed stressed and unhappy.  On checking in, the concierge looked on quizzically whilst I, as the guest, had to struggle out of my taxi into the hotel carrying two heavy suitcases.  On…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or595-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The worst place standing !,"The only thing good about that place is the location and staff. Now I have to write even mor about this place (min. 200 characters ) but I have no idea what else to say about that ""hotel"".   I will never stay there again. That's definitely not a 4 star property.  Also taking a big amount authorization on your card even just for the one night for ""extras"".I have I don't know for how long that's been blocked on my card .",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or595-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Good Central Location, Friendly Staff","The is a good, centrally located hotel.  The rooms are good, the restaurant offers a good menu and the staff are friendly and helpful. We had a very pleasant stay there and recommend it. Even though there is paid WiFi in the rooms, there is a very nice messanine lounge with free WiFi.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or595-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",outstanding location,"This lovely hotel is attractive and clean situated perfectly!  A great area and 10 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace, Bond Street, and across the street from a great little square, Shepard's Market which contains several quaint pubs, an good Italian Restaurant and some shops.  Other hotels in this area are double the price.  The Washington Mayfair is a hidden gem.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or600-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday celebration,The hotel was clean the staff were very accommodating. We were a large party with7 rooms booked and each and everyone was spotless .The waiters were obliging in the breakfast room and the dinner we had on the Saturday was very good .,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or600-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice one night stay!,"The hotel is located in a good location in Mayfair close to Green Park Station. Got a good deal online with booking.com was a little worried when reading the reviews but had nothing to worry about! When arriving to the hotel we were told our room has been upgraded, large room with large tv, dressing gowns, slippers and everything needed. Prior to arriving I had e-mailed the hotel to ask if there was any extras available due to it being my partners birthday I asked for a birthday card to be delivered, they also delivered birthday cake which was a nice touch. Comfortable bed, good night sleep we had a street facing room and didn't find it to noisy. We chose to have breakfast the next day in the room. Food arrived on time, very hot and good selection. Overall was a good stay.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or600-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Possibly the worse service in town,"Upon check in you get to be confronted with one of the most unpleasant staff you have ever met. The guy does not like his job, you clearly bother him as you enter the hotel. Bad luck ... You need a room. You try your best, but it does not work ... No smiles. He rejects your credit card by almost throwing it to you in your face. A CC you used 5 minutes before that was working fine, and that you will use without any problem an hour later as well.... It's ok, maybe like me you're lucky enough to carry another one. Saved !!! It works, he can take a massive guarantee on it, ""you never know"". Once that's done you finally get your key. Still no smile. You get into your room to find out (bad luck) you're on the 1st floor, on the street, with a so called double glazing that is broken…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or600-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable Lodgings,The Washington Mayfair is conveniently located near the Green Park Underground so you can reach most sites fairly quickly. We stayed for five days with out tour group.Our room on the second floor was roomy and fairly comfortable. The bed and pillows were not great but adequate for a sound night's sleep. The room was in the back of the hotel and was very quiet. No view but we spent little time in the room. The buffet breakfast was very good. The concierge was very helpful. The only real problem was the fire alarm which went off around 0300 the last two nights.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or600-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Divided Friends,"The hotel is in a great location just down the road from Green Park and walking distance to many attractions such as Buckingham Palace and Big Ben.   The main disappointment of our stay was that we had booked to stay at the same hotel as friends however when they arrived, shortly after us, they were told there had been a mix up with their reservation and had been moved to a sister hotel 10 minutes away. Looking through other trip advisor reviews it seems this might be a regular occurrence.  If you are looking for something special and a luxury trip away, don't be fooled by the description provided on the hotel website. We paid for an upgraded room yet couldn't see what we were paying for; the dressing gowns appeared clean however had been through the wash a few too many times…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or605-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Old Pillows,"Pillow cases were clean, but the pillows were old, stained, and very smelly ! Reported the issue to the Duty Manager who listened and thanked us for our input - i.e. no positive customer service action.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or605-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if you can.......,"Having had poor rooms and mediocre service previously I approached staying here with some trepidation - and with good reason it turns out. I told the receptionist that I used to stay here a lot until the a spate of poorly maintained rooms drove me away but a regular 'overnighter' in London. This room is worse than I remembered but I keep saying 'only one night.'  Small doesn't quite describe the room, I can't open the wardrobe and stand in front because the bed is in the way. The bed is a small double with very, very creaky springs. The TV doesn't work but I can't be bothered to go through the pain of asking for it to be fixed just yet, I'll try later. Prime position but in need of a decent hotelier to bring it back to life.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or605-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Tried ""Walking Me"" to another hotel when they were sold out","I worked for Four Seasons for many years so I know a 5-star hotel when I'm in one.  This is not one.   When I checked in, I was told that there was a ""mistake"" in the reservation.  They did not have a room for me and my 75 year old mother.  There wasn't a mistake in the reservation because I had a confirmed reservation and a pre-printed registration card which I signed.  The hotel chose to relocate me to another hotel because they apparently oversold this one.  After an hour long feud in the lobby (because they were trying to put me up in a cheaper hotel with really bad ratings), they upgraded me to a suite.  Sounds nice right?  Not!  Our soap was chopped in half!  This hotel cuts corners any way it can.  Do not stay here.  It's not 5-star.  It is not what you're looking for. …",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or605-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but could be better.,"Hotel is fine, clean, adequately decored rooms. Bed was comfortable, room was well kept and comfortable. But hotel lacks character and charm. And service is not outstanding. Location is great, and this hotel could be so much more enjoyable. I mean, it's a really great location, no need to be so mediocre and conservative. Doesn't need to be Claridges, just a little more charming. Breakfast was really poor. I went to Caffe Nero even if breakfast was included in my rate. The bar was sad and boring. Overall a standard old school 4 stars.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or605-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",OK,Exhorbitant prices for breakfast.   Deposit for room takes about 2-3 weeks to be returned to your account.  Will not stay here again as price for hotel is over the top.   Sheets were not changed on bed while we stayed there either which you would expect in a hotel of this price,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or610-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not very professional ,"Staff look half dressed and Sloppy, I feel it lacks good management skills. I ordered room service this evening and didn't arrive. Reception and room service constantly rings out or gets diverted to the Bar and they tell me they're too busy, no one in sight in the bar or restaurant. Beds made up really poorly and no information booklets on services or how to operate heating, TV etc. No ironing board or iron. Good location is about all it has going for it and looks can be deceiving. ",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or610-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Like the location but feels a bit dated,Love the location of the hotel- a bit away from Oxford circus busy trafic but still central. A 10 minute walk to Regent street and Oxford street. The check in was a bit slow but service was good. The lobby and it's surroundings felt a bit dated but the rooms were modern and fresh. Did not have breakfast at the hotel as there was a lot of nice cafés close by. Overall a good hotel but no wow factor. ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or610-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very central location,"No luxury place, however,  clean, good price to quality ratio, very conveniently located (Green Park tube station is just a block away and Picadilly and Covent Garden are within walking distance). Recommended for business stay...",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or610-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Mayfair hotel,"The staff were extremely welcoming and helpful from the moment I checked into the Hotel. There are members of staff from all over the world so it was easy for me to communicate. The room was fantastic and breakfast was nice. With the hotel being centrally located in the heart of London, there was easy access to Green Park and Hyde Park which was lovely for me. The neigbourhood is really beautiful. I recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or610-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Concierge,"I enjoyed staying at the Washington Mayfair. The hotel was immaculate, and the restaurant and the bar were great. The gentlemen at the concierge desk were fantastic. They arranged restaurant reservations, and gave many suggestions to help enhance our holiday.  Lasiz was especially kind and considerate to my friend and I.  He was always pleasant and willing to help in any way he could.  The breakfast staff was also kind and courteous, and the breakfast was quite good.  I found the staff at the front desk, however, abrupt. They were rather rude and unwilling to assist customers. They would even change a 50 lb. note for smaller change. This, however, is my only complaint.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or615-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wow!,Well a 4 star hotel with a 5 star service. I booked up here for my wife's birthday as we were going to a show in Piccadilly. We checked in and was upgraded to the Master suite on the top floor at no extra cost. And to say we were blown away is an understatement. The suite was huge and very modern as it hadn't long been finished. 5 small balconies with view of Westminster and surrounding London skyline. Perfect location and not far from Green Park station and a vast range of restaurants. Breakfast in the Madison restaurant was very good and again the staff were friendly and helpful and made our stay a perfect one. Thank you all for your help and service provided. One negative comment would be to clean the Entrance sign to stand out more but merely a small snag. ,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or615-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but limited quality,"If location is essential, then this is ideal for getting to anywhere in Mayfair, walking you are minutes away from Bond street and Park lane. The hotel itself feels tired, rooms have been redecorated, though it was hard to tell If I was in a new or old one. There was plenty of noise in the corridors too. Getting there by car is easy, though stopping outside to unload bags, with no porters in sight was a challenge. Parking is close by, but you are in the hands of the traffic wardens when you drop off bags. I would not stay again, the overall impression is that it needs a major refit, not just a superficial scrub up. For some though, it may well be enough to be in the prime location. It was not cheap, so I would suggest shopping around.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or615-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Very Pleasant Stay,"We have just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and would certainly recommend it.  The room was of adequate size for a couple, clean and comfortable.  The shower was amazing and the air conditioning efficient.  We had the full breakfast which was excellent and an evening meal which, too, was very good.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The location is perfect for the underground and sightseeing around Buckingham Palace.  We will certainly choose this hotel when visiting London again.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or615-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location ,"The located in Curzon st. The staff are hospitable and nice. Especially, Fabrizio and Lara from the front desk.  The rooms are in good volition with responsive house keeping. Breakfast was good. Overall I strongly recommend the hotel",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or615-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, rest not so great","This hotel is fabulously located, a few minutes from Green Park and thereafter The Mall, Green Park station very close by, and some decent restaurants, cafés and shops right next to the hotel. This, then, is about what this hotel is great about - rooms very much need an upgrading, there are several inconvenient steps and doors between the elevator and the rooms, there is absolutely nothing special in the room nor the breakfast that would justy the price (we did get a significant company discount and still I did not feel like this was actually worth it).",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or620-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again ,"We stayed here as we were attending a friend's wedding that weekend. Reception was very friendly and welcoming. The room was nice small but more than adequate for a couple. The location of the hotel itself is fantastic. Breakfast was fantastic, there was such a good choice of full English, pastries, cereals, fruit, coffee, tea et cetera et cetera. If we ever needed to stay in Mayfair again we wouldn't hesitate to use this hotel again!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or620-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",FANTASTIC HOTEL IN SUPERB LOCATION,"Just returned from a weekend at The Washington with my two daughters.  Loved every minute, lovely hotel in a fantastic location. We even got a free upgraded room which was beautiful.  Thank you to everyone for making our trip most memorable.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or620-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Joke & A Rip Off,"My friend and I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel. We were impressed by the photos on the hotel's website. It depicted a warm welcoming and good hot. Little did we know it was all a lie. The hotel itself is old and in desperate need of a renovation. Exposed wirings in the closet and dirty vents on the ceiling (which was the view we had when lying on the bed). See photos. This is definitely not what their advertising depicted!  What made our experience ultimately the most unenjoyable is the customer service!  No offer of luggage assistance on arrival despite my obvious struggle.On check in, we specifically asked for twin singld beds at booking time. This was not done amd we were told they would split the beds in 5 minutes whilst we wait in the room. Did not happen until another 2…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or620-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ups and downs ,"Me and girlfriend stayed here and and left with mixed feelings. On arrival was greeted a little frosty from the reception desk as we had been travelling all day and wore casual dress attire (top, jeans, and trainers)   They were very good in upgrading are room but the rom we thought was very average for the price either way.   Are mini bar was very limited so hardly ordered from there as well.  Breakfast was a mess as we ordered for room service which was fine but food order was my as ordered. Just a mix up but dealt with it very well by taking one off but slightly dampened are morning breakfast. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or620-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",First time to London!!,"This was our first trip to London!!!  The hotel is located in the Mayfair district which is very central to a lot of tourist attractions.  Buckingham Palace is very close to the hotel!!  The hotel is very clean and neat.  The concierge, Ben, was very helpful with recommendations and helping us with anything we needed.  We got the full English Breakfast with our room and it was delicious.  Across the street from the hotel is a area called Shepherds Market where there are a variety of restaurants.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or625-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Super hotel,"I loved this hotel.  It is in a fabulous location a stones through from Piccadilly, Regents Street, Bond Street, Harrods etc. and everywhere fabulous to shop.  Hard Rock Cafe is 3 mins. walk.  Taxi's are easy to obtain at this location - just ask the doorman, and you have bike's across the street if you fancy getting around that way.  But the fabulous thing about this location is, very little street noise.   The rooms are very large (for London), with comfortable beds and quality linens. Would definitely consider again for a future London trip",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or625-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I love this hotel!!,I will be staying there for the fourth time later this year. The location is fantastic! The staff is always very nice and helpful. The place is clean and the price is one of the best for a room in London. I come to London pretty often and this is now my regular hotel.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or625-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant surprise,"I have visited the Washington occasionally and regarded it as a standard, bland, corporate hotel conveniently located for meetings in central London. I was, however,  pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service when I attended a small dinner there recently with a few media colleagues.  The menu was Indian with delicious but simply cooked chicken and mutton curry, a superb potato bhaji, dal and other side dishes; tasted like home-cooked food. The yogurt served as an accompaniment was the best I have tasted recently, light and fluffy. Many thanks to the management and staff for looking after us so well.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or625-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Resonably priced, good location","Lovely room, there was an issue with the aircon that was sorted immediately. Great location for Hyde Park and directly opposite Green Park with a short walk to Bauckingham Palace. Great little eateries and pubs nearby, cheap full English breakfasts! Unfortunately we were on a low level and facing the street, so we're woken by loud delivery and waste collection at 4am on a Sat morning.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or625-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Early morning supreise,"very good location near Berkeley square. Staff was very friendly and the room clean, modern and spacious. Only problem was that my room was app above the loading/delivery area which meant that I was woken up early morning by the annoying beeping of trucks arriving backwards.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or630-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",No standards at all,Really hard to run a hotel in a lucky location in London with no standards. So congratulations to operator. There was a broken window frame in our room for three days which makes the room cold and noisy. Overall conditions and price don't match. ,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or630-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very good value ""big"" hotel in heartof Mayfair","Booked late for a room and got a decent price. Stayed here 10 years ago and the décor needs updating since then! But clean, tidy, well appointed and I always love hotels with inroom kettle and coffee making facilities! A really great location with the unbeatable Shepherd Market opposite and lots of eateries. It is a decent hotel, in need of a refurb, but tidy, clean and efficient. Thumbs up!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or630-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A fabulous location and good hotel,"This was a nice hotel in a great location. It was a good price (so many are so expensive) and for it's location I thought it was really reasonable.  It's right in the heart of Mayfair so you can just walk everywhere.  The hotel is nice, the staff are friendly if a little less attentive than some places I've stayed.  We were upgraded to a slightly larger room (which is great as I find rooms in major cities pretty small!) which was lovely of them.  The breakfast was fine - nothing to rave about but all options covered and was included in our rate.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or630-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely aged hotel but very expensive!,"This is a lovely hotel, however it is very much on the pricey side.  It is located very well to get around London on foot, with some great eateries and shops int he surrounding area.  The King room was spacious but the bathroom was very small and aged.  The hotel could do with a face-lift as it really has a lot of potential.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or630-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Solo Business Trip,"Washington Mayfair has a great location for travelers, a short walk from Green Park Station and only 45mins from Kings Cross (if you dare walk it!). I have stayed in a fair amount of London hotels in my lifetime (I loved 'The Cavendish', Mayfair and 'The Cranley Hotel', Kensington) but the Washington failed to match up to the same quality.   I am a honest traveller, and no expert on hotels - I like a clean room, a comfy bed and a breakfast to set me up. My 'Superior' room was fairly clean, the bed was comfortable, but a few details were lacking and let the hotel down. Firstly, even though the room was contemporary decorated, there was an aged look to the walls and the fixtures were in need of updating. Secondly, the breakfast was strictly average and a charge was attached for…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or635-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Calm and relaxing in Mayfair just ten minutes from Buckingham Palace.,"A very short walk from Green Park and Green Park Underground, this hotel is nestled in Mayfair almost opposite Shepherd Market with it's restaurants and pubs. Expect to see Ferraris and Bentleys circling round. Expect a cross section of London's cosmopolitan life with Italian through to middle east eateries - even a Polish Mexican restaurant (L'Autre) and Brtish pubs too (try The Market Tavern or The Grapes). So a great location. You realise as soon as you enter the hotel it feels calm and relaxing. I've stayed here several times and always feel welcome. You first meet the concierge staff and they're friendly, always helpful and have good senses of humour. Reception is to the right. Again welcoming, patient and utterly consistently helpful. The hotel is generally always updating…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or635-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid ....,"very poor hotel, for the price it is frankly a ripoff. The decor is dated, it is so noisy in the mornings not helped by the cleaning staff entering our room at 8.45am...thanks for that!. During booking asked for a high floor room, the hotel has eight floors.....we got number one, sums up the whole stay, one big fat disappointment. As the title says Avoid there are far superior hotels in this location.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or635-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, very clean and cozy","We stayed there for a week for our honey moon. It is steps away from st James and Hyde Park, Picadilly and Green Park metro station, and many other attractions. There is Cafe Nero in front of it for breakfast and a Tesco convenience store. Our room had king bed, It was cleaned well daily, towels changed even that we did not put them on floor to note it needs to be changed. Rooms have mini bar, safe box. Lightning is very conveniently made that you can switch off/on right near your bed as well as in the  corridor. The floor spot near washing basin was warm which was very pleasant. Staff was very helpful and friendly. The bed seemed a bit tough but after an extensive of walking it did not really matter. Water pressure was amazing and the bath itself quite big. We did not go to a…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or635-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"Booked at the Washington for a surprise for my partners birthday. Was greeted by two staff members, one was rude the other one was pleasant. Was asked straightway to pay £100 in case any damage was done to the room, at this point not even got the bags in the room. Went to the room no drinks were included and room was clean, but very basic especially after paying £180 for one night. Therefore was a little disappointed, however it is a lovely location",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or635-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London Trip,"Fabulous hotel, from check in to check out. Reception and all staff friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Room was well equipped and very comfortable. Hotel was well located near Park Green Tube station and only 15 minutes walk to Piccadilly. Would also recommend the breakfast good selection on offer lots of choice for all appetites.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or640-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great base for visiting London,"I was slightly dubious about staying here after reading some reviews, however we had a great stay. We were in London to celebrate 2 40th birthdays, when we mentioned this on checking in we were upgraded to superior rooms which were lovely. Upon returning from an afternoon exploring both rooms had some cake and a birthday card left in, a simple but lovely gesture. The staff were all very friendly and polite and I would happily stay here again as it is so close to Piccadilly and the tube",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or640-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fine hotel","I must admit to being a little nervous booking into this hotel as some of the previous reviews had said it was tired.  Maybe the foyer was a little worse for wear but I had no complaints about the room itself.  A comfortable, airy, good sized room considering you're in the heart of Mayfair.  A newly refurbished bathroom with a powerful shower and a deep bath.  No complaints.  It wasn't cheap but it was a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or640-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ruined birthday,"Okay, so this isn't a full review as we didn't get beyond the lobby!  My fiancé booked us in for one night as we were going to London to celebrate my 40th birthday with a meal at Gymkhana. He chose this hotel as it was less than 10 minutes walk to the restaurant.   When we arrived to check in the receptionist asked to wait a moment,  disappeared out the back,  and a few minutes later the manager appeared to inform us that they were overbooked and there was no room for us but it was okay as they'd got a room for us at another hotel! We were then put into a cab and shipped off to The Courthouse on Great Marlborough Street.   In fairness we were asked if we wouldn't mind going to the other hotel but it was couched in terms that implied there really want a lot of choice.   They did…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or640-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Old, tired basic hotel","We booked the hotel for an over night stay for our wedding anniversary. The location is fabulous for getting around but on entering the reception area I knew we'd made a mistake. Mis-matched old leather sofas and thread bare faded rugs in a basic lobby. We were given our room key and entered the lift. The lift had filthy stained carpets and smelt. We got to the third floor which was so dark and dimly lit to our room. We had booked a deluxe which actually was more like a prison cell. Tiny window over looking a wall and it was dark, smelt damp and you could hardly move in it, it was so small. We called down to reception to complain and they moved us to another room with no issues. This apparently was a suite. But basically a reasonably sized room with a seating area, very tired…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or640-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous weekend in a lovely hotel,"My husband and I stayed in this Hotel on Friday night as we were going to the Take That concert at the O2.  After reading some of the reviews on here, I was feeling a little hesitant about our stay and worrying that we had made the wrong choice.  I shouldn't have worried...  Our room was ready at 12pm when we arrived so we went straight up and was greeted by a lovely, clean room.  Unfortunately, there was scaffolding outside the window so we requested a different room and was given an alternative with no fuss whatsoever.  Fantastic location, very clean and quiet and our room, although on the small side, was beautifully decorated.  I can't comment on the restaurants as we did not eat here but the dining room looked lovely.  Would definitely return!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or645-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Weekend,We stayed here from Friday night to Sunday - hotel is in a great position for everywhere. Tube is the best way to get round - Taxis are expensive. Hotel is clean and well worthy of 4 star rating staff on reception and concierge were very helpful Well worth considering if you're having a short weekend break.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or645-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location location","Our London home for several years. The staff is gracious, the rooms have been constantly refreshed and they now have a new heat/air system and TVs. The public area's do need a refresh, but we wouldn't stay nowhere else.  Great value for money. Love the bar and the catering is very good. We not only stay here ourselves, but send many clients who are universally please.  If you can stretch you budget, the new Penthouse suites are spectacular...and a true bargain in never cheap Mayfair. Oh, and the Wi-Fi is free and fast. And the bathrooms are well lit..so yes, you can see to shave (a pet peeve of mine).",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or645-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location Lovely Staff,"We have just come back from a weekend at the washington we went for my husbands birthday we had a lovely experience our room was clean,staff were attentive and very friendly and the bar staff who made us cocktails in the evening were very obliging thank you so much !!!!! see you all again soon we hope",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or645-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, weathered hotel","While the hotel was in a great location, the hotel was a bit tattered and worn down. The staff was accommodating but it didn't outweigh the worn out nature of the hotel.   The breakfast were good, but nothing amazing.   I don't think I would stay in this hotel again. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or645-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Tired rundown hotel with insolent staff,"My friend and I selected this hotel as our base for a one night stay in London.  The website depicts bright, clean, modern & comfortable rooms.  We checked in (gave them our credit card to hold the funds for our stay) and were handed our key with little more than a mumble from the “welcome staff” at reception as to where we might find our room.  Having taken the decrepit lift and it’s very stained carpets to our floor we opened the door to our room where we were greeted with a dark, dull, stuffy room which left us feeling claustrophobic and depressed.  The room looked nothing like the room from the pictures on the website.   After less than 3 minutes we made our way back to reception to politely inform them that we wont be staying here and to release our money and let us go on…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or650-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA AT THE WASHINGTON,I was invited to afternoon tea at the Washington Hotel Mayfair which is a lovely hotel located in Curzon Street and one which has a lot of history attached to it.   The selection of pastries on offer were a delight as were the warm scones with clotted cream and jam. Sheer indulgence in a great setting and a marvellous pot of English tea to boot. Wonderful .,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or650-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice room, awful service","Ok, I'm picky with hotels, staying away two nights per week I get to try something new all the time, but the serviceberries was awful!  Having booked months before I made the normal 'no feather pillows or duvets due to allergies' request only to have to ask reception if they had taken them out, and got a blank expression back.... They subject to availability I was told, we as an asthmatic I said you either change them or I can't stay, 15 mins later and a word with the manager it's all sorted.....  So now I eat to the room, long day in the office, shower get changed and notice room smells of smoke, tried to call reception, no answer, after three times go down to be told, your in a smoking room sir! So had to move rooms, air con didn't work, room smelled damp and was next to the…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or650-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Bad experience, overall","Checked in at 6pm, when I got to the room I was surprised to find the room as it was left by the previous guest, wet towels littered the floor and beds. It was not a good first impression. I was changed to another room. There the AC did not work and it was steaming hot. I called for it to be repaired. I called again. I called again. Finally at 9pm, exhausted from transcontinental travel I called to ask them if they would come to repair or that I should just go to sleep, given my jet lag I didn't want to be interrupted. They sent a person to fix it. In addition I was expecting a package delivered on arrival, I was surprised not to have it there, I waited to morning to call and ball-out the sender given that I needed the material for my 9am meeting. I learned that the materials…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or650-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","undergoing renovations. lovely old building, good location","Stayed for 2 nights due to odd working hours that week. well situated. just 1 lift due to a breakdown. Breakfast is too expensive and starts too late (7am) It is good, but not worth the cost.Room is very comfortable. Room and bathroom in good condition and very clean. Own SKY decoder is the room is useful too",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or650-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday disappointment,"My husband and I visited this hotel to celebrate my 60th birthday.  The room had been booked since January, so we were both looking forward to our stay there.  On checking in at the hotel reception, we were advised that 2 rooms had been booked in our name, why that should be was no fault of ours but nevertheless we eventually were shown to a double room which turned out to be a twin.  We had to call reception, and the room maids came and pushed 2 single beds together and re-made the bed into a double.  Room was comfortable and very clean.  My husband had pre - ordered flowers to be put in the room for my birthday.  This never happened as we were told by the duty manager when we went to complain, that this request was not picked up nor actioned, even though the request was…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or655-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and nice room,"Nicely located hotel, ideal for a morning run in the park. Rooms are nice, pillons are a bit soft though. Good breakfast but missing good coffee. It is however a bit pricy. Staff is very kind and helpful. Nice and good size bathroom, shower has good water pressure.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or655-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!!!,The reception staff were very helpful giving us directions to get to the Chelsea flower show by bus or underground..checked in easily and were upgraded which was a nice surprise.   Room was spotlessly clean with nice toiletries and towels and dressing gown..so met a high standard.  Breakfast was excellent glad we paid to have it included as would be expensive otherwise and probably wouldn't have eaten it in the hotel. All the hot food stayed hot and continental was also good..with tea and coffee served by waiters and topped up when asked.  The location was good for us and considering very central not much outside noise from traffic although we had asked for a high floor for this reason and were given one ..again a plus point as so often requests not always met.  We found the…,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or655-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great central location,"My husband and I had booked a double room but was given a twin, was soon dealt with and with an upgrade so can't complain. This is a great place to stay if you want to be in the heart of town. The breakfast was ok but very over priced. We didn't eat in the restaurant as the menu wasn't anything special, but with so many great places to eat around we didn't feel the need too. Very comfortable room, great black out curtains so if you are a deep sleeper and need to be up early, set your alarm clock!!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or655-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location, rooms ok. Great bar staff, waitresses and  especially concierge Emi. Was not impressed by check in service or staff who were unfriendly and unaware that we had booked 2 nights. Thought we had booked for one as the reservation was made through bookings.com The trainee (think it was Christina) referred to another lady  and they then found the second booking as originally we had planned an over night trip. I had e-mailed the hotel  the week before to ensure we would have the same room for both nights and had a lovely reply from Estefania Billinghurst.   The rest of the staff were better dressed than the two staff at the reception desk  . We did not find either ladies helpful or friendly. Rest of the staff were lovely .",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or655-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A night mare,"Arrived at 2:00am. Room was soaked with water due to the rain and with towels all over the carpet.  The only roomy hat they had. I was too tiered to start arguing.  When I came to pay I asked that they'd not charge me for the 1st night and they refused. After talking to the manager who was in charge at the night before I left the agree to reduce my bill by 100£. I think that the hotel manger should have been kinder, apologies and not behave in an arrogance attitude.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or660-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good for the price,"My wife and I stayed here the first 2 weeks of May. I've stayed at the ""Wash"" about 10 times in the last 20 years. The recent redecoration of the rooms is a major and welcome improvement. The location remains ideal for us. But the food remains mediocre to bad. However the area is loaded with good restaurants. Cosimo's bar is a delight. Cosimo, from Rome, has been at the ""Wash"" for many years, and is a delightful guy and is very patient with my Italian. As long as Cosimo is here so shall we be. Chicago Fred & Maria",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or660-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but starting to look shabby,"I've stayed at this hotel several times before as it's in a perfect location for enjoying shopping, theatres and restaurants. Although our visit this time was great, the hotel is starting to look shabby and in need of another refurbishment.  The first room that I was given on the 1st floor had an extractor vent outside the window, so was really noisy and I immediately asked to be moved. Back At Reception, I was made to feel likeI was being a nuisance and after a lot of keyboard tapping I was given a room on the 5th floor.  The room was ok; the carpet was worn but overall it was clean. The bathroom was better, and the shower fabulous when compared to the pathetic trickle that you sometimes see. Aside from the usual shampoo and shower gel, the room was devoid of amenities that you…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or660-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, nice hotel","We spent three nights at the Washington Mayfair in April 2015. It's in a great location, close to a tube station which made getting around London easy. The room was an alright size, big enough for what we needed but by no means spacious. It was modern and clean with a good size bathroom.  However, the outside of the hotel is currently undergoing renovations so our room on the first floor looked out over scaffolding which meant we needed to have our curtains closed whenever we were inside. Despite this, there was minimal noise from the work site and we were not woken up by workers in the morning.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or660-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem,"I have had the pleasure of staying at this hotel on several occasions usually when attending functions at other much more expensive hotels in Mayfair. The rooms are well equipped, furnished to a high standard and look modern. The hotel is beautifully situated on Curzon street for access to Green Park, Oxford Street, Bond Street etc. I agree with some of the comments that there may be a few signs of wear and tear but overall I found the place excellent value for money. I have always obtained rooms inclusive of breakfast which I have always found to be an excellent full English spread.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or660-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"My wife and I stayed at the Washington recently, chosen because we had spent our honeymoon there many years ago. Another reason for choosing it was the central location, located in central Mayfair just off Piccadilly it was an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Oxford Street, Hyde Park, the Theatre District, etc. We were upgraded on arrival to a Junior Suite which seemed to have recently been renovated, a lovely modern and comfortable corner room, plenty of space with dual aspect windows.Unfortunately the bathroom appeared to have missed the renovation as it was looking very old and certainly in need of a thorough clean! .Breakfasts were buffet and the food and service good, we did not eat in the restaurant but did use room service which was extremely prompt and well presented. We…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or665-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",World Class Staff and Location,"I have traveled to London with a group of students and stayed at the Washington Mayfair for a total of six weeks during the last three years.  This allowed me a great opportunity to see the staff in action for an extended period.  I am extremely impressed with the management's leadership which is reflected in the courtesy and professionalism of the entire staff.  This is a great hotel, in a great location, with a top notch staff.  If you are looking for the best value in the Mayfair District, you have found it in the Washington Mayfair",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or665-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Hotel was nice, great location. The only complaint is that we couldn't really figure out the temperature of the room. It was very hot so we had to open a window. The staff was nice and friendly. The nightly price was average for London and the area of Mayfair is above average pricing. Great little square with a lot of pubs across the street.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or665-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Desappointed!,"Hi, After staying in The Washington Mayfair hotel for the week-end, I must say I was really disappointed… It is announced as a four star hotel, I’m still wondering why.  Maybe we have a different system in France, but for me a four star hotel has to be absolutely perfect, which is not the case for this hotel.  To start with the hall painting and furniture need to be freshened up.  There are stains on the carpet and walls and the doors are all scratched. Even one off the elevators looks like there is a problem that hasn’t been fixed.  The room isn’t bad, but is definitely not a four star category. There is a small hole that hasn’t been properly fixed (maybe this sounds like a detail for you, but for the price you pay you expect everything to be absolutely perfect), the floor…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or665-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Total Let Down,"This hotel is nothing like the pictures on the website. It is tired, dirty and not worth staying in.  Reading the other reviews I think they must be fake, as the experience I had does not correlate with some of the other reviews.   We had to change rooms 4 times on arrival due to.   1. Scaffolding with builders on outside window.  2. Stank of cigarette smoke  3. Stains on bed and head board. Carpet all frayed and dirty. Room generally in a poor state of repair.  4. Finally room 4 was just OK. Broken floor tiles in the bathroom along with pealing paint. Filthy dirty AC vents, no extractor fan in the bathroom.  Breakfast is over £20, the food in the hot buffet was very low grade and luke warm. The bottled water marked sparkling was in fact still, which I can only assume the hotel…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or665-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A PERFECT Overnight Stay,"We needed a Convenient hotel in Mayfair without spending A FORTUNE for an Overnight Stay. We got off at Green Park Tube, had a lovely walk along the Park and we were at the hotel in no time. There are LOTS of little shops and cafés close by too. A very pleasant walk through Mayfair to Regent Street with LOTS of Interesting Things to See... (No NEED to take the Underground!) The Hotel Staff were DELIGHTFUL! They were very friendly and welcoming and soon had us sorted out with directions to where we needed to be. The room was ideal for our stay, looking out on to Curzon Street.... With the Added Special Touch of A Box of Chocolates waiting for us! Then, to our surprise, a knock on the door and two bottles of chilled water... AND TWO CHOCOLATE EGGS!! Very Thoughtful! EXTREMELY…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or670-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Don't pay full price ,"Rated 4 stars due to getting good price on line, £290 for two nights B+B.  Pros;  Big rooms, clean, decent breakfast, great location we were facing main road but not to noisy, tesco extra and cafe Nero right opposite.  Cons; Some basics missed, lots of staff around hotel all polite but not massively helpful, concierge couldn't change money for us, breakfast staff brought tea and toast but no milk or butter, hotel was very hot in rooms and at breakfast, only small things but means it is definitely not worth the advertised rate! Get it cheap online and it's a good stay!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or670-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Located Conveniently,"The best thing about this hotel is its location. We booked it as a central point for travelling around the town for our meetings. We had no problems during our stay. Rooms are small but that isn't much of a problem if you are able to save some commuting time. Staff was helpful and service was fine. There are some good eating joints near the hotel. In the evening, we went walking to these places to spend our leisure time. There is also a really good Lebanese restaurant about a 100 steps away from this place. Do try that. We loved it. Sorry, I'm unable to recall the name now. After dinner, we went for a walk to the Buckingham Palace. It is about a 15-20 mins walk from here.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or670-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - but that's about it,"If you're looking for a centrally located launch pad for your London visit, this is great. However that's about it. The food is nothing to write home about nor is the hotel itself. The rooms, though neatly turned out, lack character and space. So if you're looking for functional efficiency go right ahead but if you're looking for a memorable stay look elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or670-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding service beyond my expectations!!!!,I use this hotel quite a lot when I am in the West End.  I popped in for a coffee and used the lounge to catch up with my emails.  I had made the foolish mistake for wearing a new pair of Jeffery West shoes this day without wearing them in!  I was discussing this as a throw away comment with Egle & Brigita who were serving coffee. I an instant they appeared with some plasters and they could not do enough for me.  It is service like this that makes hotels stand out. These laddies were a credit to the hotel and I thank them most sincerely. I would also like to thank the reception staff and the doorman who were all so exceptionally polite and friendly.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or670-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel with excellent staff/service and location,"Enjoyed our stay a lot. The staff was very friendly, helpful and the service was excellent. Walking distance to Green Park-metro and Buckingham. Nice breakfast. Already planning to stay here next time in London.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or675-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel in a excellent location,"We were able to book a room on the day of our trip to London so the rate was very reasonable.  The location is excellent, close to restaurants, bars and shopping (Oxford Street).  The room was well equipped and sleep quality was excellent.  We would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or675-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"A smooth, trouble free visit. Recommended for comfort, location and quality of service.  We checked in quickly, found the room easily and were impressed by the doorbell in front of each door! Very original. ",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or675-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Unsatisfactory,"The overall stay in the hotel was fine and it's a great location.  However, while drying my hair the hairdryer exploded in my hand, separated from the lead and as it flung across the floor with sparks flying, I stood in shock and couldn't believe I didn't actually receive an electric shock.  I was so lucky.  On reporting this to the reception they asked if I was okay, I said yes, but very shocked - they seemed only concerned with telling me they had just had the hairdryers replace and sent housekeeping up to replace the hairdryer, which was not the reason I was informing them.  I only used the hairdryer for a couple of minutes as I was only drying my fringe.  The following day when we were checking out, I again reported the incident.  The receptionist said they would report it…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or675-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as location may appear!,"We used the hotel for a business meeting, not our usual but fancied a change! We should have stuck to our usual. The decor feels very worn, and although staff were accommodating, they certainly were trained to keep asking if we wanted anything so much so it felt uncomfortable. On leaving ( I hadn't drank my coffee as it was vile) the waitress asked if there was anything wrong. I told her it was, but they didn't offer any refund or apology. Certainly won't be returning",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or675-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",a nice surprise....,"being the one who booked for a party of 5 I was nervous but should not have been, clean, shiny and friendly on arrival. small confusion over 1 breakfast but soon sorted. reception staff very helpful, bar staff very helpful and breakfast staff courteous and smiling which is always a good start to the day. Cleanliness throughout exceptional. Rooms very comfortable and a good size.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or680-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice room, incorrect information given by reception.","We arrived at the hotel after reserving a room on booking.com for £169 when we arrived we were told the room was £199. Which we weren't happy about but realised this was a problem with booking.com so did not complain. We were then charged an extra £50 incase of room charges which we were told we would receive back immediately on checkout if not spent. During check in another customer paying the same price for the same room was told he had breakfast included, so we queried if ours was also included. It was not, so would would have to pay £22 per person for breakfast. Did not quite understand how this was different for the same price room.  The room was a nice size, not as big as the pictures on the website, very comfortable bed and modern bathroom. Lighting was a little dim at…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or680-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",OK at a price,"Although I have rated this hotel as average, it was due to value for money as the hotel provides everything you need. Free Wifi, bath robes, thick fluffy towels, air conditioning, pretty quiet rooms, blackout blinds decent breakfast. However at over £200 for a night the rooms are not great and pretty dark and claustrophobic. I'm not sure, however, if other options in that particular area would be any better value. Only a few minutes walk to Green Park Underground Station. There are only 2 lifts and they were not particularly good or quick and you may have a long wait at peak times. I think there was 7 floors, so depends upon how fit you are as to whether you would choose stairs.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or680-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,Great Location. Choose upper floor rooms. Lower floor rooms are too dark. Breakfast is good and the bar is economical. Service quality is good but slow. Concierge is very helpful. The street is one way. Please check on parking charges. Wifi is good. Rooms are a bit tired and they need renovation. All offices are walking distance and there are great restaurants nearby.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or680-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Okay Stay,"Stayed Friday/ Saturday. Location is very convenient for Theatreland, other Central London sites. Staff are pleasant. Facilities - Green Park tube is very close by allowing us to a) travel / then walk to Hotel from Paddington rail Stn. B) travel to other sites via that tube access. Hotel is well equipped and generally speaking comfortable. We stayed in room 232 about which we complain little other than it is small. The rooms has a small window (which overlooks Curzon Street - Tesco) which makes the room a bit dim. Breakfast was in the price and was good. Overall It was as the heading states an okay stay. ",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or680-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",never stay ever again,"This is by far the worst hotels i have ever stayed in my life...extremely pricey and zero in comfort. the rooms are pea sized and arranged around a dungeon passage way... there is only 1 functional lift and it takes like ages to come. the only positive thing about the hotel is its location and the staff, who have been courteous.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or685-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A nice stay,On arrival Reception Staff were helpful and very pleasant and since we had arrived early we only expected to drop off our luggage but were kindly allowed immediately into our 6th floor room. The room was at the rear of the hotel and meant we had a lovely quite night. We were very well assisted with local restaurant choices that evening which helped greatly. The next day our stay over finished very nicely with a lovely Full English Breakfast which we would both recommend.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or685-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location ,"The hotel itself is average and the room okay but for the price, it is excellent! The neighborhood is great. A little out is Shepherd's Market and it is a nice atmosphere at night and also means a ready source of food. Walk out to the street and its Green Park tube station and also where the big bus tour guides. If one is adventurous they can also walk down to Piccadilly Circus. Wonderful hotel to come back to after a busy day.  ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or685-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in a great location ,"This hotel is in a fab location, just a couple of minutes walk from Green Park tube station.  Its close to all the major attractions, which makes it a perfect base.  The room was on the small side but was fine for a couple of nights.  However it was so hot, the radiator in the bathroom was on full blast and couldn't be turned off. The air conditioning was noisy and didn't really do a lot.  Granted we should of complaint but we didn't spend that much time in the room to make it worth it.  I know people have complained about noise from the street but you are in central London so its expected.  I would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or685-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Please Read Before Booking,"I stayed at this hotel on the 25.2.2015, the last time I stayed here was over 2 years ago, how a hotel can change.  Firstly after arriving and struggling with our luggage and no offer of help from the porter we got to the front desk, where the staff were great, we get our room key and of I go, bearing in mind I paid over  £200 per night, when I opened my bedroom door I was confronted with a tired and worn room, but ok....I can live with that, I proceed to go and look outside of my window where I was confronted with scaffolding.  I had a late business meeting and come 2.00am I was looking forward to bed and a nice lie in,..............how wrong I was, @ 5.00am deliveries started coming to the hotel and the noise was unbelievable, then a hour later cleaning of the hallways…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or685-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",a quick overnight stop,"booked due to an early meeting in Mayfair. Just 5 mins walk from Green Park tube. Check in was really easy and I had been upgraded to a junior suite on the 6th floor, which was lovely and a very pleasant surprise. Really enjoyed it.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or690-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Valentine's weekend! :) ,"My boyfriend took me here for valentines :) the room was beautiful with petals on the bed and chocolates (which my boyfriend ate 😡) the location was fantastic, right near Buckingham palace and the atmosphere was lovely. We felt a little out of place as the clientele were much more mature than we were! 😂 the only thing that let this room down was the bathroom! It was clean, but very old fashioned and one of the tiles in the middle of the floor was loose which my boyfriend did trip over, he is clumsy but it was still a hazard. :) all in all it was a lovely trip, and we had a fantastic weekend :) ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or690-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Tasty visit,"My sisters and I dined in the Madison Bar Restaurant at this lovely hotel today, it was one of the best dining experience we've had. Our waiter was friendly and polite throughout, as were the Front desk/concierge. The food was heaven, especially the Ginger Pudding dessert which was accompanied with double cream.  Ambience relaxing and not hurried. The hotel is situated well with Green Park underground 4 mins walk away. My sisters and I look forward to visiting again soon.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or690-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Stay,Nice hotel with Very freindly and helpful staff.  Good sized comfortable room with tea and coffee mini bar (extra charge) and products in the bathroom. Really lovely breakfast with a good selection. Good location straight through from Kings Cross to Green Park and then a 5 min walk. Selection of bars and restuarnat close by we ate a turkish resturant called  Sofra-  OMG the Turkish Delight Ice cream was Amazing!! Wish we had had more time to wander and explore Mayfair.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or690-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay,"We were here celebrating a significant birthday, apparently my life has just begun!.  The room was beautiful -  room 224.  lovely and modern if a bit on the small side.  Bathroom was immaculate and clean. Bathrobes were provided. The bed was soooo comfortable and the bedding of very high quality - fab nights sleep My husband mentioned my birthday and I was delighted to be greeted by cake and chocolates on arrival in the room. Staff very attentive and helpful. Breakfast is AMAZING and there is loads of it, restaurant staff also very attentive and friendly.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or690-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovley little hotel in a fab location!,"I found this hotel at the absolute last minute when looking for somewhere to stay with my partner on valentines day. If you have a night out in Mayfair planned this hotel could not be in a better location! It is a 2 minute walk from Green Park tube station and is right in the middle of everything and close to all popular bars, restaurants etc. The hotel lobby and reception are a little old fashioned and some would say run down, but the hotel rooms are perfect for purpose with lovely bathrooms and super comfy beds. Amazing breakfast which was included in our room fee. We paid an extra £5pp for tray service to have our breakfast delivered to our room which I thought was reasonable. There is also a tesco express directly opposite the hotel so if you need any bits and bobs you can…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or695-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"Lovely hotel in an incredible location if you've got lots of places to go. We were upgraded for free to a large double which was very ind, and the staff are all very polite. Anything we asked for was delivered quickly to our room. The only thing I would say is that the room size is a little small considering, however, this is London. We had a brilliant time.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or695-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again,"We booked this for valentines night as we thought it was very close to theatre land and it wasn't a bad price plus the reviews were alright. But I wasn't that impressed at all. The whole place is a bit bland needs updating and smells musky. The windows from the outside are vile which is the first thing I noticed when we arrived. No doorman on the door as we arrived which was a shame as that's nice for a greet.   We walked over to reception to check in which I thought would be quick and easy.. Not really as we had to hand over credit card details (which is fine and expected in these hotels) but not for the receptionist to then say we aren't taking any money it's just if you use the mini bar.. But she typed in £50.00! She then said, we hold this but don't take it. Oh so that's ok…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or695-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed is not the word ,"Upon arrival had to wait for the receptionist to be called by the cleaner, booking details where incorrect had to prove was on a bed and breakfast rate not room only!   Given our room key go to our room it is a twin not a double phone reception they say they will sort this issue when we are out, we go out for 2 hours come back and the room is still a twin, call reception again they are not that helpful, get a double room eventually the room is small floor is squeaky and the bed uncomfortable should have stayed at the premier inn would have been a better stay",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or695-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, serves a purpose","I've stayed here a number of times. The location is first class only a 10min walk from Piccadilly. The hotel is nice. Rooms have been good on all but 1 occasion when I was in a first floor room looking over the roof of the restaurant. Noise from the extract fans was something else. But, this has been a one off and rooms have been otherwise large and spotless. Yet to eat in the hotel, but avoid the bar unless you have a suitcase full of money.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or695-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Oasis in Mayfair,"We really enjoyed staying in this hotel.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and the service was great. Our breakfast everyday was hearty and delicious.  Our kids' room was situated perfectly right across the hall from us in our own little wing.  The rooms were clean and comfortable, and an overall good value. The neighborhood is beautiful and location prime.  Thank you Fiona and your whole staff.  Our trip to London was wonderful and our stay at the Washington Mayfair was a big part of it!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or700-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous London hotel in great position,Have just enjoyed a wonderful weekend at this hotel. The room was spacious and comfortable as was the bed which delivered a great nights sleep. The staff were very friendly and we indulged in some fabulous cocktails !!! Breakfast was excellent with lots of choice all freshly made and served with great coffee. Would recommend and return.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or700-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Quality hotel in central London,"Pleasant surprise on arrival: we were upgraded to a suite! Beautiful room, very comfortable bed and complimentary chocolates and fruits. Located in the heart of Mayfair, it is just ideal for a short break in London. Piccadilly and the theatres are on your doorstep along with a plethora of excellent bars and restaurants nearby. Staff is courteous and efficient, Wi-Fi is free, I would not hesitate to recommend as one of the best options if you appreciate good value for money. Although it did not manage to spoil our stay, I would like to mention that our bathroom was clearly tired and we had to call maintenance to fix a problem, the management should address this issue to avoid future complaints.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or700-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant stay,The Washington provided a wonderful base for my recent trip to London. The staff were amazing and very attentive and the room was perfect with every facility you could imagine to hand. The location of the hotel is so convienent and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or700-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location- Exceptional customer service!,Stayed there for 10 days in Jan 2014.Rooms very comfortable with heated towel racks in bathroom a nice touch! Great location..easy access to tube or buses..and Buckingham Palace an easy 10 min walk. Concierge desk was exceptional!  Very helpful and friendly staff...definitely will stay there again when in London.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or700-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very impressed,"My family and I stayed at the Washington Mayfair Hotel for two weeks.  As we settled in our room we have received a hand written welcome card from under the door which I thought was a nice touch. We have also received a complementary bottle of water, box of chocolates, and small fruit basket. Lovely. Thanks. The location is just perfect, in the heart of central London. Within close range and walking distance to the Hyde Park, Green Park, Marble Arch, the West End, Oxford Street amongst other touristic attractions and diplomatic addresses and shopping streets. The staff were welcoming, helpful, professional and polite. Only one room service member of staff was a bit unwelcoming as he served us on two different occasions with the same negative attitude. Another little incident was…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or705-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"The rooms are very good. Spacious, modern and very clean. Staff at reception is great. Very helpful, friendly and always avilable to help. The hotel is just a few minutes from Piccadilly circus,Buckinhham palace and other main atractions. I hope to stay here soon again. ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or705-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sunday night at The Washington,"Arrived quite late and didnt sleep well owing to a lot of slamming doors and general noise in the corridors up to 1am. Apart from that, the rooms are very nice and comfortable and the breakfast (and staff) was also very good.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or705-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"This is a good place for business and pleasure alike.  It is perfectly located just off Berkley Square, the rooms are clean and quiet and the staff are attentive.  There are if course better hotels around, but they cost a lot more than this friendly and cosy little hotel.  Well worth a visit if you prefer to pay less than £300 a night.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or705-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","great location, nice hotel","I just stayed at the washington mayfair with my daughter 12 December. The hotel was clean, comfortable and perfect for exploring london. Some lovely little bars and restaurants literally across the road in shepherd's market. We particularly liked Sofra (lovely Mediterranean with great service and food) The hotel is short walk to Oxford street,  and the tube. We had a great self service breakfast with lots of choice. There is a tesco express across the road for any thing you may have forgotten ( we needed paracetamol for the morning after the night before!) Also a taxi rank . We would choose this hotel again for price, location, and service.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or705-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"One thing that stands out straight away with this 4* hotel is how friendly and helpful every staff member is.We went for 1 night, theatre & hotel break. Check in is 2pm, Check out 12. Hotel location is less than 5 minutes walk from Green park tube station, and Ritz hotel, and about 15 minute walk to Picadilly circus. Immediately across the road is a Tesco shop and coffee shop. Room was comfortable, clean and tidy, mini bar, tea/coffee & kettle, hair dryer, good toiletries. Large windows, but our view was an office block across the road, plus we had scaffolding outside which darkened the room, but otherwise would give a lot of natural light.  2 lifts to access floors. Free wifi, which doesn't need a password. The hotel had a Christmas Function on in the restaurant, but they still…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or710-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Modern, high quality comfort","My friend and i stayed here after a night out. The room was really nice, looked great and incredibly clean with everything in perfect condition. The only view we had from our window was the side of another building, but this really wasn't an issue from us as we were not really in the room other than to sleep and shower.  We returned early in the morning and had no problems, the only inconvenience was that they were unable to call our friend a cab to take her home. Overall, staff were friendly enough and the hotels location was great.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or710-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, not the Cleanest","My wife and I stayed here while attending a corporate event nearby.  It was a nice enough place but our room and the restaurant didn't pay a lot of attention to detail in cleaning.  The room actually had a 2 inch screw on the carpet at the foot of the bed - not under the bed - on the floor and there were just some tell tale signs that it really hadn't been made up well.  And the restaurant had crumbs on the table.  It had been re-set with new glassware and silverware, but still had the last patron's crumbs on the table and in the chairs.  We would probably go back.  The staff was certainly courteous and helpful, but the staff should take just a little bit more time.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or710-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What a wonderful hotel and very attentive staff !!!,"We stayed here for a romantic anniversary weekend on 28th November 2014. The staff and hotel exceeded all my expectations. We even had complimentary upgrade because of our special weekend. I would definitely stay here again when in London.  The hotel very clean and very local to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly. It you like your home comforts you will like it here !!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or710-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location, helpful Staff, good rooms at a cheaper price than its Competitors","My wife and I stayed here for 1 night for a shopping/dining trip to London. This was our first time here, and we chose it as our usual hotels just seemed so expensive this year, and this was about £60 cheaper for B&B for 2. It was an excellent experience, and we shall stay here again. We arrived early at about 1pm and our room was not ready, but Reception advised us that we had got a room upgrade which was pleasing news. Staff took our cases away for storage, and we made the 10 minute walk for shopping in Oxford street and Rregent Street. On our return, the porter volunteered to take our bags up to our room without me needing to ask. Our room was 102 which was a very large and comfortable room with a settee to sit on between the bed and window. The bathroom was large and clean,…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or710-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Turned a good trip into a great trip,"Travelling for work can be a bit stressful and choosing a good hotel in a great location can help turn thing around.   The Washington did just this for me.   I arrived worn out and departed renewed.  The nearby barbers called Geo F. Trumper is a shop you just have to visit,  seriously a hidden gem ,  great staff and 5 start service please guys treat yourself and check them out when you visit London.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or715-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, hidden away","Stayed for one night, double room. Very clean and well presented. Walked from Green Park tuvbe station, literally 3 minutes away.  Check in was smooth and quick, room was perfect. Tried checking in at 12, but no rooms available so just dropped off bags.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or715-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","""Great location""","Stayed at this hotel on a Friday night for a Christmas party nearby. Booked on line and thought the cost was very reasonable for it's prime location in Mayfair. I emailed ahead and requested a quiet room, knowing that it is situated on a busy road and hoping for a peaceful nights sleep after the excesses of the party! We were allocated a double room on the 7th floor (718) at the back of the hotel and I was pleasantly surprised to find that it had been recently refurbished to a high standard. Admittedly, it was on the small side, but for one night it was more than adequate, with a comfortable bed, double glazing and quiet AC. The bathroom was a good size and had also been completely refitted.  I wasn't expecting a view but, on opening the curtains, I was greeted by vast amounts…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or715-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair hotel that's just right!,"Stayed at this hotel on Saturday for a shopping & theatre weekend with friends.  Very good hotel, friendly staff, great room.  Cannot find fault.  The location is perfect for Soho and West Ending shopping.  Great little pubs and restaurants local to the hotel for quality and reasonable food!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or715-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our stay immensely!,"Staff helpful, polite & welcoming. Stayed here overnight for a Xmas party at Sheraton round the corner. Breakfast was well cooked & good quality.   Accommodation was very comfortable. The only negatives were the usual gripe about lighting being totally ridiculous for applying makeup (send standard in hotels these days) and no biscuits with the tea tray. (I get hypo's when my blood sugar drops so always handy to have some)",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or715-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What a stink!!!,"We booked this hotel because of it location which is very good. But unfortunately it did not live up to its claims on their web page. We arrived in a taxi outside the hotel and struggled with our bags while the doorman ignored us and just looked the other way. Check-in was quick, friendly and efficient but I was surprised that instead of just taking a print of my credit card they actually put £50 on it in case we used anything from the mini bar. We had requested a twin room but we arrived at the room to find a double. The room itself was dark, drab and the chair by the bed had a disgusting stain on it!! But by far the worse was the dreadful stink of cigarettes in the room. We phoned reception and asked them to please change our room. The second room was marginally better, a bit…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or720-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean but souless :(","No-one can deny that this Hotel is in a great location, but that is about all I found good about it. We arrived by taxi, two not as young as we were ladies with overnight cases.  The doorman looked the other way and offered no assistance to us!  On check in, we were asked for a credit card deposit of £50.00 and I will go back to this in a moment.  We were sent off to our room on the 5th floor (again no offer of help with our bags).  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the strong smell of stale smoke, a dull, depressing and small room.  We immediately phoned down and asked for  another room.  This was done immediately and we re-located to the second floor.  A larger room, slightly less depressing.  Now back to the mini bar............... it was empty!  It was located in…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or720-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny bed, tiny room.. No double glazing.....","This isn't a cheap hotel and I think u are paying for the fact it's in Mayfair. Room was tiny, standard double and the noise from the street as we'll from the hallway was bad. The room was clean but the fixtures in the bath were hanging off and a plastic shower curtain. Also 2 for 1 in the bar advertised for 5-7pm but this was not the case due to a private function but the bar was still open......",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or720-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for a London Hotel. Great location,"Warm, clean, great location. If you don't want a huge breakfast (Continental style) you could easily cross the street to Cafe Nero (Italian style: muffins etc cappuccinos, espresso coffee ) or walk to Pret a Manger, some 2 minutes, or 10 minutes to Le Pain Quotidien. Green Park metro station very near. Direct line from Heathrow - Piccadilly line (5.70 pounds if you buy a ticket, 3 pounds if you pay with an Oyster rechargeable card or any contactless bank card. See the London public transport webpage for details). Look for the elevators that take you from the platform to the street.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or720-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,"The Washington is in a great position for everything. Can't fault it although it was so very quiet it made us think of an old people's home! Efficient lift, comfy bed and plenty of hot water.....all we needed.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or720-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel in great location,"Having stayed in smaller boutique hotels on our last few trips due to the impersonal nature of many large hotels, we chose this one due to booking late and it being available at a reasonable price in the location we wanted. No great expectations, but we were delighted to find we had been upgraded to a Junior Suite - a good start. Overall we found the hotel comfortable, in a great room where we slept well. Breakfasts were excellent and the bar staff attentive. The reception staff and concierge were friendly and helpful, and we felt very much at ease. Just what we wanted from our stay. Location is good, close to Shepherds Market with good eateries, and an easy walk to Green Park / Hyde Park / Buckingham Palace or to Piccadilly / Regent Street / Oxford Street",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or725-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located..good experience..,"The highlight of the hotel is the location. 5mins walk from Green Park tube station, Hyde park, Buckingham palace, shepherd market. Place offers easy accessibility to tourist attractions in London like Big Ben, London eye, tower Bridge, Piccadilly, Bond Street, Oxford street etc. Since was staying here for business purposes, Canary wharf is 20mins from green park. Hotel room was nice & clean. Well maintained. Room service was good. food was decent, not spicy for my taste buds but good.  Their breakfast spread was good, loved the croissants (vanilla/butter) & the Danish pastries. Staff at the restaurant was courteous too.  ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or725-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sooo worth it,"Have stayed at this hotel twice. And the next time I'm in London, I'll stay again!  The clerks and bell captains are great - they remembered me from the first visit.  The location can't be beat - across from St James park, close to the Underground, and several quaint areas nearby. Brought my daughter the second time - and she too loved it.  Rooms are a bit small - but hey - it's London!",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or725-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for shopping & weekend break,"Stayed over the weekend 22nd Nov. Couldn't fault the service from checking in through to checking out. We got upgraded to a room on the 7th floor which was very spacious, clean and well equipped. Great night's sleep on a very comfortable super king size bed. The hotel is also well located for shopping Oxford St, Regent St and Piccadilly are all just a short walk away. We didn't eat in the hotel on the evening as spoilt for choice with so many restaurants of all types on the doorstep. Buffet breakfast was good and plentiful.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or725-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great break,I stayed at this hotel on Saturday 22nd Nov for a short weekend break with my wife and son and all I can say is thank you to each and every member of staff. This is a great hotel in a fantastic location that we could not find fault with. The room was just perfect with brilliantly comfy beds and we didn't want for anything. From the time we checked in to the time we had to leave we really felt relaxed and totally stress free what a change to the norm.  One thing is for sure and that is that we will return because you don't find little gems like this very often.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or725-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good clean hotel,"Check in quick and polite. Room was a twin very modern and spacious, clean well equipped bathroom. Only negative comment was we went for a cocktail in the bar at 10.50pm given the drinks list, went to order cocktails only to be told 'no' were not making them this late!!! Then why have a list?? Ended up with 2 soft drinks!! the bar itself was full of dirty plates, glasses and no attempt was made to clear any if them. The two guys working behind the bar... Need to learn a bit of customer service as we were not the only people on a Saturday night who were disappointed with the lack of cocktails!!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or730-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location shame about the hotel,"Stayed here for one night on business. Really disappointed on arrival, I thought the hotel was dreadfully shabby and quite grubby. Corridor to my room smelt very strongly of food as did my room, also the room was very hot but I was unable to open the window - smelly and hot - not a great combination.. also looked out onto fans so noisy too. Other annoyances too numerous to mention. I arrived late and did not have time to change room. Staff ok but seemed to imply that as I had booked via laterooms.com this was somehow my own fault.. paid £397 for 2 rooms for 1 night so not really the cheap seats..! I could not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or730-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Valu and Location,"I recently stayed at the Washington Mayfair Hotel on business, and liked the hotel and its location. The area is excellent as you are near many great restaurants, pubs as well as close to the Green Park underground. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and the staff is very friendly. The restaurant offers great meals, and the bar is very nice to go and wind down at the end of the day. I would recommend this hotel for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or730-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rough weekend,"My husband had been staying here since Monday for business and had mentioned that his room was a little noisy.  I arrived on Thursday night and found out my husband has a gift for understatement.   First of all, we were about 15 feet from the elevator corridor.  That would have been fine, but there was a door separating the rooms from the elevator - a door that did not close quietly.  As a matter of fact, it banged every time someone walked to or from the elevator.  It did not appear to have a damper or any stripping on it that would keep it from slamming.  Additionally, the windows to the street were very thin with no seal to keep the noise out when closed.  Every dog, every garbage truck, every cab door slamming could be heard all night.  After the first night's stay, I had to…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or730-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant oasis of calm and good service,"Our group of 20 met at the Washington Mayfair for dinner and drinks, and very much enjoyed both the meal and the very relaxing atmosphere of the spacious bar area afterwards. It seems to be something of a hidden gem, as the restaurant area did not seem very busy for a Friday evening, maybe out of season. The staff were very attentive and helpful, the meal was good and very efficiently served, and the   young barman coped very well with the possibly unexpected influx. My colleagues commented that there was a very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere here, and we will undoubtedly want to return at some time.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or730-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"We stayed at the Washington hotel at the end of October 2014. The hotel is perfectly located. It is less than a 5 minute walk from green park tube station and it is a short walk to Bond street, Piccadilly Circus, and Regent street, which are the main shopping streets. The wifi connection was great and it was free. We were very kindly upgraded to a superior room which looked like it had recently been redone. The room was modern, spacious, and clean. The only downside was the rest of the hotel was quite dated. Overall you can't beat this hotel for location and the price was very reasonable.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or735-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Dont be put off by the foyer,"I stayed here with a group of 10 colleagues and have stayed before.  Firstly, unlike many older hotels, the rooms are far better than the foyer, corridors, stairwell and lifts. This could put you off to begin with but I would rather this than the other way round.  The staff were very good in both the concierge and at the receptions desk. We had a problem that one of my colleagues had been missed off their list of guests. They got him a room swiftly without a hint of fuss.  In the room itself, the bathroom was old but everything worked well and was spotless. The bathroom products could have been of a better quality for the price paid for a room.   The bed was comfortable, the Wi-Fi worked well as did the TV.  Only downside on my room was the gap between the door and the carpet.…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or735-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location. Comfortable. Clean.,Stayed at the Washington Mayfair in October 2014. Excellent location close to Green Park underground. Quiet neighborhood and easy to walk to various locations. Clean accommodations with friendly staff and strong Wifi connection in the room. Would definitely stay here when visiting London again. Business hotel so it's not crowded with tourists and families.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or735-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very old,"Very centrally located Close to parks While the rooms were decently clean, they were small and the fittings were old Even the lift didnt reach all the floors, so one had to lift luggage over a flight of stairs to rooms.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or735-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A great location and a good value,"I stayed here twice on a recent business trip, having picked the hotel because it is easily accessible from Heathrow, and because compared to other hotels that looked acceptable, this one was reasonably priced.  Remember, we are talking London, and nothing is truly reasonable priced. The first impression is not great.  The entrance and lobby are modest, at best.  But, the rooms are nice to very nice (I experienced two of them), the staff friendly and helpful, and the breakfast more than adequate.  And did I mention the great location--easy access from Heathrow and right in the thick of things for visitor activities.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or735-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A good overall experience,"I stayed at the Washington Hotel for 5 days during October 2014. Room Only board cost me on average £177 per night (the rate varied from one night to another) which was pretty reasonable for fashionable Mayfair.  The hotel is located in Curzon Street which is around 5 minutes walk from Green Park tube station and there are plenty of taxis that pass by on a frequent basis. For the more energetic there is also a 'Boris Bike' station on the opposite side of the road from the hotel.  I was given a room on the first floor just above reception facing outwards from the front of the hotel. Unfortunately, the double glazing was not particularly effective and I could hear every car that drove by as well as the conversations of people who passed by below. I decided to put up with this…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or740-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good experience,Good location near the green park tube. Tesco's minimart across the street and many Mayfair restaurants nearby including the newly popular Burger & Lobster. Pleasant walk to bond street and Oxford street shopping. Extensive breakfast choices. Room is large by London standards. They appear to be recently renovated. Hallyways and lifts could do with a refurbish. I think they were upgrading the lifts. No complaints. Would stay again if I need to be off Picadilly part of London. Near Hyde park and shepherds market.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or740-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"I've been in this hotel just for one night. Rooms are well refurbished but too noisy. Food in the lobby restaurant have been a nice suprise. Attentive staff,great breakfast and within walking distance of many of London's historic sites.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or740-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",RECENT WEEKEND STAY,"Recently stayed for a long weekend--wonderful room! Service standards excellent. Great food--great room service. Hotel is an excellent location with plenty of fine restaurants close by,however food in the hotel is very good and reasonably priced. Special thanks to Annette[general manager]! Mark+kate",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or740-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Electrifialingly not safe,Well if you want to be electrocuted and burnt by the kettle and crushed by the mini bar precariously balanced on the hotel safe - stay here!! Corridors edge of carpets plenty of dust but rooms clean and location for good food,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or740-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"We only stayed the one night and what I saw of the hotel I couldn't find fault with it, seems as it's going through some sort of refurbishment so things like having one lift etc isn't off putting by any means!  Attentive staff,great breakfast and within walking distance of many of London's historic sites.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or745-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hospitality at it's finest,I stayed last week for two nghts whilst on business in London. Being a hotelier myself I tend to be somewhat critical when it comes to hotels. I must say I couldn't fault the Washington. Fabulous location. Professional and friendly staff. The highest of standards. Well done. I highly recommend this hotel for any type of trip.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or745-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,I stayed here the weekend just gone with my boyfriend. When making the booking I mentioned that we were having a weekend in London for his 25th birthday - the hotel upgraded our room for us and gave us a deluxe room which was very much appreciated and a lovely touch. The barman Cosimo was great - had a cocktail there before we headed out and he was very friendly and gave us his recommendations. Mostly the staff are all very friendly. Room was lovely especially the bathroom. Hotel has a great location and very reasonably priced in comparison to others!,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or745-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of confirmed reservations when celebrities are in town,"The hotel is in an old building but it can easily satisfy your tastes for a certain budget. It is ideally located in a central area which give you the liberty to move freely around London, considering that the tube station is quite near.  The restaurant is fine and food is nicely cooked and served.  If you have a confirmed reservation, make sure that your reservation still stands as I had the unpleasant surprise of being relocated for the first night in another hotel due to the fact that an Indian movie star needed more rooms while shooting on location in London. Never mind the reason. A good hotel should never ever do something like this on a confirmed booking. It happened in 2007 and hopefully things have improved since then.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or745-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice place, great location","A nice place in a great spot. Our room wasn't too over the top, fairly traditional. Lovely walk to Cork St galleries, Piccadilly or Hyde Park. All staff were very helpful especially concierge. Entry decor is a little staid and the hotel being an unusual shape has a lot if corridors but it really wasn't an issue.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or745-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Only one issue ...,"Hotel and room were clean and well-appointed, and location is great, so nothing to complain about there.  On my last day however, I was told by the person that delivered my wake-up call that taxis were busy that morning, so if I wanted one he could make sure I got one. Not having any reason to disbelieve him, I accepted the offer. In the cab to Paddington, I noticed there was no meter and upon inquiry was told there was a fixed price of 26 GBP. Given that I'd paid 13 GBP for the same trip in the opposite direction two days earlier (when traffic was in fact busy, unlike 6 a.m. on the day I left), I realized I'd been fleeced. Thirteen pounds isn't the end of the world, but it left a bad taste in my mouth and coloured my opinion of the Washington. Note to management:  if you save a…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or750-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",In the heart of Mayfair - It may not be the Ritz but neither is the price,"We recently spent three nights in London to attend a couple of weekend events in Hyde Park and wanted an affordable centrally located hotel within easy walking distance.  The location couldn't have been better as the Washington Mayfair, just off Piccadilly, is about five minutes walk from Green Park tube station and ten minutes or so from Hyde Park. It is also about 15 minutes walk to Oxford Street and about the same to Piccadilly Circus: Green Park and Buckingham Palace are also just a stroll away.  The hotel seemed to be undergoing some external refurbishment work in one section but this didn't affect us and we were delighted to find that our room had a balcony looking out over the chimney pots of Mayfair - rather like a scene from Mary Poppins!   The room appeared to have…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or750-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice hotel","We stayed at the Washington Mayfair in 2013 and it was the perfect place to be.  It is conveniently located near the Green park train/subway, Green Park and Hyde Park.  it is also in a high-end area of town with good restaurants and shopping near by.  There was even a ""local"" coffee shop as well as a convenience store around the other side of the block for grabbing food/snacks (at a reasonable price) on your way to sightseeing. The rooms were pretty, spacious and comfortable...we got a real king bed (hard to find in Europe) in the Deluxe Double style room & lucked out with a room at the end of the hall, opposite from where the elevator was.  The hotel was partially under construction during our stay but it wasn't too much bother because we were out & about during the day....I…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or750-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Quite Happy,"The Washington has more thumbs up than thumbs down. Thumbs up is the staff from the front desk at check in, to the concierge, to the breakfast staff, to the bar staff & room service. Never a shortage of a table or service for breakfast, even breakfast for the hungriest person is plentiful. We never used the restaurant as we always were eating out, or we had snacks in the bar area. The barman Cosimo a very nice man that will look after all your needs, Sushil that filled in for Cosimo on his day/days off was excellent as well. They both loved hearing your stories and also treating you like a human being.. Thumbs down >>>> Air con wasn't able to be turned off, but able to be turned up or down. With turning it up and down to get desired temp caused me to get a bad cold which I…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or750-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Stayed here last weekend for two nights.  The staff were really welcoming, helpful and polite. Great location, really close to green park tube station ideal for Piccadilly Circus  & Buckingham palace .  Our room was very comfortable, very clean and had everything we needed, lovely toiletries and bathrobes. Breakfast was very good, plenty of variety, and hot.   I would recommend this hotel, without any hesitation.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or750-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Smoky Joe's,"I have just returned from a 2 day stay at the Washington.  The location is great, near to Green Park tube station and a walk in the parks nearby were a lovely to start the day.  However, our room left a lot to be desired! Firstly and most importantly as  two non-smokers it smelt as though a chain smoker had been ensconced full time in the room for the past 10 years - it was appalling and prevented me from going to sleep.  Some of the lamps didn't work either and the feather duvet was covered only by two loose sheets so I have concerns regards the hygiene of this arrangement.  The view out the widow was also onto a brick wall. I may consider a return due to the location, but will check with hotel that the room standard is improved.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or755-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Treated like royalty,"We were given our stay at the Washington Mayfair as a present from our sons and loved every minute of it. Everything about  the hotel was really great, from the excellent accommodation and service to the fact that we were treated like royalty - everyone couldn't do enough to ensure that things were as near perfect as is humanly possible. We look forward to returning in the near future.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or755-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"Fantastic great looking Hotel in central. Really enjoyed our stay, great service, fantastic location and wonderful looking hotel. Whole stay was really exceptional from the reception desk up to restaurant service.  Will definitely coming back and will recommend our friends.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or755-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good, but not good enough.","I had a little bit of trouble with this review.  The hotel is actually pretty nice. Its clean comfortable and in a good location. Its 5 minutes walk from Park Green tube station and there are lots of places to eat and drink just on the doorstep including a kebab shop, brasseries, pub grub and restaurants. There is also a tesco express just over the road. All in its pretty convenient location in a nice area.  When I checked in I was upgraded to a better room, the room had cost £180 for the night (paid for by work) I mention this because here's where I had trouble.   I had a nice enough stay for the evening because I wasn't paying and because if you are a regular to London you learn to forgive a lot by telling yourself ""well that's London for you"".  My room was on the first floor…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or755-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant Location, just off Piccadilly Circus","Stayed here for a school reunion in October 2013. As a group booking we got a very good discount off the rack rate, otherwise it is not a hotel I would ever be able to afford. Blown away with the service, facilities and location. Magnificent. Breakfast buffet was excellent. Location is even better. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly and Leicester Square. Cannot rate it highly enough!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or755-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",So-so experience,"The good: well located for attractions; bathroom was nicely updated; good closet space; breakfast was included in our stay and had enough choices to be an acceptable start to the day; very helpful concierges; perfect wi-Fi on the first floor, at least. The not-so-good: don't expect to hear any British accents here, which disappointed us just because we were looking forward to that beautiful Engish way of speaking; numerous frustrations with the room and lack of fixes -- lamps not working, phone by bed not working, after the first day, we could not get washcloths again and only had one to begin with; bed quite uncomfortable and friends with us reported the same in their room; one of two elevators still not working - a situation reported in reviews from weeks and weeks ago;…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or760-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A fabulous hotel to stay,"We spent a fantastic couple of days at the Washington, Curzon Street. The hotel was perfect, all the staff were attentkve and polite. The rooms were spacious and well appointed.  The location of the hotel is fantastic for a vast number of major attractions.   The breakfast was great and varied.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or760-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent base,"Stayed here during the last week in August.  A lovely hotel, very accommodating (splitting up a kingsize bed into two twins was not a problem to the Housekeeping staff at all).  Breakfast was good, with excellent choices.  Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or760-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to start exploring London.,"Great hotel, very close to Buckingham Palace and a 3 minute walk to Green Park tubestation and hop on hop off main stops. Rooms are airconditioned, great beds, extensive breakfast. Staff was very helpful and kind. Initially, it seemed that this is a typical business hotel but when looking better, in overall, the guests were mostly tourists.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or760-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"Stayed at the hotel for one night as part of a theatre package in August. The hotel was excellent, the staff were courteous, efficient and very helpful. The room was large with a modern bathroom and a very comfortable bed. The breakfast was delicious with lots of choice and the staff were kind and we felt nothing was too much trouble. Location brilliant with enjoyable walks close by. I recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or760-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"Stayed at The Washington recentlyfor a theatre trip. From beginning to end the stay was wonderful. Staff from reception to breakfast could not do more to help you and were always smiling and pleasant. Room was amazing, nicely decorated and beautifully clean. Breakfast was plentiful, good and lots of choice. Location is excellent, with lots of sights, such as Buckingam Palace, Westminster and the theatres a pleasant walk away. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or765-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Stayed here for one night in August 2014.  Overall a clean hotel, which probably needs a refurbishment.  The rooms are clean, the bathroom is nice and modern.  The bed was pretty comfortable, despite the huge groove that was left in it.    There are plenty of better hotels around London for a better price, but if you're looking in Mayfair - this is a short walk from Bruton Square (near restaurants like Hakassan etc)  Would stay here again if visiting a nearby restaurant.  It is only a short walk from Green Park tube station.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or765-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel!,"Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with the family (connecting rooms) Rooms are spacious and clean. Bathroom with good amenities and a great shower! Location is good, only 4 min walk from Green park and Hyde park. Service for breakfast good, free WIFI. We are absolutely coming back to this hotel!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or765-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","This hotel was absolutely wonderful, with a welcoming and friendly staff.","When we arrived it was clear that this hotel was not ""cookie cutter"". They asked for our preferences as to front or back, quietness, etc. the breakfast was fabulous and the rooms were clean and relaxing. The location was unbelievable. We walked all over and it's very close to the Green Park tube station. Couldn't be better!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or765-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Amazing man behind the bar! ,"This my first time to review a hotel, I have to say the accommodation was nice the service was amazing, the staff were friendly.  But the main reason I decided to write this review is because the that wonderful, friendly man who works in the bar the the amazing Cosimo, he works really hard andyou can literally talk to him about anything, and I mean anything.  The first time I met him I was alone and sad, so he started to talk to me and comfort me, and I really felt good. After that we became friends immediately.  This is so interesting, he have been working at the hotel for 14 years, and met a lot of famous and interesting people like him.  What amazed me more about him, is when there were two people sitting next to me in the bar, discussing some investment, and Cosimo just…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or765-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"Stayed at this lovely hotel for 3 nights bed and breakfast basis.  Our room was lovely and cleaned everyday with fresh towels.  Toileteries were lovely to use.  This is a very nice hotel, the exterior may not look great, but this hotel was opened in 1913, so it has been around for quite a long time and has history.   The interior is very modern.  Concerige very kindly checked us in on line for our flight home and printed our boarding passes (thank you).  Hotel has a very nice bar that you can sit and enjoy a glass of wine.  Shepherds Market has lovely restaurants and you can stand outside the hotel door and just look to your right and you will see this area. There is also a Tesco Express across the street.  We thougherly enjoyed our stay and will return.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or770-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Might Have Stayed Here,"The Washington Mayfair is situated in an upscale area of London on a relatively quiet street.   It is situated three minutes from the Green Park and underground.  On the way to or from the underground station stop at Pret A Manger for a light breakfast, lunch or snack.  The hotel is also three minutes from Berkley Square and another five to six minutes from Oxford Street.  It is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, St.James Park and other tourist destinations.  Pubs and restaurants are close by at Shepard's Market about five minutes away.  At the hotel there is a doorman who might greet you.  Being an American I am always accustomed to congeniality.  However, the desk clerk will bid you welcome and assist you with any requests such as storing your luggage if your room…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or770-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful weekend stay at The Washington Hotel London,"Our first time staying at the Washington Hotel Mayfair in London was a most enjoyable experience, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the food was lovely and it was in an ideal position to see all the sights. The room was very comfortable and room service was very efficient.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or770-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location Poor Accomodation,"Had booked a Saturday night for girlfriend birthday getaway. Was told at check in that they were upgrading us 2 levels to an Executive Bedroom so thought WOW! Short lived as when getting to the room it went down hill quite quickly. Firstly the bathroom was in dire need of refurbishment, very difficult turning shower on and off, bath was un-inviting and the next morning the bath still had 2inches of water from the night before, all the accessories were old and corroded, the ceiling had seen much better days and the sink was cracked. The main bedroom area, windows were old and paintwork very poor, remote for TV was intermittent as was the air con. Bed was suppose to be King bed when actually 2 singles put together and I can safely say the worst bed i have lept in. At breakfast the…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or770-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","It Was A Nice Stay, Friendly Staff, Tired Lobby","I think this hotel is undergoing a very slow upgrade.  The first impression of the hotel is its lobby, and this looks very dated and tired, which is too bad as the room was much better.  Some of the room's features was very modern like the lights, but the furniture again was tired and dated. Bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom was well decorated and the shower was good (tub didn't drain well though...).   Good modern temperature control so it was easy to keep the temp at a comfortable level.  Very quiet room even though I was right at the elevator door.  This hotel is pretty convenient to the whole Regent street shopping area and not too long a walk to Covent Garden.  I'd stay here again no problem.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or770-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",It's okay,"Stayed here three nights for business. The hotel's best amenity is its central location. The rooms are somewhat outdated. Breakfast was fine. Two things that bothered me were both wifi-related First, the wi-fi was down or spotty the first two days I stayed there, so I had to use the ethernet cable. Second, internet access was supposed to be included, but I was charged for internet access. I was told by the front desk this was because I used the ethernet cable (apparently just the wi-fi is free), which I used because the wi-fi was down. I finally got the staff member to waive the internet charges, but only after I was annoyed. This guy seemed to be an outlier though. The rest of the staff members were polite and friendly.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or775-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location - No Way 4 Star,"Excellent location for getting around the city. Bit grim from the outside  but was quite surprised and impressed when we walked in.  Clean, modern - didnt know what to expect from some of the reviews.  Room on 1st floor - nice first impressions - clean, modern, air conditioning.  Then the niggles began - very noisy - the double glazed windows are less than useless at keeping sound out.  Tesco express across the road, so very busy, constant noise and a beggar sat outside all day/evening. Fan not working in bathroom so it smelt very musty; grab handle over bath loose, too small, stainless steel so slippy; anti slip pattern around bath plug hole area worn and less than useless - nearly slipped a couple of times; tiled floor - again quite slippy. No iron - had to ask for one and got…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or775-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great place for a meeting,"I've visited for a business meeting in the foyer, and found it to be a quiet place for a discrete meeting. Fantastic facilities, helpful staff and great choice of drinks available to serve to business partners!!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or775-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Better than average business hotel,"Stayed for two nights business visit.  Perfectly good hotel for such purpose. Central, good access to transport/underground. Decent breakfast & adequate, though fairly small, room.   I'd certainly use again if in need of a Central London business / short stay. ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or775-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Simply put, this is very good indeed. Great location in Mayfair, away from the less appealing area of Green Park. The reception is excellent, check in quick, simple and efficient. (Though not helped by self-important businessmen who think that everyone will wait for them while they send their important emails, though that is hardly down to the hotel.) Delightful room, not huge, but not minute either; everything works simply, easily and properly. Big, freshly laundered fluffy bathrobes. Wifi was fine on the first floor, by the way. Mike was just unlucky I think - see his review. Bathroom was lovely, easy to use shower, all immaculate. Good breakfast, good service in the dining area as elsewhere. I will happily use this as a regular London base. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or775-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly reasonable; but nothing more,"The Washington Mayfair is just fine. No more. No less.  The rooms are a reasonable size for London, and appointed to a reasonable standard.  But the wifi was pretty much non-existent in my first floor room, and the TV was attached to a wall with no movable hinge and so could only be viewed by rearranging the furniture or perching right on the edge of the bed.  Breakfast was similarly average. Nothing wrong with it, perfectly ok.  But nothing to write home about either.  There are two things above average about this place: the location; and the friendly staff.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or780-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel (Excellent Central London Location),I have worked in London for a long time and have probably passed this hotel hundreds on times. I have never really paid it much thought until last week and I wasnt disappointed!  Service was excellent! The room I got was superb. The Concierge was incredibly helpful and really helped me out.  I have read a couple of other reviews where there is comments on it being pricy? This is in the centre of Mayfair and for that I thought it was actually pretty reasonable. If you want to be 10 minutes by tube or can there is obviously cheaper but then you have that travel cost.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or780-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing!,"When we booked the hotel on expedia.co.uk the rooms looked modern, clean and comfortable. However upon check-in we could tell that the hotel was old and had not been refurbished in a long while. As we made our way to our room, we noticed that the carpeting in the hallways hadn't been cleaned a while and the walls were in some places chipped or had stains on them. When we finally walked into our room, we were greeted by the musky scent of days old cologne lingering either from the previous guest or perhaps a hotel staff. Closer inspection showed that the furniture had dust which had clearly been accumulating for a couple of weeks at least and the bed linen and towels looked dull and tattered. The bathrobes were so old and worn that they were literally falling apart.  My husband…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or780-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location ,good service, very attentive staff","Stayed here for a night in June, on a business trip. Location is good, couple of minutes from Green Park station. Received an upgrade to master suite upon arrival, always a pleasure. Attended a black tie dinner, but was struggling with bow tie. Neeva from front desk was a life saver, and very helpful.... Like the location and boutique atmosphere. Breakfast in morning was included, decent selection of healthy stuff and usual English eggs and sausages.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or780-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Best part is location & concierge,"Stayed for 2 nights early July.  Check in was a little complicated as the reservation was to include breakfast per my travel agent but staff insisted it was not (agent will be following up), then the door lock system literally fell out of the wall as I attempted to access the room.  The manager on duty came right back up & re-inserted it and we had no further issues accessing room.  One of the 2 guest elevators is out of order for ""upgrades"" per the noticed dated from April hanging next to it.  Room was clean and water pressure fantastic in the shower.  Bedding is just as wide as the single beds in the room - literally no over-hang so every time either of us rolled at all we lost our blanket - they should consider purchasing wider comforters/duvets.  Location was perfect for…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or780-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't match price,"London is an expensive city but I don't think the price is justified for this hotel. It is in a good location, but other than that, nothing special. The room was clean and comfortable. It was down a maze of hallways from the elevator, however. If your breakfast is not included, eat out. There are places just outside the door much cheaper.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or785-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Used mini bar and soap,"Out of date hotel, kind of stuck in the nighties. First impression was a reception staff answering the telephone as she checked me inn. Dealing with a angry customer on the phone as she neglected me was kind of a bad start. In the room the Pringles box in the mini bar was half eaten.  Morning after in the shower I discovered that the soap was well used.  Breakfast restaurant dirty cloth, and really poor display of food. Half baked bread, no tomato or greens.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or785-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great service,"Lovely hotel about 5 minute walk from green park tube station and 10-15 from Buckingham palace. Friendly greeting but proffesional on arrival. We were in room 417 which was very spacious with nice shower and bath and plenty of toiletries of a good quality.  There was internet access, TV and a safe together with tea and coffee facilities.  Good wardrobe space and a hair dryer.  On getting back to the hotel around 1.45 in the morning I needed some ice to put on my knee as I had done too much dancing this was provided very swiftly with a smile and bought directly to the room.  Good nights sleep followed by a friendly greeting in the restaurant for breakfast. There was a good choice of breakfast from continental to full English and good service from the staff.  Not the cheapest…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or785-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service ,It's like a home away from home lovely service and lovely place to be in the service and the hospitality is par excellence have come here with the family and kids.... Very well taken care of and have had the best time ,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or785-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","convenient location, good price","A short walk from green park tube station and away from the main traffic, this hotel was a good hotel to stay in. The service was good and staff were professional and friendly. The bed in the room was comfortable, clean and spacious for what you would normally get in London, however we found it slightly difficult to sleep because there are no black/dark blinds to filter out the summer light early in the mornings so you tend to wake up earlier than you want because there was too much light coming in from outside. Apart from that, everything was pretty good. Didn't go for the food so have no comments on that.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or785-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",True 3 Star Hotel,"How disappointing. No reason whatsoever to pay full price; the only reason people seem to stay is because of name your own price scams that promise a 4 star experience (this is my 6th time doing one but the first truly devastating one--thanks Hotwire). Room had no hair dryer, no conditioner, no iron, was 2 twin beds when promised a queen (can't push them together without a huge crack because of bed frame). Hotel is reallyyy old and dated and staff seems beyond miserable. A true four star hotel would have things like a hair dryer, an iron, perhaps even a converter for the outlets, but above all else a staff who didn't make it seem like your asking to check in was an inconvenience. My advice is to stay in a different neighborhood for the same/better price and *actually* get a four…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or790-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, great location - recommended","Stayed here while on a shopping trip to London. Great location just a short walk from the Green Park tube station. There's also a Tesco Express just opposite the hotel if you have forgotten something. Friendly staff. Good choice at buffet-style breakfast. Nice, clean room with comfy beds and a clean, modern bathroom. We will definitely stay here again",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or790-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, much better than the average in London at this price","I recently stayed one night at the Washington Mayfair and was very pleasantly surprised. I regularly have to go to London for work and am *sick* of paying circa £250 per night room only to stay in places that are rubbish and nothing like the 4* standard claimed. My room at the Washington Mayfair cost less than £200 and was stylish, comfortable, very clean and quiet. Well located, a great night's sleep and good value for money. Recommended.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or790-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff and great location,"We had the last room at the very end of the hall on the  top floor. It was small, but great AC, safe, fridge and nice bathroom .  Staff all were English as a second language, but were helpful and friendly.  Location of hotel was the biggest advantage, very close to tube, Buckingham Palace, Green Park, in the elegant Mayfair district.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or790-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal Location,"Stayed with girlfriends for a night to celebrate one of their Birthdays. Staff really friendly and excellent service in restaurant. All our rooms were lovely. Bathrooms very modern. Toiletries, bathrobes 5*!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or790-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel but not 4*Deluxe,"Stayed here for one night only.  Hotel is in a good location near Green Park and not too far from Oxford Street. Hotel was spotlessly clean, our room was fine and bathroom was lovely. We found all staff friendly and welcoming.  Breakfast was lovely with a good choice on offer and staff were very attentive.  The hospitality tray was stocked with very poor quality coffee & tea, no biscuits provided or bottled water, which is what we would normally expect to get. No hairdryer is provided in the room which is very unusual today. Overall we enjoyed our stay but a few of the basics need upgrading.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or795-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal and great location,"This hotel is close to Green Park underground station not far from Buckingham Palace. Most London attractions are easily accessible by underground and many are easy to get to on foot. The hotel has clean, comfortable rooms and friendly, professional staff. We got a good deal on line direct with the hotel, the price for two nights was comparable to premiere inn prices. But this four star hotel was more luxurious. Highly recommended. Eat at the nearby Shepherds Market, a warren of tiny streets, secreted across the road and housing several very good, privately owned Italian, French and Moroccan restaurants at reasonable prices and makes a decent change from eating in restaurant chains. A Tesco store is opposite hotel for all those essentials you've forgotten to pack or to buy…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or795-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"We stayed at this hotel as we had a weekend to London booked. I have to say this hotel was fantastic. The location was very good, we were around the corner from the tube station, opposite Green Park and the icing on the cake was the hidden gem 'Shepard's Market'.   The hotel itself was very modern and spacious and all the staff were friendly and polite. On our last day they were happy to hold our bags so we could continue to spend the day in London without taking our luggage. Our room was a good size and the bed was so comfortable. There was enough wardrobe space and we didn't hear any road noise of a night.  Opposite the hotel down a side road was 'Shepherd's Market'. Here there were lots of small family run restaurant's of all cultures, in beautiful old buildings and it was…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or795-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Paying purely for location!,"The hotel is in an ideal location within a short walk of Green Park tube station and is easy to find. The room was clean and well equipped with air conditioning and had a decent sized bathroom including under floor heating. The bed was a good size and quite comfortable. However, given the 4 star rating of this hotel I expected a lot more. The breakfast was poor & I don't believe that 4 star hotels should be serving cooked buffet breakfasts nor warm juice from concentrate - for the amount you pay to stay there, they should be cooking fresh food on order! Luckily, we had booked this on a deal so didn't pay full price but even at a reduced rate, it was disappointing! Safe to say, we wouldn't go back at full or even half price nor recommend to family & friends!",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or795-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very average,"This hotel wasn't amazing but it wasn't terrible.   It reminds me of your typical business hotel you would find in the States.  Minimal perks which also shows in the price versus other hotels.   It's in a good location so it's easy to bump around and hang out at other venues like the Mayfair, Ritz, etc.  I slept well and it was quiet enough.   There just wasn't anything there to blow me away.   On peeve is that they don't refill your mini bar at all during the week.    I had to keep going to the grocery store across the street.   Perk was that it was less expensive.   My cold water also went out on the last night.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel, but if the price is right...it's fine. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or795-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel at great location,"Returning after several years I found the hotel entirely satisfactory and what I expected. London hotel prices being what they are this is about as good as one will find for the money at such a central location. The rooms are a bit cramped, especially for American tastes, but again - this is not a cookie cutter chain hotel. Staff was very helpful. Breakfast very good, although very expensive.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or800-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great location,  extremely friendly/helpful staff","Stayed there for one night during a short break to visit London.  The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Green Park underground station so really easy to get to and about 10 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace so also very central. The London tour buses also stop in front of Green Park station so you can easily explore the city from there. The hotel is very tastefully decorated and rooms are spacious (not a usual occurence in London hotels!). The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, especially the concierge,  that was very knowledgeable about the area and helped us greatly to plan our days. As far as London prices go, prices at the Washington Mayfair are reasonable,  especially considering the location. Highly recommended! ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or800-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very well located, friendly staff, reasonable price","We enjoyed our stay at the Washington. The staff are friendly and helpful. The location is ideal for central London and although the hotel is very close to Piccadilly it is in a quiet location, off the main thoroughfare. Our room was a little small, the double bed was pushed against one wall so it was not a very convenient room for 2 people, however the room was clean and the newly refurbished bathroom had been done to a high standard. Would stay again and hope for a slightly larger room.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or800-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for access to many if London's attractions.,"Stayed overnight with friends, wanted somewhere with in easy access to covent garden, theatres and pubs. Nice and clean, was being refurbished outside but didn't affect our stay. Breakfast also good. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or800-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",HOTEL AND THEATRE BOOKING,"Were given this package as a gift and having stayed at various hotels across London whilst seeing a show, this topped them all.  Staff friendly, room comfortable. however couldnt open the window.  Although the air conditioning was good, would liked to have had the option of fresh air.  Breakfast was lovely in a lovely relaxed area.  We enjoyed it so much that we have booked again in September for our anniversary - cant wait!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or800-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, helpful staff - great experience!","I was looking for a conference room in central London on quite short notice and the Events Manager, Katy, was incredibly helpful, responsive, and friendly; and the conference room was beautiful. I'm only sorry that we were not able to use the hotel more on this trip! I will definitely use the Washington Mayfair in the future for rooming and for events. Thank you!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or805-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here to visit St James Palace - 10 minutes walk away. Also really near to the city centre. Good value, comfortable room. Helpful staff on reception - they gave us really helpful advice on how to get to the train station bearing in mind there was a tube strike.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or805-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overbooking disappointment,"Reception area good. Bar area good. Dining area smart. Rest rooms excellent. Hotel room? No idea. On arrival after a long trip from Lancashire and a stop-start taxi ride from Euston we were informed we could not have our room because of an ""overbooking"" (we'd booked several weeks in advance - choosing this hotel for its proximity to Buckingham Palace where we were attending a Royal Garden Party). No explanation about the overbooking was given (though it looked like a conference had been booked in). After some discussion we were told we had been re-located to the Courthouse Hotel on Great Marlborough Street and informed it was ""more expensive"" but that the Washington would foot the addition bill and get us a taxi. We were also invited back for afternoon tea the following day (the…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or805-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice reception, room and bar, could have done with a bit more sleep","On arriving at the Washington Mayfair Hotel, my wife and I were greeted warmly by the receptionist and concierge. We were early, so left our bags to pick up later, once we had freshened up and sat down to cool off on a fine May day.  The bar waitress was keen to ask if I needed anything, while I waited for my better half and the selection of drinks was priced reasonably, especially for a hotel in this location.So off we went to the Ritz for some tea and cake...  On return, we efficiently picked up our locked away bags and picked up our keys for the room. On arriving in the room I had a good nose around and was happy we were overlooking a backstreet (more to come), and everything looked very clean and tidy. There was a safe, a television, a fridge, which I didn't open, but…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or805-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable with good breakfast,"Our family, two adults and three teenagers really enjoyed our stay in Washington Mayfair. The location was excellent, close to Green Park tube station. Staff was very friendly and hotel rooms (two connected double rooms) clean and comfortable. Breakfast buffet was really good! The only minus was the elevators, small, slow and crowded. There was also some construction work on going in the neighbourhood which caused noise during a normal working day.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or805-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Understanding the business traveler,"This hotel understands the business traveler and is a really central spot for holidays too. Very centrally located near Berkeley square in the Mayfair district and walking distance from Green park, Picadilly, The West End, Savile row, Oxford and Regents streets. Green park tube station is close by.  The rooms are well appointed and modern with great bathrooms.  They provide free internet access, a huge plus as most paces will charge extra for internet access, (I could never understand this as the revenue from internet must be small compared to the plus points earned by providing it) Washington Mayfair got this right.  Sometimes the climate control doesnt work too great (too hot or too cold) but it is a minor issue.  Staff are just great and Annette Staunton, the manager does an…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or810-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful location ,"Excellent location, rooms clean and comfortable and friendly staff.  Restaurant food very nice. Wonderful base for a weekend or break in London, West end 20 min walk, royal Albert hall 30 min walk. £10 taxi from Marylebone. Don't know if I'd pay full price but special offer prices make it good value. ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or810-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location close to Mayfair/Regent st/Picadilly,"It's well located, the rooms are spacious, the internet in the room was useless. The shower was good, the breakfast was ok, if you don't mind buffet food. However my son ordered an omelette which was good. the staff were ok not overwhelming. Had to find someone for a drink in the bar. Would I return, probably not, think that Flemings is much nicer and very closely. However I was influenced by price and got a better deal here. Next time I'll pay a few pounds more and stay round the corner. The rooms overlooking the courtyard are very quiet, so no complaints there and black-out curtains second to none.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or810-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Top Marks,"Me and my Daughter stayed recently for 2 nights.  Perfect location within walking distance of shops/attractions/parks/palaces - so ""No"", the tube strike didn't affect us.  The hotel staff were incredibly helpful and polite at all times.  Breakfast is fantastic - just a shade below The Queens Hotel in Leeds which is worth the stay alone.  Definitely recommend and would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or810-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location; great service,We stayed for a week at the Mayfair. It's right off New Bond with lots of art galleries and upscale shops. Also near Regent Street. The concierge was especially helpful in getting tickets and with suggestions. Breakfast was included and was served (not a buffet) in a beautiful restaurant. ,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or810-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",We would certainly stay at the Washington Mayfair again.,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair for 2 nights. We was made very welcome when we arrived at the hotel and found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, also the room was ready on time as specified.The Hotel is situated very close to the underground Green Park station. It is close to the Piccadilly theatres, Buckingham Palace, shops and restaurants. The double room we had was excellent. It was very comfortable, modern and clean with all the necessary facilities. We had full English breakfast at the hotel which was excellent and again the restaurant staff were very accommodating. We would certainly stay at the Washington Mayfair again on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or815-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",we just loved it!,"second time in this hotel and again just loved it! spent a fab weekend with my teenage goddaughter. location is perfect and the staff is the friendliest and most welcoming, always smiling and very helpful. rooms spacious, clean with windows (you can actually open!), heavenly beds, bathrooms clean. will definitely come back.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or815-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",what a lovely place to stay,what a lovely hotel staff are so attentive   lovely room  fantastic breakfast  will be back in august  the best place to stay  the  b bus tour hop on hop off is brilliant we got the 24 hour ticket worth every penny    ask for discount you can get at least  £5 per person knocked off the prices.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or815-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Restaurant,"My review is actually for the hotel's restaurant/bar. We've stayed at the hotel a couple of times on our numerous trips to London, however this time we were there for our Honeymoon. I never ventured into the restaurant before, but after my first time I found myself to be a regular due to their friendly bartender Cosimo. My husband and I enjoyed the many conversations with him & I knew I had to give him a shout out. No matter what hotel we stay at on our next visit, I will be sure to stop by to visit Cosimo.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or815-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Staff, service and breakfast","Stayed one night but enjoyed the responsive and attentive and positive staff attitudes throughtout the hotel, reception, bars etc.  Having willing staff attitudes made things easy and enjoyable. The breakfast was of a good quality because the amounts in the heated trays were not over large and therefore were replaced on a regular basis. It does need a facelift but plans are well in place. We like the location as it offers easy access to the West End but has a very nice local range of pubs and restaurants.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or815-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sufficient but not super.,"Stayed on a Saturday night for a family gathering in London. We occupied standard rooms on 6th & 5th floor, used the bar & had breakfast. We had a reduced tariff matching the many special deals to be found online.   I shall start by a nod of appreciation for the staff, who were friendly & did all they can too help- but one gets the vibe that they are overworked & tired. Uniform & turnout wise staff did not depict a 4* mayfair hotel.   The hotel in general was sufficient for purpose of a night sleep although not of the feel that you were getting a high class hotel for a good price. To me facilities were more 3*. Hospitality tray was poorly stocked, only black tea & coffee. Not complimentary water. Most basic & cheap bedding on a rather uncomfortable bed. There was slot if very…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or820-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Had a great stay here, perfect location, friendly staff, lovely room for a reasonable price. Breakfast very good, great sausages, but watered down OJ? Why scrimp here after doing so well with all the other food ! Toilets immaculate and staff welcoming. Would return for sure.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or820-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not that good!,"The hotel has a fantastic location in the middle of London's high quality Mayfair. The staff are friendly & the room I have is a good size and very comfortable for London. Breakfast is good & staff are attentive. The main problem at the moment is noise - to work on hotel room in the afternoon is impossible - the area is a building site & sound insulation is poor so often woken up in the night by noise. WiFi is free but very low strength & the gym has not been updated for many years - no functioning strength equipment!!  When the building stops & if the hotel invests on good quality windows & a gym upgrade this is 5/5 - at the moment, check ig construction is still happening - if it is AVOID!!",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or820-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair Lady,"The total package was excellent - the location, the room rate and service - could not be beaten.  Room was spacious (and for central London this is unique). Newly renovated. They had a fancy dancy aircon control system that once I got the hang of it I was able to tailor the heat of the room to my needs   Very comfortable stay.   Breakfast was perfect - it's not always easy to please people at breakfast but they seem to get this just right. Great selection of food   Attentive and professional service from check in to checking out",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or820-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",taxi service a1 heathrow cars,i had a brilliant time in a exclusive hotel. as all the staff were brilliant. also the taxi services was excellent and fantastic. the taxi services was a1 heathrow cars they were smart dressed and had a very good  taxi service. as a1 heathrow  cars showed me all around London in an exclusive  car. from sjm from turkey,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or820-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, comfy surrounds","We found staff friendly and attentive. Great location for sightseeing. Rooms were clean, but had trouble working lights and needed air con as windows don't open. Not very inspired limited bar snack menu; bit over priced (same for drinks), but when consider it's London, not that bad at all. Would stay again",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or825-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly good,"Good points;  Unbelievably good location. Spacious rooms that actually look like the photos. Great shower. Good staff.  Average and bad points ;  No real sense the hotel is interested in the bar/ restaurant. The darkest corridors in the history of corridors, making finding your room number a challenge! Rubbish iron!  In summary the hotel is great if you value the convenience of the location. I can't imagine spending lots of time in the hotel out of choice, but with such incredible bars, restaurants, shops etcetc on the doorstep why would you want to?!",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or825-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but not a great base,"The hotel is in the heart of Mayfair and a few steps away from the best that London can offer however I'm not here to write a review for London.....  The Washington is tired and doesn't seem to have much of a heart to it. It's just rooms and I noticed that very few people stay in-house to relax or meet, they head out through the doors. My room was OK but my bed was awful, in fact it is because of the bed I felt moved to write.  The room was clean & tidy and staff are helpful but it really isn't a great stay.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or825-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Special Birthday week-end,"We chose this for a special birthday but, whilst it was not the worst hotel I have stayed in, I felt that it was over priced and did not offer value for money.  The room was clean and tidy, but was very small although this was supposed to be a premier room.  We requested an iron and ironing board but the ironing board mysteriously disappeared after day 1.  The fridge in the room did not work.  The breakfasts were very disappointing unless you like cold food with uncooked eggs and burnt toast.  The evening meals were ok but overpriced along with the drinks which were ridiculously over priced.  Whilst the staff were generally friendly and helpful, when the same person wishes you good morning three times if five minutes, you realise they are just on automatic pilot. When checking…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or825-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful weekend,My husband booked this as a romantic valentines surprise for me. Hotel is lovely. Staff are superb. Matthew the consierge was faultless. Nothing was too much trouble. He is an asset to the hotel. Cosimos the barman is fantastic (hope your ankle is better and we look forward to seeing you soon) He is the nicest Italian gentleman we have ever met and his cocktails are wonderful. Another asset to this hotel :) The duty manager was extremely helpful and works very long hours as he was there all weekend and nothing was too much trouble. A friendly smile and greeting from him everytime we saw him. We checked in on friday afternoon and were given an upgrade which was lovely. The room was beautifully decorated and the bathroom very classy with the added comfort of underfloor heating.…,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or825-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A night with the husband,We had a lovely meal at the restaurant there. A great selection of desserts. However very expensive. They added a service charge to our bill so my husband made sure we were the last ones in the restaurant to ensure the waiter earned every penny of his tip. (Ps my husband normally tips 10% any ways)  ,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or830-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",First class!,"Stayed as part of a hen party. The rooms are very comfortable, large and well decorated. In a very good position for all the attractions but in a fairly quiet area. It's very near to all the transport systems in Central London. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. Good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or830-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely place to stay!,Fab Location! Close to all the great areas. The hotel staff were so accommodation and friendly. The room was beautiful and clean... the bed was slightly hard and our night sleep wasn't 100% because of this. Our room over looked the road so it was slightly noisy too but obviously that cant be helped smack bang in the middle of London but we couldnt fault anything else! I would definitly go back!!,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or830-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Staff,"I had an extended stay as part of a large group at this property.  The front desk, managment, and bell service exceeded my expectations.  I felt very welcomed and people could not have been more helpful.  The location is very good - a very nice part of London and close to the Green Park Underground Station.  There is also a secluded shopping, dining, pub area across the street - Shepherd's Market - that I probably wouldn't have found on my own.  There is a Tesco Express immediately across the street for sundries.   The rooms were small, but similar to what you would find in any city center.  The baths were very well finished with heated floors and a towel warmer.  Toiletries provided, but no conditioner - there's never any conditioner - but there were washcloths.  My only…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or830-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location needs updating badly,"If you are visiting this part of London, then this is a great place to base yourself from, BUT if you are expecting a luxury experience then this isn't going to be it - yet. The staff were friendly and efficient, the hotel just needs a re-vamp (which I believe its going to  get) and once it does, I would certainly go back.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or830-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and great service,"Only 5 minutes walk from Green Park so perfect location to see in the new year, and shop! Room modern and well equipped with a very nice bathroom and powerful shower.  Some traffic noise from outside but you have to expect this given the age of the building and it's a convenient location so there is traffic about early morning. Reception, concierge, and bar staff all very helpful and excellent service. Being picky the bar itself could be updated a bit but it won't put me off staying here again. A good central choice especially if you want to walk to the main attractions or shops, and good value for a Mayfair hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or835-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, great location!","I loved my stay at this hotel. The staff were so friendly and took their time to give us directions and all the info they had on locations near by!  The rooms are cosy and have a posh feel to them, with very comfortable beds and warm atmosphere!  Breakfast was good and a great selection was provided!   Only issue one lift was not working!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or835-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Green Park Underground,"This Hotel has a luxurious feel to it, helpful, friendly staff and lovely appointed bedrooms. It's very quiet even though it's near to Hyde Park and the rest of London. Great choice of breakfast, everything clean, makes for an enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or835-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Claims it is a 4 star de luxe hotel!,"Having registered late morning when we came to collect our keys later the reception staff  could not initially find our registration document - not very efficient.   The room was a little difficult to locate as the hotel is a bit of a rabbit warren. The room was a good size, bed comfortable. The furnishings were not in the sort of condition you would expect for a hotel that says it is 4 star de luxe and that it has recently been refurbished...what is meant by ""recent""? A little tired and the information folder was dog-eared and out of date (e.g. no updated TV channel listings) and the windows were old and did not shut out the noise.  Okay, this is a busy part of London and you have to expect it, but frankly we have experienced better windows and noise reduction at Premier Inn's…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or835-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,My room was bigger than expected after reading some of the reviews. Modern decoration and very good bed. Breakfast is OK but the best thing about this place is its location right in the middle of Mayfair. I would certainly recommend it!,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or835-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable,"Need refurbishment, but does the job. Nice sleeping quality. Some things do not work as it should - such as lift. Shower is not functioning as it should. Breakfast ok. Staff - below average service level.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or840-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",sweet hotel friendly staff,Stayed there with my friend overnight.  We had an upgraded twin room which was lovely well decorated very comfortable. We had a lovely time in there relaxing before and after the show.  The reception staff and concierge were fantastic very helpful and sweet. Always smiling.  Breakfast was lovely had lots of choice staff very attentive.  The hotel was smaller than I thought. well laid out and lovely. I would definately stay here again if I had the chance as close to the tube.  was sad to leave,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or840-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in the heart of the city,"This best part about this hotel is its location. It is located on Curzon Street in Mayfair and many places you would want to see in London at just an evening walk away. The Hotel is clean, has friendly staff and a great morning breakfast for the early starter. I really enjoyed my stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or840-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel - Excellent Location,"This is without a doubt one of London's better Hotels. The service is excellent and the location cannot get much better! This hotel always lives up to expectations which is increasingly hard - well done! Rooms are good, beds great. Always on the top of the list in London.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or840-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Fab Hotel, Great Location","I stayed in this hotel back March for three nights. Upon checking in I found I had been upgraded and was welcomed with fruit and chocolates in my room (much to the jealousy of my co- workers who were also staying in the hotel) The room was very modern, clean. I found the bed to be very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times. I would defiantly stay here again.  ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or840-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Staying here felt like home!,"Staying at Washington Mayfair Hotel felt like staying at home.  Starting with the staff that made us feel so comfortable that we did not feel away from home. The managers Annette and Suman are extremely courteous and superbly efficient and so are the entire support staff of the hotel. They do deserve a great deal of praise for their excellent customer service.  This hotel is situated in one the prime locations of London and many landmarks such as Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square,  Regent Street, Oxford Sreet, Green Park, Marble Arch, Hyde Park etc are all at walking distances. The rooms, however small, are very clean and comfortable. The food here was excellent with both continental and Indian options in the menu. I particularly loved their breakfast spread.  I would…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or845-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"i stayed at the washington for a week ,once !! its good a great location juss 50 meters from green park and its tube station.a short walk from all the popular roads off london and very close to the queens palace as well the rooms are extremely tiny tho ! the breakfast is pretty good . id surely stay there again juss cause its well located and not over the top in its pricin.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or845-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, great value, recommended","I stayed at the Washington Mayfair for one night only at the weekend and couldn't complain. The location is fantastic, only 2mins walk from Green Park underground which is close to all the main shopping in London and theatres etc. The room was a good size and for the price, considering that Mayfair is an expensive area in which to stay, it was relativley cheap. The only bad thing I could point out was that the door to my balcony was broken and wouldn't close tightly meaning that it was a but noisy at night and, even on the 7th floor. Given that it's the 7th floor too it's quite windy up there so can hear the wind through the door. Overall very good. Would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or845-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Central London Location-Pricey!,"The Washington Mayfair is located within a 5 minute walk to Hyde Park or Green Park Underground.  Comfortable, modern rooms, however, somewhat pricey, but I suppose competitive considering it's location.  One sign of a great hotel is no surprizes; and this hotel did not have any.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or845-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not to be trusted,"Booked two double rooms one month in advance via Expedia and paid at booking. Confirmed by hotel. At arrival Oct. 3 was tolf there had been a ""misunderstanding"". No room available. Was put up in hotel far from Mayfair. Stay away! T Sando, Norway",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or845-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel , value for money in an expensive city like London","The hotel is well placed , a great restaurant and the the English breakfast is to die for. The staff are friendly and helpful . Rooms are clean and spacious enough . There is a Tesco express oppositte the hotel and a Muslim restaurant as well with good food ",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or850-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Clean Hotel in Great London Location,"Ive been to London many times.  Have stayed at 5 star hotels and nice flats.  The Washington Mayfair is very nice and clean.  Location is great... literally across the street from Shepherds Market.   Lacks some of the luxuries/services of a 5 star hotel, but delivers a clean friendly atmosphere.  Rooms were nice size.  Everything very clean and quiet...but not very romantic if youre looking for that.  However, I would definitely recommend the hotel to business traveler.  Id gladly stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or850-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Evening dinner,"We had dinner reservations at the Washington in Mayfair with some friends. We arrived and to be fair it looks stunning, location is brilliant and seating at the table was excellent. The conversation flowed and we ordered glass of champagne which was excellent and also ordered the starter which I ordered Thai and prawn fish cake and my partner ordered Parsnip and Honey soup. they both arrived and my starter was good but my partner didn't like the soup as it was too sweet for her so in the tradition of ""no problem honey we can swap the starters"" she took mine and i had to make do with the soup. To my surprise I quite enjoyed the soup and would recommend to try it. We ordered the main course which I ordered Seared salmon and she ordered chicken with mash.  They both arrived and the…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or850-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"Just spent a night here for a show. Fantastic location, superb room & courteous staff. Just across street from Shepherds Market & great ""street  corner"" pubs, restaurants. Best of all considering you are in Mayfair, very reasonably priced. Area doesnt feel "" touristy"" so you dont get ripped off!!  Def be going back",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or850-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location,"I chose this hotel because of its location.  Stayed for one night and was out during the evening.  The room and bed was comfortable.  The entrance door was slightly damaged as if someone had tried to break in!!  I had checked, upon arrival, that breakfast was included in my room rate and that I could have it served in my room.  Yes was the answer.  I duly ordered breakfast in my room which was very enjoyable.  However, on checking out I was asked to pay an additional £5 for this service.  This was not made clear to me when I asked the question so, although not a great sum of money, was very annoying.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or850-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality and cost effective option in Mayfair,"Location is prime / in central Mayfair so is handy for central offices and all major attractions. The hotel is under renovation and the new rooms are very nice. The lobby and bar/restaurant are a bit tired so could also do with an upgrade. Breakfast is what you would expect in London and all staff were willing to assist. In all I was satisfied given the prime location, quality bed and decent rate ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or855-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Another very poor, expensive hotel that trades on its location alone.","I seem to be on a bad run with hotels at the moment as this is the second way below average hotel this week.  For £250 a night you should expect more than just a good location.   However the hotel is very tired with scuffs, scrapes and broken fittings in both the common areas and the bedrooms. The key system is seriously antiquated and it seems to be totally hit and miss when the door opens.  I also had a non-smoking room that someone had clearly been smoking heavily in the night before. When I complained I got a perfunctory apology and a housekeeper came and sprayed a bit of air freshener around. Unfortunately it wasn't possible to move rooms so I just had to put up with the smell.  Breakfast was the usual buffet but service was poor with only one small, weak cup of coffee…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or855-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Outside Looks Are Deceiving,When we stayed here the service at check in was slow but after checking in the service sped up. The concierge was helpful in finding a doctor and he was very friendly and helpful towards the disabled. I went back to retrieve an item one time and the woman cleaning the room made sure that it was our room by having me swipe the key card. The eating area is rather small but we found that they still had a lot of breakfast foods very close to the noon meal take over. Clean seemed to be the motto and it is a very short walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or855-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but that's about it!,Good location but that's about it.  Doorman and reception staff didn't bother as we arrived. They just kept staring at us even though they were not attending anyone else.  Stayed in a suite but expected at least an ironing board and an iron. When we asked for one we got one that was burnt and not in a good state. The mattress wasn't great either so didn't have a good sleep. Decor  wasn't impressive but was generally clean. Bathrooms need desperate renovating. Room service menu and quality of food not great either. Overall not impressed!,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or855-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Love this hotel and will always stay in this hotel during my visit,"I like this hotel because is clean , modern furniture , perfect place and friendly staff plus price is reasonable . I had stays few times and I always liked the place. I would recommend this hotel to everyone who travels to London   Elham ",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or855-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel In The World! An Abortion.,I spent two nights at the hotel and made arrangements to come back after an overnight in Paris for two more nights. I checked my luggage with the Mayfair and prepaid my hotel before leaving for Paris. When I came back the manager said he gave away our room and sent us off in the rain. He denied having our luggage even though we had a hotel luggage receipt. Only after threatening to call the police did he find our bags and grudgingly found a room for us. It was filthy. The safe didn't work or the t.v.  We had full breakfast included. When I came home and checked my credit card I found that he charged us $300 for breakfast! We did not make any charges. Not even a bottle of water. My card company is following up on fraud charges against the hotel. I've travelled the world for forty…,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or860-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Failed miserably,"Potentially one of the worst hotels in its category in London. If I had paid the advertised daily room rate for this hotel (around £500 as on the reception board) I would have been outraged. As it was we had a business rate but even then a travelodge would have offered a much better stay than The Washington Mayfair. As a business hotel it failed miserably. Box rooms, tired bathroom dressed up with cheap toiletries, paper thin rough towels, a tiny bath and 1 tatty dressing gown. No mini bar (we were even asked on check out if we'd used it and the receptionist was surprised we didn't have one!) a plastic kettle, few tea bags and cartons of 'milk'. 2 hangers (fixed in) for a week's stay! When we asked for an iron to iron the clothes we couldn't hang we received an Argos Value…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or860-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and very good rooms,Great location in Mayfair with easy access to the tube and Paddington. The rooms are really spacious for London standards and the service was good. Comfortable bed and relatively peaceful at night. We stayed for just one night (attended a wedding close by) and would definitely come back here again.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or860-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very good location, average hotel","Easy walk to Tube station, the many sights in Mayfair, St James Park etc. It is just off the busy streets so quieter.  Reception was attentive.  Breakfast good with nice staff in the restaurant.  Room size was fine, bathroom, linens etc all in line with a four star hotel.   We spent four nights with two rooms. Both rooms had a rather unpleasant smell the entire stay. A stale, musty smell. I very much wanted to open the windows but they did not open. Similarly the hallways had the same smell. I noticed the hallway carpets had a thick line of dusty grime all along the edges. The rooms themselves were clean.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or860-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel very well located,"Very well located in Mayfair. Comfortable beds and rooms. For a 4 star lacks a few things; trouser press iron/board, information in the book in the bedroom contains incorrect information, some of which is years out of date. No offer of assistance with bags when booking in. Staff all very friendly, rooms on the small size but clean and comfortable. all small stuff which would not stop us from revisiting in the future. A 4 star hotel should pay attention to detail, rates not cheap but Mayfair is not cheap.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or860-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"This hotel is located in the Mayfair District of London and is an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, great shopping and the theater district.  Across Curzon Street is a great neighborhood food area called Sheperd's Market which had excellent restaurants with many countries and ethnicities represented.   The hotel itself is good but clearly it's strength is it's location.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or865-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",This review is for Madisons restaurant inside the hotel.,Had a three course champagne meal for two in Madison's lounge and it was the best meal I have had in a restaurant in a long time.  The service was fantastic the food quality was brilliant and I would recommend without reservation that you have a meal in here.  Well worth every penny,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or865-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, watchout for phone charges","I like this hotel and have stayed there a few times with no complaints.  It is well located and well run. But on my most recent stay I was presented with a phone charge of 63 pounds for a call to a local cell phone in London. It was a 30 minute call but it would have been cheaper from just about any place else in the world than Washington Mayfair. They have a very unfair scam going on local phone calls. I was told when I complained that these outrageous rates are listed in the hotel guide. No apology, no refund. Watchout!",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or865-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected.,"Arrived 9pm, departed 8am for one night stay.  First impressions were not great. Ignored by doorman. Reception unmanned and no apology when someone arrived. No pleasant chit-chat from reception just slightly sour face. Given room 629. Room was a slightly quirky shape, as built in the eaves, which I really liked. It also benefitted from a small balcony (unfortunately littered with cigarette ends - had i been staying longer i would have asked management to clear it up. This said, the room didn't smell if cigarettes in any way) which from what I could see was unusual. Modern, good spec bathroom with shower and bath. Tea & coffee and a reasonable minibar (it seems even in the current heat wave, that getting a cold bottle of water out of some London hotels is too much to ask). Very…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or865-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We booked this hotel as it was in a great location -  close to Green Park Underground which had elevators (Lifts) to all the platforms which is handy for travellers.  Having dragged luggage up and down stairs in various tube stations on our first visit to London, I was keen to avoid that.  I considered two other hotels but this one won out because it was a little closer to the station and it had free Wi-Fi whereas the other two options did not.  We got a ""classic room"" which had a full marble bathroom with bath, and the room although small - it certainly was not the smallest room we have had in London -  looked like it had been refurbed recently.  The bed was comfy and the flat screen TV was good too.  Unlike other reviewers, I had no problem at all with the Wi-Fi either in our…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or865-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"Apparently all rooms are newly refurbished, stayed in a so-called deluxe suite, way over-prized. The refurbishment consisted of a paint job and new carpet, furniture and bathroom were old. The ventilation was on all night. For four days in a row I had asked if there was anything to be done about the noise, the answer was 'We will pass this to maintenance', however nothing ever happened. Overall the service level is extremely low, from breakfast to front desk and concierge.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or870-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",ok for a short stay,"we stay at this hotel as our American friends find it handy to catch the Heathrow Express from the Green Park station a short walk away. From choice we would choose an hotel a little more central to the main tourist sights but here Buckingham Palace is only a quarter hour walk across Green Park. The hotel itself is comfortable and clean. We declined our original room because the window looked out on a mass of scaffolding poles and plastic sheeting. Our second room was great, overlooking Curzon Street. Whilst there a few days ago building work was in progress and when visiting part of floor 5 the noise was horrendous, I don't know what it was like anywhere else in the hotel. Some reviewers have mentioned the heat - just put the A/C on ! Food. At the front door look 20 yards to…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or870-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible wifi suckage!,"The location is great, people are friendly. The breakfast isn't half bad either, but wifi is beyond anything I've seen since 1995. I would rather pay for internet that works rather than this. The only thing positive, is that the wifi that doesn't work, is at least open without any complex registration scheme...",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or870-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",You can sometimes get what you want,"Stayed here for 1 night as it was convenient for the Rolling Stones concert in Hyde Park (only a very short walk, 5/6 minutes, along Curzon Street).  First impressions were very, very positive - we arrived early but check in was immediate and efficient. Whilst checking in, the concierge approached my family and asked if we wanted to leave our luggage - most impressed.  The rooms are not huge but the beds are very comfortable and there's masses of storage space. The bathrooms are plush with lots of nice touches. Think they might have been recently refurbished.  Breakfast was reasonably priced, piping hot with plenty of choice - good value for a London central hotel.  All staff were exceedingly and constantly welcoming.  When we got home, we read other reviews and were very…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or870-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",expensive!,"fantastic location but....from the first moment you have a feeling that this is not you being welcome but your credit card. Concierge not paying any attention, busy with his own business (reading something...), nobody offering any help with  luggage. Poor breakfast. Rooms are ok if you get one on the upper floors, building is being renovated now so if you're on the 1 or 2 floor you can watch (and hear) workers right in your window. It's not bad after all but not at the price they charge you.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or870-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Substandard hotel, rooms in poor shape and interior tatty","Arrived at the hotel and realised how hot the building was, when we walked to the lift the lift room was extremely tatty, one of the lifts had a hole in the wall (photo attached).  On arrival at the room the door key mechanism is very strange, not your usual swipe card. There is a doorbell outside each room, however ours doesn't work.  Inside the room, there are scuff marks on the wall. The room is very hot and the A/C does not work. The bed linen is ok, but no spare pillows in the cupboard. The wardrobe rail is far too high and I'm surprised a hotel can get away with this as if you were a wheelchair user it would be impossible to use the wardrobe (photos attached).  The in room TV is basic, no Satellite/Sky channels, and the WiFi whilst Free is absolutely rubbish (0.1mbps)  The…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or875-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One Night of Comfort,"Just a short one night stay for business.  I was in the hotel only to sleep, so no comment on any other amenities, food, etc.  Overall, the room is reasonably well updated and furnished.  The bedding was very comfortable.  The shower was good.  My only complaint was the room temperature.  Although I was coming from summer heat in NJ/NY area of USA to cool daytime temperatures in the 60's at London, the room was quite warm.  I had to open the windows to cool it down.  The cost is  quite expensive.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or875-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"Stayed overnight as a function close by, my room was very small, but was clean and well equipped. Bathroom was extremely small,very hot and air conditioning very noise even when switched off staff very pleasant check in and out was fast and easy.  Thought the price of £240 for the night was a bit excessive.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or875-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Chelsea Flower Show,"Stayed at this hotel as we could not get a room in our favourite hotel, The Cavendish. Very pleasant staff, breakfast ok but had to ask for coffee refills. No offer of a morning newspaper. Corridors have a 70s carpet and smelt of old age. Room ok but could see daylight between the window and frame. ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or875-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for the price.,"The hotel is just off Berkeley Square and therefore close to Sheppards Market, Buck Palace, Green park, Oxford Street the tube and plenty of places to eat. The rooms are compact but well equipped and bathrooms are modern and functional. Standard doubles on a room only basis can be booked for under £200 per night which is good value for the location. There are plenty of places in the close vicinity to eat including breakfast so i would book on this basis rather than pay the rather expensive prices in house. The staff are friendly and helpful and the bar can be a welcome end of day nightcap if you can put up with the ghastly music being piped out of the speakers. The hotel is in a built up area with so don't expect great views. But use it for what it is  a great location to…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or875-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant enough but lacking a certain something,"Stayed here for one night for my birthday, pleasant staff and greeting, no major concerns there. First room we were taken to had not been cleaned, towels in bath, bed unmade, clearly not been turned around. However I am not one to take these things personally as mistakes happen, and we were given another room straight away.  Comfotable bed, room spacious enough, but I was woken twice in the night, one by a random alarm going off for about 5 seconds, the second time by the phone ringing once... wierd but true.   All in all ok, I would stay there again, but I will probably try somewhere else first.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or880-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not for short people,"I have just returned from a four night stay in the above hotel. On the plus side the staff were friendly and helpful.    When shown into our ""deluxe"" double room the first thing we noticed was the view! Scaffolding and directly opposite an office block where we could see people working at their desks. Not very inspiring!!                The main problems, however were, firstly in the bathroom where the wash hand basin which came up to my midriff ( I am 5 feet tall ).This meant I had to stand on tip toes to lean over to brush my teeth or wash my face. The other problem was the wardrobe where the rail was so high that, in order to hang up my clothes, I had to drag a chair over, stand on it. and hang up  my clothes. On one or two occasions I managed to get them down again by…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or880-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel choice in London with great location,"The Washington Mayfair hotel was an excellent choice for two first-time visitors to London, England. It was in an ideal location to explore many parts of the city on foot, and had very good access to the mass transit options available for travel further around the city. The restaurants in the immediate neighborhood were good, with a variety of choices available. The hotel building itself was in good condition, with the in-room wi-fi being a much appreciated feature that was helpful, the decor was attractive, and the hotel lounge was a nice size. I would strongly recommend this hotel for any visitor to London.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or880-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Place,Washington Mayfair Hotel is msituated in central London.It is just 5 mins walk from oxford street the main market for shopping.The nearest station is Green park tube station.The rooms are very clean.They are not very big but good enough for 2 ppl to stay in.The food here is superb.There is Tesco just opposite the hotel.,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or880-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel,"This is a nice hotel, very centrally located 5 mins away from green park tube station,3 mins away from green park and buckingham palace,the bathroom was nice the towels werent as soft as i like them,but thats a minor point,the breakfast is good hot and cold a wide selection for everyone.its not the ritz but its upmarket without being snobby,bed and pillows comfortable,we dident have a great view but then this is london and i dident come to sit in the hotel room looking outside,found all staff friendly,the concierge was friendly and helpful,dont be put off by some of the reviews for this hotel, i was very pleasently suprised by this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or880-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Well located nice hotel.,"Good central hotel just off Piccadilly. Friendly staff, good breakfast and a helpful concierge. Rooms are a little too warm but the A/C in being upgraded to fix this. If you need a good hotel close to Park Lane then I would recommend this one. ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or885-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",How good your stay is will depend on the room you get!,"Location:  Good location in Mayfair, rooms at the front may suffer from passing traffic, rooms at the back won't but you will have views of brick walls from neighbouring properties. 5 minutes walk from Green Park tube station and there is a Cafe Nero (for breakfast) and Tesco Express (for drinks, snacks sandwiches etc) across the road  Rooms:  Travelled with Husband and two daughters and were allocated a twin and King connecting room (booked cheapest rooms) 111 &115. The rooms were nicely furnished and beds & pillows comfy with a good powerful shower and pleasant toiletries were supplied. There was a proper 3 heat/2 speed hairdryer and plenty of drawer and hanging space. Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on food/drink. So far I would have rated this hotel 4-4.5/5. Now the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or885-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD LOCATION,"We stayed in this hotel a few years ago because of the location which is ideal, so on a recent visit decided to stay again.   Our room was so hot and the air conditioning was obviously not working, we were unable to adjust it and the noise from the unit was appalling, like a previous reviewer, this did disturb our sleep.  Our room overlooked Clarges Street with offices directly opposite and no net curtains or blinds, so that was a bit of a nightmare especially after having a shower !!!!!      Breakfast was good, plenty of variety for all tastes.   Reception staff helpful.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or885-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The hotel's location is great, you can go walking to most of the principal attractions of London: Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, the Parliament, etc. It is also very close to an underground station (Green Park) which also can take you direct to Heathrow Airport and to other interesting places of the city. Very clean, great shower and very very comfortable. I didn't take the breakfast option, but it did not mean any problem as in front of the hotel is a coffee shop Cafe Nero and also a Tesco, where you can buy whatever you want.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or885-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",If the rooms just had proper double glazing....,"Great location and bit of a boutique style to the rooms. Fantastic powerful shower, pleasant enough room but the windows really need upgrading so that outside noise can be eliminated. This is a major weakness. In our case because we arrived early in the morning after an overnight flight and wanted to get some sleep. Very helpful manager moved us from one room to another and another again, but still the road noise was audible. Great breakfast and attentive staff I quite liked it. Remedy the windows and this place could be a gem.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or885-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Mayfair Hotel London,"Lovely Hotel, very clean, staff very nice.  Only problem was we were not told of building works taking place, our (blacony doors) opened onto scaffolding and at 6.30am building worked started.  Also the hotel was far to hot, the air conditioning was not working, now there was a sign in the lobby to say they were upgrading this but they should have turned the heat down.  Other than that there were no complaints, the hotel is an ideal location, and while I thought it was expensive to stay there I would again just for the location.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or890-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Clean friendly. Great location,Beautiful hotel. Booked 3 twin rooms. All very clean and fresh. One was smallish but didn't intend on being in hotel much so that didn't matter. Cleanliness more important. Staff friendly and helpful Breakfast was really good. Would stay there again. Central and easy to find. ,Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or890-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rip off,"Room cold. Air con/heating would not adjust.1.30 am staff couldn't stop noise..unbearable.No sleep, Luke warm shower. Milk for tea in room addled. Manager never there, she left a scribbled note of apology and a bottle of plonk!, doesn't respond to emails. Not professional and at £252 for the night a complete RIP OFF",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or890-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, good sized room","5 minute walk from Green Park tube station, in a quiet residential area. I stayed in a standard double room, which for a London hotel was spacious. It was very clean,with bright modern decor. The bed was very comfortable and the windows opened, as I don't like to sleep without fresh air. One thing I found rather peculiar was the large picture window, which looked directly into offices and a gym across the road, did not have any net curtains so I felt rather like being in a goldfish bowl, and if I wanted privacy I had to pull the blackout curtains and turn on the lights. The modern bathroom was roomy and the shower was superb, Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries were a pleasant change from other cheaper products often found in even 4* hotels. Room service was prompt and tasty enough.…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or890-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Jaded Glory,This hotel was always first on my list when I am in London on business not only because of its location and proximity to some wonderful eating establishments in the Shepards Market area.Rooms are pleasant and clean but could do with some refreshment.Staff are excellent and very well informed and can not fault it in that score at all.,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or890-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",2nd stay,"Delightful staff. Second visit to this hotel. First visit was better than our return visit. The but rooms are getting a bit worn. Beds are nothing to brag about nor is the sparse bedding.  Room services was ok and the morning breakfast buffet was ok as well. The room air conditioning unit was covered in mold and noisy. The positive to this Hotel is the location, location, location. Easy walk to many of London's hot spots. Will return to London but not to this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or895-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Would rate as 'Good' if option existed.,"Hotel is perfectly reasonable and I had no major problems. Everything was clean and staff were friendly. However there was something about the feel of the hotel, plus a few minor issues listed below, which means I can only rate this as average rather than very good, given those two choices.  The style/atmosphere issue is difficult to pin down - something to do with the decorative style which felt sombre (dark corridors) and to do with the view from my room (see below) which meant that I didn't feel uplifted by the experience of staying there.  The few minor issues I had were... 1) slow wireless internet in the room,  2) the safe battery was out of charge so my safe was not usable,  3) my 'view' was of a rooftop and the rear of adjoining buildings - so all concrete and bricks…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or895-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",12 night stay!,"My sister & I stayed at this hotel during our entire time in London. I had read the reviews & was ready for just about anything! I can honestly say that we were pleasantly surprised. We had a twin room that was large enough, at least compared to other English hotel rooms, & we were impressed with the cleanliness & location. We are both in our sixties & felt completely safe in the area, sometimes getting back after 11:00 at night. Green Park is the nearest tube & is one of the nicer stations. Across from the hotel we found a hidden area called Sheperds Market where you can find quaint pubs & little places to eat. The staff at Washington Mayfair were friendly & very accommodating! I would recommend my family staying there on their next visit to London & that in itself says a lot!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or895-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",For one night only,We arrived just after 1pm and our room was ready. The hotel staff were all very helpful and polite. We were upgraded to a king size room which was small but clean. For one night it was perfect. We booked with hotel direct so for the price I paid it was well worth it.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or895-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Handbag went missing!,"My handbag and purse went missing during my stay at this hotel in February 2013, which I was not very pleased about - this is not something you would expect to happen in a 5 star hotel in Mayfair !!  The staff were efficient & helpful however of course they would not accept any form of responsibility so now I have to make a claim on my own travel insurance which means I will have to pay an excess plus it will increase my premiums!  Good location of hotel though.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or895-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in hotel - it is fine,"Room was quite small, which is rather usual for London. Table was tiny - you could not be comfortably work there for any prolonged time. TV was placed at 90 degrees to the bed, so you either watch TV sitting on a chair, or lie in bed - not a perfect setting one could say. WiFi is advertised to be free, but I could never get a signal in my room #127. Even after the girl on reception promised to re-load rooter. Good I had Vodafone SIM card in my iPad, and did not care much about Wifi. Room service was quite good. Staff was very nice overall. Concierges were helpful. The room was cleaned OK. Location is great! Only few minutes walk from Jermin street, Ritz area.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or900-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Could do better....,"I stayed here for a couple of days a week over a couple of months. Rooms are not bad, and the place is clean, but there's not much else about this hotel worth writing about. Breakfast is poor and obviously cheap (eg tinned fruit, not fresh, and the coffee is diabolical) and the choice is limited. Dinner is awful - eating out advised! Staff are pleasant enough, but on the whole this place is a bit tired and needs an injection of creativity to warrant the price tag and location. High rooms have lots of gurgling noises from the plumbing system.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or900-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Hidden Gem,I booked this through Hotel Direct as part of a theatre break It was under the Hidden Gem heading and it was excellent service from very friendly and helpful staff Very good sized room with all the facilities required and very clean and tidy The location is good for all sorts of visitor attractions and it was excellent value for money grumpy,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or900-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Loving this hotel,"I've stayed here a couple of times now and would certainly go back. The first time  I stayed in a room on floor one around the side which was clean, modern and comfortable. The second time again on floor one overlooking the road at the front which I really did like. Staff are very friendly and the breakfast does the job too.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or900-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but not 4 star,"We stayed here after booking through secret escapes and got a very heavly discounted room with breakfast. The locations is fantastic for seeing the sights of london and if you can get it on this price deal its a bargain for central london.   Basically the hotel is tired and need a make over, I think it owuld have been 4 star 10 years ago. We have king deluxe room which is one of the bigger ones ( again through secret escapes). the bathroom was big and clean with bidet, lovely crabtree a& evelyn toiletries and plenty of them, good towel robes.The mattress was ok.   The service was very friendly and fast. The breakfast was average english buffet nothing special but edible.   I would say room and decor wise its 3 star. but for £150 with breakfast included in the centre of london…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or900-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A reasonably priced gem in one of the worlds most expensive square miles,"Hotel is located at 100m from Piccadilly, some 10 min walk from Piccadilly Circus. Has a coffee shop opposite as well asa supermarket and convenient store. Great take away on the corner too if you want to avoid extortionate hotel prices. Location is great, rooms are spacious for London standards and look like they have just been refurbished. Convenient for the Jubilee line as Green Park station is just down the road, I was working in canary wharf and much preferred to stay in town than in the docklands a short journey in the morning but a great evening in the centre of London.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or905-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly placed for the West End,"Arrived early morning not expecting to be able to check in but the room was ready. Upgraded from a classic room to a Superior, great start. Room beautifully decorated, comfortable, clean and quiet. Requested an ironing board and it arrived immediately. Ordered a bottle of wine and again, it arrived within minutes. Breakfast was delicious, couldn't have asked for more. Only gripe would be trying to get the TV put on in the bar - was a right fuss and if that was a 'large' glass of wine; wouldn't want to see a small one! Apart from that it was marvellous plus we were able to leave our bags in the safe room, after we had checked out, which meant we didn't have to drag them around.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or905-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Cetranlly located but quiet place,"I have stayed in this hotel many times and this became my preferred hotel in central London. It's at a walking distance from Green Park tube station but in a very quiet and peaceful area if you want comfortable sleep for the night. Rooms are all shapes and sizes but provide ample space. The breakfast is good but the menu doesn't ever change. The biggest plus point for me has been that in past one year, early check-in has never been a problem. You arrive at 8am in the morning and they will give you a room, which is a blessing.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or905-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Living the High Life,"We booked a Superbreak Theatre and Hotel package and were allocated to the Washington on a special deal, normally this Hotel would be out of our price range. We found that this Hotel was very understated in appearance but as we looked round and we found that all the facilities were actually wonderful, blankets instead of duvets - tasteful; underfloor heating; very modern decor, breakfast wonderful etc etc.  We both enjoyed our stay at The Washington; which is situated just off Piccadilly  and in the lovely area of Mayfair. Definitely would stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or905-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",£185 for the night including breakfast is bad for this post of town and the standard of hotel.,This is a most impressive hotel and my room was superb.  The good folk on concierge are really helpful and overall the hotel was very pleasant and has that luxurious but homeless feeling. The is free Wifi in the hotel and it worked.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or905-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Still a long way to go to improve,"Had three nights here on business.   First impressions were not great. No Staff at the door, Foyer is a bit drab , a line of fake leather sofa's look naff. Gives the impression of a hotel that has seen better days. On arrival at reception the girl's English was not great and she could not understand some of my questions. One of which was about a Spa treatment booked in advance for my wife, she had never heard of any such spa! The duty manager had to come out and confirm the booking. Not an impressive start.  The rooms though seem to have had a recent refurbishment and were quite comfortable. However on day two there was no hot water in the morning, and the TV never worked properly throughout the stay. No great loss as there were few channels on it. The underfloor heating in the…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or910-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"When I planned a 5 day London trip in September, I was looking for a place in a good location close to major transportation and not too far from the classic London sights. This hotel was a great pick!  First of all, it was really easy getting to from the airport. We took the tube, right inside Heathrow - the Picadilly line, and got off at Green Park station. From there, it was a 2 block walk to the hotel. We never needed to change trains to go to the hotel.  However, if you plan to go to the airport with the subway, which we recommend as this way you don't get stuck in traffic, take the same train, but get off at Acton Town station and walk over to the other side of the platform to take the train that goes to Heathrow (at Acton town, Picadilly line splits into two, one goes…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or910-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What a lovely hotel,"Stayed 2 nights on business, and we liked it so much we stayed a third night before heading home.  Previous reviews on this site are mixed... I can only say that I found the hotel to be really good. A standard room, but it was all you could wish for - tastefully decorated, spotlessly clean, and really comfortable, with a great night's sleep.  The staff are attentive and helpful, without being in your face, and nothing is too much trouble.  Breakfast was fine, although buffet style as presented here will never equal cooked to order.  Had lunch one day - no complaints.  The big plus is location. Although pricey, Mayfair has so much to offer, and all just a short walk from the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or910-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Right in the heart of London!,"As always, the Washington Mayfair (on Curzon St in Mayfair, London) is a great place to stay.  The rooms vary considerably, although all that we saw are comfortable.  Love the heated floor in the bathroom, the heated towel rack and the shower is wonderful!  So convenient to everything - Green Park tube stop, Piccadilly Circus, Regent Street, Hyde Park.  The staff are wonderful, too; if it's not right, Annette will work with you to make it better.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or910-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, breakfast diappoints","Hotel was clean and tidy.  Very powerful shower which was excellent bathroom very clean and nicely decorated Breakfast was disappointing, poor quality meat and orange juice Room very small, door opened and then you were on the bed! Location is good, can walk to main shopping areas and very handy for Green Park tube station. Staff efficient and unobtrusive",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or910-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",What more could you ask for!,"Stayed here for 2 nights with my husband for a Christmas Shopping trip. Great hotel in a perfect location.  We walked everywhere...its about a 10 min walk to Oxford Circus.  We got it for a bargain price through Last Minute.com to so that's always a bonus.  Rooms spacious, spotlessly clean, and beds very comfortable. Also nice and quiet for the centre of London.   My only one small, and I mean very small niggle is the heat of the rooms! They are very warm, too warm. The first night was unbearable (as the Aircon is also to loud to have on during the night) but by the second day we kept the Aircon on all day so it was at least cool when you got into bed.  This would not stop me staying in the hotel again though.  All in all a great hotel in the heart of everything.  Wouldn't…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or915-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location- wouldn't pay full price!,"We stayed at the hotel last weekend to attend a nearby wedding. The hotel allowed an early check in so we could get ready and the foyer was fairly impressive. Our room was fine- what you'd expect from a 4 star hotel- clean, warm, modern in design, perfectly acceptable- not amazing though and for the normal price of nearly £500 a night not worth it at all- for the £160 we paid from a different website we were pleased.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or915-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Booked, overbooked and overlooked","Dear customer,  You decided to look through the reviews for the Washington Mayfair hotel (London), so you can decide on making the right choice of booking a room at the hotel. Let me tell you my story before making a reservation. I am from Belgium btw.  I have never wrote a review, but what happened to us made me so upset that I can't resist to get behind my laptop.  I booked a non-refundable room at the Washington Mayfair hotel in the beginning of October through booking.com. Several rooms for this hotel were offered then, date of arrival 1st December. We would stay one night. I chose this hotel due to the (good) reviews + it had the perfect location in the centre of everything, also the subway-connections were perfect for everything we were going to visit.  On the 1st of…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or915-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Lovely Hotel with Friendly Staff,"I was a little bit concerned reading the negative reviews of this hotel prior to my visit. I stayed for 2 nights with 3 friends to spend a weekend in London to do some Christmas shopping and see a show. The staff made us welcome from the start, extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the bathroom clean with lots of hot water and a decent shower. The lighting was good (very unusual in a city centre hotel) with plenty of mirrors and windows that you could open to let in some fresh air. We didn't eat at the hotel, so can make no comment on the food. There is a lovely little cafe in Shepherd Market that does great breakfast and a very lively Italian restaurant. The location is fantastic. We would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or915-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic location,located in central london makes very easy to cover historical places accessibility to metro is also convenient .hotel serves good breakfast with pretty good range and indian food is prepared well.rooms have ggod ambience cleanliness is also good internet connection facility is very good,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or915-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location!,"We stayed 2 nights at the hotel.....i love love the location! Curzon street a lovely looking street 5mins walk away from green park tube station. Theres a cafe nero and tesco express over the road and a couple of decent restaurants and pubs around the corner, including the quaint little shepards market over the road  Room was really nice, good decor and decent size and views......nice one  2tiny niggles: Cost of 2 glasses of champagne in the completely empty ( i wonder why...) bar was a staggering £24... Rip off!  Lobby looks a wee bit tired......  Summary: awesome location in a lovely street, great room....shame about the 2 tiny issues....not a prob and defo will be back!",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or920-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very average hotel in a very lovely part of town,"If you're looking for location, this hotel is great!  If you want to stay in a fancy hotel in a fancy part of town, you're better off booking at the Flemings or the Green Park.  This hotel was nice back in the day...about 15 years ago.  It's somewhat rundown and in need of a loving.  The lobby has ""leather"" couches that look like sleeper sofas straight out of Ikea.  The bedrooms are big by London standards, but nothing to write home about.    The bar definitely needs help.  Service was terrible and the table cloths were all dirty.  My mom had stayed here before and talked about how lovely it was.  She was very disappointed with the changes that had occurred over the years.  Definitely not what it used to be.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or920-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant for an overnight stay,I live out of town but work in Mayfair. I had a formal dinner to attend and this hotel Iwas convenient for dinner and work. Either I was lucky or the reviewers who have given the hotel reviews are fussy.  The room was pleasant and neither too hot or cold. The TV worked and the Internet access unfussy and very fast. Breakfast was very good although why can hotels never do scrambled egg properly ! The staff were very efficient and pleasant.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or920-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the price,"I have stayed here a number of times and to be honest its certainly not worth the price. The rooms are nice enough but have a heating system thats either much too hot or freezing cold.  The TV has a very limited number of channels and doesn't work properly. Breakfast is very average and the staff's customer service training is not what you would expect from a 4 star hotel in Mayfair. Overall its grossly overpriced (due to its location) and isn't the experience you'd expect from a hotel in Mayfair. There are plenty of other options in the area, do your research and choose somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or920-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay 17/11,"Arrived at hotel meted at reception very fast check in & was giving room 105 on the first floor, not to bad a room however noisy from outside traffic & people walking past. Nice clean room & bathroom has a mini bar with expected minibar prices. Tv in room however only 2 channels working so that was a downside should you just want to chill in room. Good location, had breakfast in room cost 20.00 full English or 16.00 continental, very good portions, overall I would give this hotel room 7/10",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or920-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"I have had the misfortune in staying at this hotel on a couple of occasions in the last few months on business trips (I mistakenly believed that it would improve following assurances by the management). From the initial entry to the hotel, where you are met by the most incompetent and rude concierge staff, the experience is infuriating. Bear in mind that you are paying 4 star London hotel prices and receiving less than B&B service. The following are examples of the poor service provided in the hotel: The tv channels are limited to 2 english speaking channels, that have poor reception and turn off every 5 minutes.  The breakfast at £20 comprises of cold tea or coffee and powdered scrambled eggs.  The gym has equipment that is poorly maintained or dangerous-i.e. running machine…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or925-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect place,I loved this place. Staff speaks lots of languages. It is Owned by indian people and the service was perfect. I dont drink alcohol so everyday They préparéd me original cocktails room was perfectly clean and beautiful . Bed was confortable and food delicious. The most interesting was the location perfect!,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or925-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Prime location but here the positive experience ends,"Overheated rooms obliging you to open windows all day and most of the evening so as to have at temperature conducive to sleep, uncomfortable beds with folded blankets instead of duvets placed inside duvet covers to make decor look ""up-to-date""! A TV that did not work properly at all during my 6 night stay .... definitely overpriced for the services it offers. Management apologised, sent us a bottle of red wine and water and macarons - and offered to change the room for our last night after a complaint made on the first night to a duty manager and on the third day to the room division manager (nobody was available on the Sunday). When on a business trip you need little more than a good night's rest and this was lacking. And if they are going to give you a different room, maybe it…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or925-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",An ok hotel in a prime location,"This hotel is situated in a prime Mayfair location - in Curzon Street and a 2 minute walk from Berkeley Square and Picadilly.  The hotel itself could be better in so many ways and reflects a lack of investment.  Rooms are bearable yet tired.  In fact my bathroom was exhausted!  Breakfast was reasonable.    One of pet hates is the queue of taxis which line up outside the hotel with their lights off not accepting fares.  However if you ask the concierge for a taxi to one of airports, suddenly the taxi's lights go on.  Anyone would think that the concierge is on the ....",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or925-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent.,"We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions and always had a pleasant stay. The hotel's location in simply perfect within walking distance of many attractions, I would recommend Shepherd’s Market, which is just across the road, with it’s picturesque streets, small restaurants and bars. The staff at the hotel were friendly and courteous, on our last visit our room was ready at 12pm and had a lovely surprise of an upgrade to a Junior Suite.  The rooms are of high standard, comfortable and clean and the breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice.  Overall I would recommend this hotel – and have!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or925-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lies, Lies, Lies........","I booked this hotel for two nights, having stayed here many times in the past few years. I arrived at 10pm, alone (female) after a 5 hour trip to be told the hotel was overbooked and they did not have a room for me. This was despite me having booked a month previously directly with the hotel and having paid in advance.  After much argument, the manager arrived and patronisingly told me he was moving me to, and I quote, a '6 star hotel in Knightsbridge' - but I didn't want to be in Knightsbridge, as I had to be in Canary Wharf for 8am. The end result - they sent me by taxi to their other hotel - the Courthouse in Carnaby Street - telling me to get them to pay for the taxi at the other end. Avoid the Washington Mayfair at all costs - the sister hotel was poor - no apology, no…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or930-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Too damn hot,This hotel was basic and cleanish but far far too hot. The air conditioning in the room seemed to be making the right noises-if a little loud-but it may no difference to the heat. This was made worse by having a room with windows that were sealed shut. Will not be returning,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or930-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Moderate Hotel,"Had a good stay at Washington. Reception very professional. Room was at standard, although not always soundproof for noise in the corridor or for connecting rooms. The location is great as in walking distance from New Bond, Regent, etc",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or930-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel - Poor value for money.,"I stayed in this hotel for 11 nights in October whilst on London on a business trip.   The positive aspects of the hotel would have to be the location - This is the strongest point of the property. Whilst looking at the hotel rates, you are basically paying for location, and sadly not service levels.  The room was clean (as you would expect) and had a nice balcony door. The bathroom was in decent condition also. However, there was a problem with the bed sheets. On my 2nd night in the hotel i noticed that there was a ""musty"" smell coming from the duvet. I called reception in the morning and asked for all the bed sheets to be replaced. The following night i came home quiet late and discovered that the bed had been made, but the duvet was still smelly. As a result of this i felt a…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or930-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel,stayed here last week. lovely foyer polite and helpful staff. food delicious service in restaurant flautless and the food is amazing.  the room temperature was too warm for overnight. could not lower the temp air condiditoning noisy otherwise amazing hotel loved it convenient for Mayfair and tube station very nearby.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or930-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Centrally Located Hotel,"Hotel is ideally located for shoppers, near to Oxford Street as also near to Buckingham Palace. However, rooms are small and the breakfast is not at all sumptuous; especially for Indians who crave for Indian food. Lots of Indian film stars stay in this hotel and for those who would like to see them at close quarters the hotel is very good.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or935-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel!,"nice hotel, with a great lobby downstairs. staff were kind and gentle, looks a bit different from outside, but from the inside it looks great. great location as well.   was just a bit more expensive that i had initially planned, but i guess the location makes it all worth it!",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or935-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Heat and Staff Apathy Dominate Mayfair Gem,"One of the least favourable hotel experiences in Mayfair. Hotel was overheated (especially on the top floor) and the concierge was unresponsive ( four hours plus to book a dinner reservation at a popular restaurant, which resulted in one reminder and consequently poor reservation times due to the delay in response.)The staff seemed disinterested. I would hence be disinterested in staying here again.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or935-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, strange hotel...","This hotel is a great location, 2 minute walk from Green Park tube station. Not quite sure this hotel knows what it is. On first impressions from the reception and staff you are expecting great things but after that it is a bit downhill.  Check in took an age, they even took a copy of my drivers licence ?!? I got an upgrade to a suite which whilst the sitting area was good, extra large bed was great the bathroom was quite small and the whirlpool bath, yes that is whirlpool bath was small. That's coming from someone who is 5ft 2in! Never mind because the shower which doubles as a sandblasted will get you clean and refreshed!! The room was also quite warm despite the temperature control being turned right down so I opened a window but then got disturb by the noise outside.  There…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or935-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great location","My friend and I stayed for one night as we had booked to go to the theatre and wanted to make a night of it. Ideally situated, near to the main attractions in London but nearly tucked away from the hussle and bustle.  Check in was easy with polite and friendly staff and concierge were also very helpful.  Our twin room was a good size, comfy and cosy.  The only criticism I would have of this hotel is that for 4 stars some of the public areas could do with a tidy up for example inside of the lifts as its looking a little shabby.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or935-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Hotel for Mayfair,"Arrived to find that we did not have a quilt cover, but a ripped sheet wrapped around a badly stained quilt, after complaining  housekeeper replaced with a blanket put in a quilt cover also stained, on the third attempted another quilt and cover still stained but not as bad as the others. After complaining  at checkout they offered us a upgrade if we stayed with them again. Mo thanks ",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or940-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite worth the money,"Stayed in the Washington Mayfair in september 2012. I had looked forward to staying in this  centrally located first class hotel in London, but unfortunately the did not quite meet my exspectations. Rooms are quite big and clean, bathrooms small, TV pretty complicated to work out, had to go through the same long introduction every time the tv was turned on, rooms was very warm, and I cold not figure out how to turn the heat off, breakfast was not really that great - and both mornings I waited for 10 minutes and then acutally I had to ask the waitress to be served and not the other way around, that is simply just no good enough for a hotel who claims to be first class.    Service at the front desk and by the consierge was good.  The hotel has a great central location, close to…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or940-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Bad hotel,A bakingly hot and dirty room.  What kind of a hotel doesn't clean before the guests arrive?  A massive crack inexpertly filled with mastick in the bidet.  You'd be better off going to a Travelodge.  They get away with charging so much because it's in Mayfair.  I think there may be a few guests here with Emperor's clothes syndrome.,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or940-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Classy but Expensive Central London Gem,"A top class hotel. Booked for a romantic break with partner, originally a king deluxe room however were upgraded to the Junior Suite just prior to our arrival! The reception/concierge is very helpful and extemely professonal (our bags were taken to the room while we went for a walk after check in). Location wise, the hotel is almost perfect, minutes from Green Park station, has a tesco express across the road along with costa coffe, restaurant and a few bars/pubs! The heart of Mayfair is a short walk away and Oxford Street is a stones throw - what more could you want?!. The suite itself was sizeable, however is a studio, so you get a big room with a large bed, sofa, 2 arm chairs and desk.  There is a jet wash bath, with shower and usual array of toiletries. Couldnt fault it,…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or940-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A super stay in London,"I was staying 3 nights at Washington Mayfair  and I would strong recommend  any traveller either on business or leisure to try this property,  Location is simple  convenient and perfect , on   the  very heart of Mayfair and we  coud move easily to any sigh of   interest of London .., walking distance to Regent Strett, Oxford Street, Picadilly , Covent Garden ect. But to me being location a hotel  key  point, the best  of The Washington was the very attentive and  friendly hotel staff we meet, either at reception ( incl.spanish speaking that was nice for us being spanish) , restaurant   or  concierge! we felt  like  being at home.  and this is what  we expect from a hotel when we  are away from home, ! thanks to hotel team.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or940-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Business Trip 2011,"Was there on a business trip. Price was good. Free wifi. Location excellent between Piccadilly, Kinghtsbridge and Oxford Street. Just next to Hyde Park. I would give 3-3.5 out of 5. Hotel is not modern or newly refurbished but this is the case with almost all London hotels. Area is safe and very accessible.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or945-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",2 star wonder,"The location is the only thing this hotel has going for it.  The service is horrible and the staff appears to be put off when you ask them anything.  The rooms were decorated nicely but the temperature was ridiculously hot. This is the second time I stayed, with the same observations.  Neither time was my personal choice or I would have stayed elsewhere.  The breakfast buffet was poor as well.  the eggs overcooked, the bacon cold. The work out room is a joke, one treadmil and it's broken.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or945-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent!,"I, too, stayed here with the CCSA program and I was fascinated with the place. The only thing I would ever have to make a negative note about is the size of the lifts, but even that wasn't something huge! I loved my stay there because it was so close to everything: Green Park Underground, various parks, the Original Hard Rock Cafe. Even the walk to Piccadilly Circus wasn't bad at all! It's in a prime location and it really was a gorgeous hotel. I would highly recommend it to anyone - and have, in fact!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or945-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service but cratered bed,"Great location, nice stroll thru Green Park gets you to Buckingham Palace. Two blocks from Jubilee and Piccadilly lines. Tesco and Cafe Nero across the street. Lovely but pricey Shepherd's Square just down Curzon Street. And close enough to walk to Regent Street, Oxford Street and Saville Row for shopping.  Staff was excellent, got checked in by 1pm, room was clean, wifi free and good in my room, colleagues reported spottiness in other rooms.   The bed was seriously cratered on the side closest to the door, as if an elephant had sat down for a while. It was no problem to simply sleep on the other side of the bed, but this bed is done and should have been removed. I'm surprised the otherwise sharp staff did not notice.  Room service ok, but all the restaurants around the hotel do…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or945-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location with fantastic rooms and high standards of cleanliness,"I stayed here for 1 week whilst on business in the capital. Whilst check in was frustrating - the fact I had to go to the caffe Nero opposite to wait whilst rooms where prepared - I had a great stay...the top were exceptionally clean and spacious! The bathroom was great, the aircon worked well and the tv was good.   The hotel is in a fantastic location, 5 min walk to Green Park tube and 10 min walk to Regent Street, Bond Street and Marble Arch.   Would certainly stay here again! ",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or945-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","First class room, hotel and service.","This is a lovely hotel in the heart of Mayfair. Great location. Great breakfast. Close to Buckingham Palace, Green Park, Picadilly Circus, Carnaby Street. Great for business or travel. ",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or950-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Sleepless night,"We were offered a large corner room. We returned from dinner and tried to get to sleep. There is no double glazing and the old frames rattled with the busy traffic down in the street. We called reception at 3am and asked to be moved and they promptly moved us to a room at the back of the building. A gigantic suite with a large dining/meeting room, 2 life-size ceramic leopards - reminders of the latest refurbishment in that room and a bedroom which was also 1980's in decor but quieter to sleep. Don't think it was worth £190 in mid-August- shoulder to low season in London.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or950-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great lodging,"i stayed for  4nights in the washington mayfair. I experienced a great hospitality.Bell boys very warm, reception desk very attentive. Even the general manger  of the hotel came and inquired my needs.Breakfast  was great. Rooms very clean and neat. Beds were very comfortable.House keeping always ket the room clean. WIFI was everywhere and free.Good restaurants and pubs were nearby.It was a very good experience.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or950-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Does exactly what if says on the tin!,Stayed on business - tired but effective west end hotel providing everything needed in terms of room and service (and the breakfast was good too).,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or950-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",High End Neighborhood,"The workout room is available 24 hours and consists of two treadmills, a rower, an elliptical (for chubby Americans), two exercise bikes, a universal weight machine and one dumbbell with changeable weights.  It is very basic but can get the job done if you are creative.  Given that most hotels in London do not have exercise facilities and, if they do, they have limited hours, this is not bad.  The staff is super friendly and responsive.  As I was visiting on business, I needed an ironing board and iron and they rushed one right up.  There is a pressing machine in the closet but that always seems like a bad accident waiting to happen.  The English breakfast was included and was a hearty way to start the day--they even threw in a Diet Coke in lieu of coffee, tea or juice when I…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or950-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded expectations.,"We stayed at the Washington for one night recently after a late evening arrival from Australia. We were sufficiently impressed to return for a further four nights later in the same trip. Superbly comfortable large, clean room, and excellent value for money for the location.  We will definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or955-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"This was my first visit to London in over 30 years,the very first was a school trip.We travelled to London on the train,( what a civilized way to travel no hassel) from Carlisle to Euston Station then took the underground to Green Park, the Hotel is only a 5 minute walk away. The Reception staff where very polite, friendly and helpful, they let us check in about two hours sooner than the check in time.This was very much appreciated as it ment we did not need to leave our luggage in the reception while we went for lunch. We where shown to our room which was very nice, king sized bed, flat screen TV and all the usual mod cons, the bathroom was lovely a double wash basin,wc and bidet and a power shower and you could even listen to the TV while showering.The room was very quiet, no…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or955-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"Stayed here during the very hot spell in September 2011. The hotel is very well located, close to the tube, bus routes, and close to an array of bars and superb restaurants. It is very well appointed with the spacious rooms and en suite which were clean, well decorated and maintained to a high standard. The buffet all you can eat breakfast was a treat. Well worth the cost and we will be returning to this hotel next time we are in London.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or955-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",a poor experience near the Ritz,"We booked the Washington as it was near enough to walk from the Ritz where we were attending a function. The room was described as a King size deluxe but came a poor second to a premier inn. The room was cramped, kettle broken milk UHT and no biscuits. Atmosphere  so hot we we had to have the windows open all the time. The bed was in fact two singles pushed together but otherwise ok. Bathroom was fine clean and all working. only two hangers in the wardrobe. Breakfast was the biggest disappointment. The service was arms length, no greeting and coffee  slow to arrive  and not refilled without asking. No complimentary papers and a hot food buffet that was woeful. The one remaining fried egg was a hard rubbery object I did not venture to try, the scrambled eggs had congealed into an…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or955-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","rooms good, rest average","i sometimes stay at this hotel for its proximity to paddington and mayfair. reception, bar, restaurant are average. the rooms are actually quite good. they are not very spacy but nicely renovated and clean. so that is really a surprise as the corridors and lifts do not have the same positive look. breakfast was ok but not more than that. the employees were friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or955-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We stayed here in May 2012 and found the location to be great.  Close to the Green Park station and only a few blocks' walk.  The Mayfair area is quite lovely and quaint.  We felt safe here to wander around to our heart's content.    The hotel room was spacious, well appointed, air conditioner worked well, clean and friendly staff.   For the ladies out there, the bath products are wonderful at this hotel, Crabtree and Evelyn honey and coriander.    At the end of the day you can eat around the corner in Shepherd's market, which has a number of restaurants to choose from, and you only have to cross the street to get back to your room to prepare for the next day.  I had booked through Orbitz online and printed my confirmation and took the printed version with me.  Luckily I did as…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or960-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Location,"A friend's 70th birthday coincided with the Jubilee hence a requirement to visit the Capital at  its busiest.  Apart from the Air-Con everything about the Washington is pretty good. The bath sported a handle - always a requirement for the over 50's, the toiletries were plentiful, very clean and reasonably maintained.  However it was the location that impressed me so much.  Everywhere is within walking distance; Bond  St, Piccadilly, Buck House and the Royal parks, Oxford St and Green Park tube. Once off the main drag, the streets are quiet and picturesque.  Shepherd's Market is across the road with a collection of individual small restaurants offering good fare at sensible prices. Armed police guard the Saudi embassy so it feels even safer.   Definitely recommend for female solo…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or960-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Quiet Neighborhood,"The hotel is in an upscale neighborhood, being one block from the Saudi Arabian embassy.  The Green Park underground station is a one block walk away.  The streets are quiet at night so there should not be a problem with noise in any of the rooms.  The rooms are very well appointed, modern but very richly done.  This was the best room for decoration out of the five hotels I stayed in while in England.  The airconditioning was too warm and we had to open the window to keep cool.  Other guest said they did not have a problem with the air conditioner.  The bath tub was not too difficult to get in and out of, a problem in some European hotels as they are often high up.  The food in the restaurant was good.  This is a smaller hotel.  Some rooms had a few steps to get to.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or960-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous all-around!,"Every once in a while, you stumble upon a hotel that exceeds your expectations. The Washington Mayfair is one such place. While I did encounter a few minor inconveniences (key didn't work, confusion over how to log on to free wireless), each was handled promptly and in some cases personally by the general manager (a lovely woman who is there all the time and gets to know her guests). The breakfast was fantastic -- when I asked if they had oatmeal, the chef said he'd be happy to make me some special. The location cannot be beat, the rooms modern and clean, a fabulous shower ... everything you need for a home away from home.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or960-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My London experience,"I stayed here in my two nights stopover in London. The hotel was pretty close to the Green Park Underground Station. (3 mins walk towards the Curozon Cinema) I got an upgrade to the suite room as I checked in. I had booked a standard room as I was a solo traveller. So it turned out to b a good start. The hotel is in a good location and all the major attractions are walking distance.( you can also take the underground to the attractions and shopping districts) The hotel being in the Picadilly Line, helps commuters come straight from the Heathrow Airport without any hassle. The only issue that I faced was that when I checked out and left my luggage at the concierge, and came back to collect it after a few hours of sightseeing, I noticed the concierge had broken my trolley bag…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or960-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a change of chef!,"I stay here on business regularly and haven't really had any issues other than the heat of the rooms and very poor shower power on some occasions. My main complaint is the restaurant.  The menu just doesn't seem to change!! I mean come on I have been staying here on and off for four years and the menu is basically the same! Change the chef and change the menu or I will start looking to stay elsewhere, over a menu!!!?!?",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or965-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Poor - not to expectations,"Stayed for work last night.  It was the most awful experience ever.  The reception staff were rude, and spoke down to me, requesting photographic ID, and swipes of my card, for a prepaid booking.  The room was very hot, even with the AC on.  The breakfast was of a poor quality and not to the standard that would be expected for this type of hotel.",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or965-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My London Home ....,"I would very happily like to share with everyone my experiences at the Washington Mayfair Hotel. I now would like to share with all that I consider it my “London Home”.  While the Mayfair area needs no introduction, one must know that since its an exclusive area there aren't too many utility shops around. Bang opposite the Hotel is a Tesco Express, Café Nero and a Organic Fast Food Place called Chopp’d. You have no idea how important it is in London to have a Tesco opposite your hotel. Whether its Mineral Water ( mind you unlike Asia there’s no free mineral water in any London Hotel), small knick nacks, topping up  your mobile pre paid, and nice sandwiches – Tesco is a blessing !  Café Nero makes a good hang out to have for meetings you wish to do outside of the hotel. Though iv…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or965-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service and superb location,"I stayed in the hotel last weekend, combining a small business meeting and private visit to London. The location is superb. Mayfair, Piccadilly and Oxford street are close by and the Green Park Underground is only a 3 minutes walk. We walked through the Green Park to visit Buckingham Palace. The front desk staff was very polite and attentive. We arrived at 12.00 pm and the room was available. We stayed on the 7th floor in a large, recently renovated room. Throughout the hotel we had free high speed internet. The breakfastroom was being renovated but breakfast was alternatively well presented in the bar and restaurant area. the service was excelent and the buffet was promptly refilled when needed. The cooked items were well served. The hotel may look a bit tired but this is very…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or965-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",very good for the price,"we stayed here in January for one night,ipaid £99 for the two of us online.We were pleasently surprised that the room was very modern not huge but big enough,we didn't use any of the facilities so i can't comment,for the price i paid and for it being in the heart of Mayfair you can't go wrong",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or965-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL EXPERIENCES,"Arrived at hotel early,on checking in we were asked for some I.D, a driving licence, unfortunately we didn't have one with us,so they asked if we had a credit or debit card, so stupidly i handed over my debit card which they swiped, i ask why they did that as i had paid in advanced for the hotel and theatre tickets combo and they said"" if we have anything out of the mini bar it would be charged to our card that was fine, had no problem with that,our room was clean but very very hot as there seem to be something wrong with the a/c,t.v,the picture was awful and outside our bedroom window on a roof was a white towel which didn't look to good,we couldn't open the window to make our room cooler,had a lovely day and evening in london,checked out at 9.30 next day was asked if we had…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or970-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",dissolusioned,"Good location but some staff leave a lot to be desired. Check-in from 2pm we arrived at 3.30 to be advised by a very disinterested receptionist to wait to be seen by another member of staff. When we were eventually checked-in we then had a wait to see if our room was ready!!. Once in the room one of the bedside lamps required a new bulb, the kettle could only be plugged in safely on the floor and the tv had bad reception. Later when we were trying to sleep through the constant droning noise we realised we were next to the pump room. As it was late i didnt complain but decided to let the staff know on check-out. This didnt materialize as we were practically ignored on check-out. The receptionist didnt even look our way, she took the key and turned around immediately without a…",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or970-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay in London,"This Hotel is in a central location with taxis readily available - a great asset when you are travelling alone! The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The Hotel is clean, elegant    and has a welcoming feel about it which somehow made me feel instantly ""at home"". The lifts were quick and efficient and right by reception. Peace and quiet in the room and everything worked (except Radio 4 via the TV...) I would happily recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or970-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special sadly,Stayed here for a weekend break when meeting friends in London for food and drink.  Location easy to get to and on first impressions hotel looked smart.  Receptionist surly and disinterested and we had to ask her for even the most basic of things.  Room small cluttered and noisy despite it being a more expensive option.  TV didn't work and the bed was in the way of the wardrobe doors.  Breakfast was present at least but not worth the £20 charge even for the most flippant spenders.  Overall impression that the hotel doesn't care about its guests.  ,Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or970-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"We chose this hotel for its location and price as we got it in a deal with theatre and rail init, The room was clean with a modern design and of a medium size, The bathroom was also clean and very modern, only thing was when taking a shower it was a large step out of the bath which could be a problem for shorter people, We had the windows open at night due to it being warm and the aircon not being to good but didnt have any problem with noise. Everyone was great and very helpfull. A continental breakfast came with our deal which consisted of a choice of cerial, pastrys, fruit, cheese and Tea/Coffee and fruit juice if you wanted any cold meat with that you had to pay extra. Looking at the menu it would of been very expensive if we hadn't of had it included.  Green park tube…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or970-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London business,Do not stay here.  The location is good but the heat/ac do not work effectively.  I had my windows open and the street noise keep me awake as well as the heat.  It is next to Sheppard Market with good places to eat and shop.  Also located 3 blocks from Buckingham Palace.  The food was very expensive at the hotel.,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or975-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfairly marvellous,"We chose this hotel for its location  (a short stroll to Soho and theatreland, handy for Bond Street and close to Green Park tube station) as well as the hotel's star rating.  The reality was even better than our expectation, however.  I think the hotel must have had a total refub just prior to our stay.  Our room was sumptuous with gorgeous wallcoverings, curtains and new, modern furniture.  The bathroom was fitted with high quality Villeroy and Bosch equipment and everything worked brilliantly and efficiently.  We loved the art deco theme in the public areas which again, seemed to have only recently been decorated.   The staff were very professional and always friendly and ready to help.  The area was quiet and felt very safe.  Overall, we had a beautiful, relaxing stay here. …",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or975-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Large rooms with nice lobby area. Needs major maintenance. Close to Green Park,"Nice location in Mayfair close to Green Park. needs major maintenace: showers were luke warm at best, toilet took 5 pulls to flush and tv had about 8 channels.  On the positive: nice large room with sitting area. They provided complimentary fruit and internet.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or975-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location is good all other are below par,"Old rooms and hotel areas leave you with bad taste. Staff is not that friendly. TV service is simply bad. Breakfast Is ok, gin is small and dated. Ask for room upgrade to get a normal room",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or975-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",If it wasn't for the location....,"....I wouldn't stay here. Tired rooms and common areas give this place a tawdry feel. Expect poor and noisy air conditioning (like so many London hotels), very uncomfortable mattresses and mdf room furniture. However, if you need a cheaper (relatively) option in Mayfair then it's ok.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or975-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I'd give it a miss,"This hotel is fine but nothing special.  I stayed in two different types of rooms, one standard, the other larger.  the ""standard"" room was very small and the furniture placement was awkward, causing a little dancing around the room.  the smaller room had yet to be updated as well, so it was a little worn.  In both: The toilet barely flushed, you had to almost pump it to get it to go.  In the second, it never flushed. The heated floor in the bathroom was wonderful except that the heat in the room was oppressive and uncontrollable.  We had breakfast included and it was fine, again, nothing special.  Next time I would opt to exclude breakfast and go across the street to the coffee shop.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or980-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located to everything,"Quaint, old hotel, squeaky floors, warm hallways, hugely expensive, but...always great staff. Tubs we're built for folk 5 feet and under. Hugely expensive. Forget the restaurant, eat across the street for a great breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or980-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Back again and will return again,"Overnight stay with breakfast. Very satisfied, comfortable and quiet throughout. Good service, friendly welcoming staff. Clean,efficiently run hotel. Food very good well cooked and presented. If ever considering a stay in cental London again I would not hesitate to return and also reccomend to others. This was our second stay at The Washington, the last was several years ago and their good standards have not fallen unlike other hotels elsewhere. Would have liked the shower/bathroom water to be hotter but this is a minor matter and just my taste that should not reflect on the overall quality of an excellent hotel",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or980-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","decent hotel, good location","The hotel is well located, in the heart of Mayfair (convenient for business meetings). Rooms are clean and comfortable. One negative: I was unable to shut down the air conditioning, a bit noisy at night.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or980-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Washington Mayfare,"An excellent hotel so well placed for any London visit.  Reception and concesage services first class.  Room even at the less expensive end of the tarriff  well appointed and comfortable .  Bathroom also well equiped with the sort of power shower which is so good after a busy day.  Two points that let the hotel down a little.  One there was no draught beer in the bar, such a shame.  and secondly an excellent breakfast spoilt because the plates were cold  and there is not much worse that a fried egg on a cold plate",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or980-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet refuge,"Great, quiet Mayfair location - second time I've been and appreciate the no-fuss efficiency.  It's spotless, decently roomy and everything works.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or985-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely refurbished rooms.","We stayed here for one night in December as we were visiting London for a friend's Birthday. We wanted the cheapest hotel in Mayfair we could find that would still be of  a good standard and we certainly weren't disappointed. The hotel was in a great location, only a few minutes walk from Green Park tube station and very close to the shops and Buckingham Palace. The room was a great size for London and decorated very nicely. We didn't eat there so can't comment on the food. The staff were very helpful and we would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or985-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"I visited London in May 2011 for business. This hotel is very comfortable, with all the necessary amenities  for a good stay. The location of this hotel is excellent, for business or pleasure. It is very close to all the main areas of the city and its landmarks. It is also located in an area full of restaurants, good at evening for dinner.  The staff is kind and efficient.  The breakfast served is very complete, with option for all types of gests.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or985-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good - But let down on Check Out and lack of attention to detail,"I checked in late and was offered an upgraded room - this being large but shabby and on a smoking floor, despite my non-smoking request.  I immediately retuned to reception and requesed a different room. This room was large, really nice, clean and modern with a fairly comfortable bed and nice bathroom with heated floor.  The missing parts were in the details such as no room service menu in the room and the fact the television had no reception and therefore could not watch anythin.  The room service was average, if I had time to find somewhere to eat I would reccommend to do so, it was certainly not a home-cooked burger.   The main problem I had was on check out, the member of staff serving me was so destracted with another guest shouting at a colleague that he charged my credit…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or985-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulious hotel, Fabulious Location","ve just had the most amazing weekend in London Staying at the Washington MAyfair located in a fabulios position 1 minutes walk from Picadilly 10 minutes walk to Leicester Square, the pictures of this hotel do not do it justice, wonderfully decorated very large rooms and wonderful bath rooms. However it is the Staff that make this hotel, from the General Manager who happened to Check me in and gave me such a warm welcome to the waitresses who served us afternoon tea and breakfast. Infact service was so good we decided to have dinner in the hotel rather than trying to find a restaurant before going for an evening out. The bed was amazingly confortable giving me a nights sleep of the innocent All in all this has to be a one off hotel, and everyone should try it, it is only 4 star,…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or985-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","I needed a base for 3 days in town, and this ticked all the boxes perfectly. Being so central, I expected it to be noisy, but it was super quiet. I thought it was over priced for the quality of the hotel (it's a good 3* in my opinion) but the room was adequate and the bathroom was nice (but small).  I booked a twin room and expected two double beds but actually got 2 single beds.  I haven't slept in a single bed since I was 8 years old, but that's a minor point.  I would definitely recommend this for the location.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or990-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel , Great location!","Great hotel and excellent service from very friendly staff. Very good breakfast , lots to choose. Loved the location whether by foot, tube, bus or cab. We went as a couple however would recommend to families or groups .",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or990-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",central london great hotel,"My first ever trip to london was at Washington Mayfair in central london near greenpark tube in westminister city.  This a place quiet and nice luxury hotel in the heart of the city. The chef gives a great english breakfast. Hyde park, buckingham palace, and picadilly are quite close from here and this place is also quite economical viz a viz the nearby bigger hotels like hyatt and ritz etc.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or990-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel.,"Beautiful hotel, staff was very friendly and helpful. The food is Excellent. Very close to green Park and green park tube station walking distance from oxford street and picadaly street.. Comfortable beds. but rooms were a bit small.  I even got an upgrade without requesting for one.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or990-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Strong sound from the ceiling...,"Rooms are very small with a luggage around 80 l. I could not open it, not even on the luggage cube which is good only for a small hand luggage. Particularly in my room 123 there was a strong pump making a lot of noise every six minutes, the first night I could not sleep, the second I have bought ear plugs to overcome the problem which was not solved by the hotel. The wifi in the hotel do not work, you get connected for the first few minutes and then the connection fails .. Paid 250 pound per night during Wtm, value for money not acceptable. Location is very good tough just few hundred meters away from Green Park station. ",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or990-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, friendly staff, worth the money","Great location (close to Green Park) within walking distance to Oxford Street, Picadilly Street and Regent Street. Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice, modern and clean rooms. Got an upgrade without asking to comfort our needs (room needed to be accessible with a pram) - all in all an ideal hotel for London.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or995-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID. Old expensive hotel with terrible staff.,"this used to be a nice hotel a while ago but it's a terrible place now. there are much better options locally like the May Fair Hotel, Hilton and the Millennium Hotel. even the local Holiday Inn is a better choice than this hotel now.  check-in is always too long. the staff are not very friendly any more. food is expensive and local area is full of beggars who will harass you. they also have a reputation for overcharging the guests which is completely unacceptable.  ARRIVAL - room was not ready for me, even by 4pm on check-in day. very disappointing.  ROOM - funny smell in room. it felt a little bit grubby with carpet unclean. double bed was just two singles pushed together. so you can't really lie in the middle and spread out. so it is like sleeping in a single bed anyway.…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or995-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear!,This could and should have been a pleasant and restful stay but was not.  We prepaid through Hotel.com but on arrival it was suggested we had booked for only 2 days instead of 3 and a continental breakfast instead of the full breakfast. These were quickly corrected when I produced the booking confirmation.  The first room we were given was beautifully furnished but let down by a mattress which should have been replaced years ago. It was virtually just bare springs.  We had intended (as usual) after a long and busy morning to rest in the afternoon before dinner in the evening. Instead we were kept waiting for a replacement room and then had to move up three floors to another. This was a smoking room (which we did not want) but the smell was bearable.  We went to dinner and on…,Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or995-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"I stayed with my family, great location, short walk to Buckingham Palace, just through Green Park.  Rooms were lovely, restaurant very expensive and food not to our tastes, bit too fancy.  No choice of food for children.  Nice, quiet hotel, breakfast great, lots of choices.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or995-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London Weekend,Great location and overall a good stay. Unfortunately the staff let the Hotel down. It started at check in when they wanted my husbands credit card (we had already paid online) to swipe for any extras.It became an issue when it would not swipe and nor would subsequent cards. Clearly a problem with their system. The manager intervened and it was resolved. It set the scene. There was little or no interaction between guest and staff and it wasn't only us. I watched people struggle with bags and the concierge ignore them and continue talking to another staff member. The rooms are small but well appointed. Our bed was a bit of a problem it had sunk on one side. My husband has stayed at this hotel a few times on business but doesn't think he will stay again. There is too much good…,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or995-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Group booking,I had 11 rooms booked this week and the hotel could not have been more attentive.  My guests were delighted and some even thought they had been upgraded.  Room quality excellent and direct communication with the hotel also very good.  Will definately use again.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1000-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A very good hotel right in the heart of London,"We stayed there twice, in May 2008 and in September this year. Very clean, excellent position and friendly staff. Breakfast satisfactory but not excellent, the service was good tough. A little expensive for what they have to offer but the position justifies the price. We would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1000-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Changes made - but not for the better,"I used to stay here on business trips to London, usually twice a month, but there seems to have been managerial changes, and the last couple of visits have been less satisfactory, with difficulties in making bookings, poor service at check in as well as a drop off in service at breakfast - nothing major - but I felt  obliged to write to balace out the previous very positive reports I have made of this hotel",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1000-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing quite went to plan,"Booked hotel on line, but ended up having to phone through reservation because the wed site was awful. When we arrived we found that despite trying to book it breakfast was not included.  Breakfast was fine, but for the fact the servcie was appauling. We had to keep asking for tea nd toast, and no one bothered to explain anything regardig thebreakfast.  The room was good, However, the plug did not work in the sink, and the television was not tuned in.  For the price and location I would say they were no better than premier inn",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1000-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing......,"How this hotel can claim to be 4 star! We didn't arrive with high expectations as we contacted the hotel to try and get theatre tickets and all we recieved by way of an answer was an email that appeared to have been written by a child.The receptionist was very confused and although there was no queue it took almost half an hour to check in.The room looked pretty nice but looks can be deceptive.....air conditioning simply did not work,after the engineer checked it twice we gave up as all he managed to do was make it even more noisy. The phone worked from our side but when we tried to call room service and housekeeping we simply could never get an answer.It is quicker to go across to Tesco and buy your own food then try to order room service. The mini bar is a joke,like something…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1000-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",a great hotel in london,The best part is the tesco just opposite! Rooms are clean and tastefully furnished. WiFi could be better tho,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1005-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very satisfied with this centrally located modern hotel.,The room was well appointed and tastefully decorated.  It was small but this is typical in my experience of Mayfair hotels.  Many of London's attractions are walkable from this location.  The hotel staff seemed to be a little inexperienced but everything went well enough.  Overall we were very satisfied with our stay.,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1005-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","This is a very clean 4 stars hotel, but I prefer to stay at this hotel than the so called London five stars hotels. The key for me is location. It is centrally located in Mayfair surrounded within 15 minutes walk by some of the best restaurants in London, including the Green House, Scots, Tamarind, Alhamra, Le Boudin Blanc (a great French Brasserie). The theaters in the West End are close. Shopping in the Knight Bridge district, Oxford Street and Regent Street  are also close. Hyde Park, Green Park and St James Park are all walking distance from the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1005-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in the world,I had the most dreadful experience at this filthy overpriced miserable dump of a place which just happens to be in a great location. The carpets were filthy so don't dare walk around barefoot! The food is inedible stooge except for the Cumberland sausages for breakfast. They also do not honor their online deals but thank God they didn't two inedible meals would have been two too many. The  staff were clueless except for one of the managers but it did not help this woeful excuse of a hotel.,Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1005-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel in a Pretty terrific Location!,"This was my first time staying here, and it was a fantastic experience.  The hotel is located in the heart of Mayfair, on a very quiet street off Picadilly, a brisk five-minute walk to the Green Park tube station, so the rest of London is right at your doorstep, basically!  My room was clean andrather spacious for a London hotel and the A/C was a great bonus!  The hotel's corridors are dark and quiet as well, and the bathrooms are gorgeous.  We had a full English buffet breakfast included, and the hotel was NEVER crowded.  The lobby has three computers for the guests to use and i never had to wait there, either.  I would gladly stay here again as I felt very safe and it was easy to get just about anywhere.  Not too far from the hotel was a pedestrianized street where there were…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1005-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great central location,"My husband and I stayed here for four nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Overall, our stay was great and we would recommend it to folks. Room:  The room was very small, especially for the price; however, London is a crazy expensive city and we were only in the room to sleep.  While the room was small, it was very clean (and I am very picky about this!!).  The room was well kept and the bathroom was clean as well.  We had a king sized bed, and we could control the AC (which we kept on its coldest all the time.  some reviews complained about the noise of the AC but it did not bother us in the least and served more as white noise).  The room came with a very very little fridge that was not good at keeping items cold (we bought yogurt at a store and it did not keep well).…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1010-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Ask about your room's location,"Not informed that hotel undergoing renovation and construction going on next door. Given a room directly facing adjacent construction with men leering and waving in - could not open shades. Manager moved us to a nice quiet ""inside"" room on 6th floor.  Maids hover at door at 8 a.m. despite ""do not disturb"" sign. Great location and staff extremely nice. Just do better prep than I did.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1010-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A good start with plenty of potential to be great,"I stayed for 3 nights in a single person room on business.  My flight was landing at Heathrow rather late so I emailed the hotel ahead of time to let them know I would be arriving close to midnight and they replied right away to assure me that a note would be added to the reservation and my room would not be given away.  Upon arrival I was greeted by the bellhop and the gentleman at the front desk.  Check-in was quick and my bag was in my room when I got upstairs.  The gentleman at the front desk let me know where a late night room service menu could be found so that I could have a late supper.  I think it took about 20 minutes for the food to arrive once I ordered it.    My room was a bit small, but not uncomfortably so, there was plenty of space for me, and it had a tiny…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1010-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","What a con, helpful staff with no followthrough a total disaster","Arriving at 8am did not expect room to be ready it wasn't went out for a walk,returned at 1:30. Still wasn't ready was assured that by 2oclock room would be ready returned at 4:00 room ready,but not twin asking size bed.Not suitable for two ladies. Finally rom ready after9:30 at night!! Left wake up call for next morning .never called.  The worst hotel experience in my 61 uears",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1010-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Location, Excellent value, Nice Hotel","Six of us spent almost a week in London after a cruise and stayed at the Washington Mayfair for the first time.  We love the Mayfair area but our old favorite hotels have become too pricey so the Washington seemed a good new choice - it was.  On Curzon just a few minutes from the Greenpark Underground and walking distance to all Mayfair and most of the West End, it is a perfect location.  The hotel is a very fine 4 star plus with nicely appointed rooms and bathroons but most on the smaller side.  The entire hotel (rooms, lobby, restaurant, hallways, etc.) looked as if it had been nicely redone recently.  We found the staff (especially the concierge and dining room breakfast folks) to be most pleasant.  Plus those breakfasts were outstanding and included in our rate.  This hotel…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1010-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","As central London hotels go, this one is okay.","Central London hotels, especially those in Mayfair, are expensive so it's hard to always equate what you get with what you pay as you could do in other locations. It's a nice hotel, it's clean, the rooms are fine, it's in a good spot in terms of a tube station, shops and so on but there's really little else to add. It's not outstanding but neither is it dismal - I have stayed here twice on business and always choose this hotel if I have reason to be in the Mayfair area.  One thing I would say is that it's far nicer than the Tower Hotel near Tower Bridge which equally parades itself as a 4 star.  With the Washington Mayfair you can see in places where the 4 stars are given.    All in all, don't be put off it, it's a good hotel and I believe there is far worse out there in this…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1015-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great great,i stayed at this hotel 18 of july 2011 to 21 july it was absolutely a great hotel.Perfect room  excellent continental breakfast  and also excellent service.The location is more than perfect.I recommend that to all of you eventhough its an expensive hotel,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1015-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",One of the best hotel in the city,"This hotel was really comfortable. Really good design in the room, well thought out furniture and plenty of space. Beds were great. The best thing of all though was the peace and quiet which meant I had the best night's sleep I've ever had in a hotel in London- no annoying hum from air conditioning or extractors and no noise from the street. Quick, efficient and friendly check in and check out. Clean, modern and well equipped very good hotel for a good nights sleep to the quiet, quality beds and attention the hotel place on this. Good quality bathroom with shower and bath.   Used the bar and this was nice with good level of service Paid the extra charge for breakfast. Service was good and food quality excellent.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1015-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",London Gem,"Excellent Mayfair location with great service, clear and comfortable (but not large) rooms, and air condtioning.  HIghly recommended for 2 guests per room. Nothing more to say. xoxxxoxxxoxxxoxxxoxxoxxoxxoxxoxxoxxo.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1015-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great location but it stinks - we'll not go back,"Stayed at the hotel for a few nights. Location is attractive as it is close to nice pubs, parks, theatres and right in the heart of london city. However my girlfriend was putoff by the stinking launge. Inspite of pointing that out to the manager on duty nothing really changed. Rather he appeared rude. Rooms are not that great if you compare with Millennium in the same area. Staff at reception didnt seem hospitable either.  I'd rather stay at a hotel which is very welcoming and stays clean.",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1015-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","great location, nice people, good service, nice rooms, I will be back.","slept there for 1 night, great location, very nice people, gave me an update to better room without me even askink for, good service, nice rooms, I will be back. Shuki, Israel",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1020-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"The Washington Mayfair is good value for money,upon arrival we were instanly upgraded to the Garfield suite, the place was huge, spa bath, seperate lounge and a panoramic view over the city from the balcony,   Staff are friendly and welcoming, ideal location for westend shopping, dining and shows,   I think the Mayfair Hotel is a differnt gear but its alot more costly than the Washington, try both,",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1020-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and good service,"Our stay at the Washington Mayfair was very pleasant. Our room was ready when we arrived at 10:30am.  The room was an excellent size for London and well equipped.  The hotel is located close to Green Park tube station, which is well-connected and allowed us to visit about 16 garden squares which were open under the open squares weekend. Breakfast was fine, although I would have liked a wider selection of fruit. Throughout our stay we were impressed by the quality of service - everyone was courteous and attentive.  The check-in clerk even recognised us when we checked out which is almost unheard of for London.  Overall a very pleasant stay in a choice location.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1020-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise,"My wife and I were pleasangly surprised to return to London after a long absence and firnd such comfort in Mayfair, one of the premium areas of the city. Check-in was fast and efficient.  It appeared as if our room had been recently refurbished and was in very good order. The bed was comfortable as were the linens. The bathroom, particularly for England, was modern and large. The English breakfast (included) was good and the choices were plentiful. The staff were uniformly helpful from suggesting places of interest to arranging transportation to Heathrow. The location could not be better. The Mayfair helped make our return trip to London pleasant.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1020-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",not bad at all,"good value for area , got a classic room clean , quite good wi fi , good air con.  good tesco oposite for food and wine as prices are nuts in hotel! room keys can play up , watch it if you go with expedia , as they dont quote the 20 % VAT !  ITS NOT CHEAP AT £230 PER NIGHT! but is ok for area",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1020-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to par,"I was impressed with this hotel on the web and reading other reviews.  However, not up to the ranking or my standards.  Location is great.  Bathroom is very good; shower nice and strong. Lobby is dingy; service is mediocre, rooms are small.  Common areas need care and paint.  For the price, I expected more.",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1025-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - decent for the price but quirky,"There's a lot to like about this hotel, and some quirks. It's Mayfair location is great - It's on a quiet street 2.5 blocks to Green Park station, quick walk to Piccadilly or Buckingham palace. For the price, the room was decent sized, in good repair, and appeared very clean and recently updated. Service in the hotel was mostly friendly.  We had some trouble with the water - we had difficulty getting cold water (I've never heard of this problem before.  In Europe, we've had difficulty with no HOT water, but no COLD?  Weird.  Someone was able to fix it.  One day, there was no maid service until she knocked at 5:30!  We were dressing for the evening, so we could not let her in to do up the room, so the room wasn't done that evening. Odd events like these, but nothing critical. …",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1025-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lunchtime Disappointment,We went on a Groupon Voucher Offer  goodness knows it was cheap at the price 3 Course lunch for Two including glass of Champagne.  I had Salmon Terrine to start with my husband vegetable Soup he said it was fine mine alright as well.The main courses were a choice of Leg Roast Chicken with Pumpkin Mash /Hake with Shredded Leeks/Vegetarian Option.I chose Chicken and asked waitress if it came with vegetables and she said it did -but optional vegetables were £4.50 more.My husband ordered Hake and when both dishes were served neither had any vegetables on plate except mash and on my husbands a few shredded leeks!! The desserts were Cappuchini Cake and Lemon Meringue just plonked on plates it was a real letdown I am sorry to say .We paid only £25 for two of us but the set lunch is…,Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1025-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, nice rooms, but those prices need more than that.","On a business trip to London, my colleagues and were delighted by the location, with the Mayfair pubs and restaurants right on the doorstep. Classy neighbourhood, pleasant hotel ambiance. My window view was adequate, and the peculiar L-shaped room was quirky rather than cramped. A few eccentricies were unexplained. Room numbers didn't appear on the doors, but on the frames at waist height. Was this to accommodate a more petite clientele or to cater for exhausted revellers returning home on their hands and knees? Comfortable restaurant atmosphere, with unobtrusively courteous staff, although I thought I had misheard when told the price of the breakfast. A small round of coffees in the evening set me back an amount for which I could have obtained a three course meal, even in that…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1025-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Needs some attention to the simple things,"Stayed here for one night on business and found it adequate but disappointing in some respects. Public areas are looking rather shabby and need refreshing. Cleanliness in public areas was not up to scratch either, although the room itself was fine. Plastic stirrers and pots of UHT milk (Ultra Horrible Taste) on the tea tray are not what I would expect in an allegedly 4 star hotel, and why no biscuits? Getting hold of an iron took two requests and two hours. It wouldn't take much to make this a great hotel, but for now I think it's just an adequate one.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1025-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair in May,"I have been returning to the Washington Mayfair Hotel for about seven years now. This May visit was most charming as the weather was delightful!. The hotel combines value as well as an unbeatable location and it is in a relatively quiet area without the hustle and bustle of traffic and crowds. The hotel is situated only a few blocks away from the best shops on Bond street, Berkeley Square, art galleries off Piccadilly, Fortnum and Mason's, and culture as it is near the venerated Royal Academy as well as the delightfully charming enclave of Shepherd's Market which includes restaurants, pubs and small shops . The staff is most friendly and serviceable. The rooms are completely appointed with all needed amenities. For those who want to splurge there a taxis readily available at the…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1030-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem....great hotel,"A very nice secluded hotel within walking distance of everything u would want to do in London.  Neat clean rooms, option of smoking rooms, very comfortable beds and pillows.  Decent sized bathrooms....a rare find in central London. Good staff.  Cost: a lil on the higher side but can't complain much for the quality and location.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1030-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Rather Disappointing given the * rating..,"We stayed here as a London Treat for ourselves when we came to see the Lion King. We were greeted quite gruffly with the 'Are you a UK citizen ?' rather than 'Welcome to the Mayfair Hotel' ! Charmed I'm sure. Once we had gone through the never-ending questions we went up to our room which is described as non smoking, well maybe not in the last 24 hours but certainly someone had smoked in there recently as it didn't smell very nice. Scratch marks on the inside of the bathroom door near the handle were either done by an over zealous encounter or someone was keeping an animal in there at some point ! Decor was dated for a 4-5 star hotel. We've stayed in 3 stars hotels that were better. On the way to the window to air the room I had to circumvent the glass coffee table and noticed…",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1030-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location & Rooms, average breakfast","I stayed one night for business, having recently changed from the Westbury on Mayfair due to cost hikes. This hotels location is also very good and it is comfortable. The room size, beds, and bathrooms are spacious. We arranged a good price for the area, and were pleasantly surprized.  The only gripe is the quality and service at breakfast. This was very average and did not live up to the hotels quality in other areas. An improvement here would make it a 5 star review from me.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1030-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","A perfectly reasonable Central London Hotel, providing a comfortable stay but at familiarly high prices","Staying near Grosvenor Square and the rest will never be done cheaply so the Washington Mayfair represents reasonable value, providing clean, effective and relatively attractive accommodation for the price. Well-located, pretty quiet and poviding a fair breakfast are plus points though customer service ebbs and flows! I'd stay again, if in the area and a discount available to my business.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1030-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem,"I stay at the Washington whenever I am in London. It is in a great location, and the hotel is perfect for my needs - quiet, elegant and the staff are fantastic, nothing is too much trouble.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1035-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely great,"Stayed over the weekend with my boyf and we was given a nice room on the sixth floor.  the room was not the biggest but it was fresh clean and nicely decoreated.  location is second to none and concierge recommened some great restaurants nearby in sheperd market.  we were able to get to oxford street within ten minutes walk and do some shopping.  breakfast was amazing, great choice and we would have had dinner at the hotel but my boyf surprised me and took me out. hotel excellent, staff in restaurant and concierge were so friendly and recption. big thank you to everyone at the hotel",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1035-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic location and superb service,stayed at this hotel last week with my colleagues from work and i should definitely say location is perfect and front line (reception/concierge) service is bonus point to the hotel.  will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends in the future.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1035-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Extremely rude reception personnel, security chain on room door was not even bolted, I had to go down to reception with the chain in my hand to ask them to fix...  Upon check-in, they froze 400 pounds on my credit card for ""incidentals"" - totally ridiculous!!! The room was reasonably neat but there was not skirt around the bed so all you saw was the boxspring sitting on the floor... There was no mirror in the room, I ended up going to buy one at Boots and to top it all off, after three days, they slipped a letter from the manager under my door to tell me that they wanted me to go setlle my account because it is their policy to collect customers when the account exceeds one thousand pounds (of course, they never said anything about this policy before).  I had been at this hotel…",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1035-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The perfect weekend away,The minute we entered the hotel we felt important. We stayed in an executive suite which was beautiful. My boyfriend had ordered champayne on arrival which was accompanied by delicious strawberries dipped in chocolate. Within seconds of being in our room the hotel staff rang to ensure we were happy with everything. The bathrooms were beautifully clean and the room very spacious. Breakfast was included with our stay and it was lovely and very fresh. Throughly enjoyed our stay and would definately visit again.,Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1035-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Always Good,"This hotel has always delivered. Customer service, high class decor (a little too occult for me), food in the resturant is very good and the cocktails are a great start to the evening. The location in Mayfair / Green park is central for many business and there are many other bars and food places...worth going to, if not to stay, to dine.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1040-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Visit to welcome our new Grandson, Edward Sebastian Malone Green, born on 10.2.11","Well run, friendly, clean hotel.   Central for our purposes with transport available close at hand.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1040-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",DISAPPOINTING STAFF,"The only good thing about the hotel was location, close to Green Park station and easy access to everywhere.  Staff not friendly, not smiling even! I mean the receptionists Room (single room,very very small) noise from outside, but very clean Expensive for what you get very old building , you walk and hear the wood  Not warm enough, heating system not good TV Channels hopeless",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1040-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great room, great breakfast, fantastic location, great value for money!","1 night stay in London with partner for a night out in Mayfair, was very worried when i walked in the hotel as the reception and lifts are very dated however was pleasently suprised when we opened our room door, big bed, great bathroom, ideal for what we wanted and great value for money, why pay an extra $200 more for hotels in the area when this is just as good!",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1040-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service and Very good location,"I stayed at the Washington Mayfair Hotel for a whole week in November with my friend. On arrival we found a very welcoming staff. The room we were in was quite spacious and  we had everything needed in the bathroom. Regarding the Breakfast, my friend and I agreed that was the best breakfast in all the hotels we visited. The staff (Restaurant, Concierge, Reception) was very helpful. Add to that the very good location of the hotel 5 minutes from Buckingham, Piccadilly, Oxford Street...We had a fantastic stay. All I can say Thank you! Paméla",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1040-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Room was in need of painting,"The room itself was fairly nice with an amazing bathroom. However there were signs of wear and tear and botched paint jobs on the walls. Not what i would expect from a hotel of this standard in Mayfair. The staff seemed eager to please if a little slow in checking in/checking out.  Ive stayed in a few hotels in Mayfair in my time with the Washington Mayfair being one of the cheapest (in relative terms). If i had a choice of staying around Mayfair again i think i would defiantly pay the extra few pounds and stay somewhere else around the corner. The extra levels of staff service and cleanliness is defiantly worth it.  My advice for travellers planning on driving would be to avoid this hotel. There is no hotel parking and the local public car park, although very cheap on weekends,…",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1045-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","awful, completely misrepresented in website photos","Organising a symposium in London, I chose the Washington after having been shown a very pleasant refurbished room by one of the duty managers. I even stayed in an executive room shortly before the symposium and was quite pleasantly surprised. For the symposium I had booked a master suite as I wanted to be able to see clients without having them sitting in my bedroom and the website offered encouraging images of how the suite would be. Not cheap at about £400 a night, but I needed the facility of a sitting room. On the first day of our stay we arrived in something of a rush with a lot of setting up to be done in the nearby symposium venue and were happy to be told our room was ready. We duly signed our check-in form, before being shown to an attic room with a small double bed and…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1045-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A Big Improvement - highly recommended!,"We decided to try this hotel for a second time based on the excellent location, good after sales service and reasonable rate offered (for Mayfair).  They really have made improvements since our last visit and we would definitely return again.  We stayed in an Executive Studio which was a lovey room, overlooking Curzon Street. The bedding was sumptious, the room spotless and the shower was wonderfully powerful at all times.  The noisy airconditioning we experienced last time was not a problem in this room at all, and I slept like a baby the 2 nights we were there.  We had breakfast included in our rate, and paid the tray charge to have it in our room both mornings.  It could have been a bit hotter as I often find is the case with in room breakfasts, but the quality of the…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1045-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Won't stay here next time I am in London, will try my luck elsewhere...","On a plaque in the lobby, AA says this a 4 star hotel. i don't know how it got to 4 star so here's a quick summary about my stay.  <Good> - Concierge is quite responsive and decent to help arrange for transportation and help with baggage  - 5 mins walk to the Underground (Green Park Station)  - Near Hyde Park  <Bad> - Not very clean, some parts of the room are dusty  - Poor housekeeping: Toilet rolls not replenished, Tissue paper was non-existent for 3 out of the 4 nights I was there (no one seems to answer the housekeeping phone), note pads were not topped up....  had to jot down things on 3 crummy pieces of note paper which was all was left  - Restaurant breakfast is the pits. Ordered a set of French Toast, which didn't appear after 30mins, called one service staff over to…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1045-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Best Hotel breakfast in London,"My wife and I have been staying at the Washington Mayfair on both business and leisure trips for several years, and wouldn't consider any other Mayfair/West end hotel - always made to feel very welcome by friendly and courteous staff, who recognize us every visit.  Great location and excellent rooms.  Any minor problems either of us have experienced have always been quickly sorted out. Good restaurant and bar, and breakfast particularly good.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1045-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"This is the first time I have ever felt compelled to write a review for a hotel. I live in London - I was staying here for a conference with colleagues. Firstly, the location of this hotel is second to none - right by Mayfair, Regent Street and the wonderful parks of London. However. Upon checking in, the service was painfully slow. We queued for absolutely hours to get our keys, the staff at reception seemed dazed and confused. The electronic key system doesn't work. The rooms are tired. One lift was not working.   The beds are seriously uncomfortable and three of my colleagues had to call the maintenance team (for a broken window and lack of electricity). There was no compensation offered for this. When we were drinking in the bar, they closed early without asking if we wanted…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1050-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Compelled to write,"I have been staying at this hotel for 15 years and regularly recommend to clients.  The service is outstanding and I now feel part of the family.  I travel extensively, use hotels all over the world - and I can honestly say that the Wasington is my favourite home from home!  Ignore the other reviews - all you need to do at the Washington is ask and it will appear.  Great location, great value - just great!!",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1050-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Sir, I am afraid we do not have a room for you.","I arrived at the Washington Mayfair hotel at 16:30 hours on 11 Novembe 2010 arriving straight from Heathrow after a 12 hour flight from S.E. Asia. Walked over to the Reception desk and gave my name.   The following conversation ensued:   Me: ""Hello, I have a reserveration for tonight"" Receptionist (on hearing my name): ""Sir, Please take a seat in the sofa over there and wait for the manager who would like to speak to you.  Me: ""Are you saying that there is a problem with my reservation? You see I'm in a rush to check-in as I have a meeting here in half an hour"".  Receptionist: ""Sir, please take a seat in the sofa. The manager will be seeing you shortly"" Me: ""Excuse me. Could you please just confirm that there is a room available?"" Receptionist: ""Sir, please take a seat in the…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1050-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but ...,"We stayed at this hotel in September for a weekend away in London.  The location itself is perfect, a nice 10 minutes walk and you are in central.  The hotel, check in time was about 10 minutes, we had booked a double room and for 2 nights paid £300 for B&B.  The room was small or ""very cosy"" for 2 people.  Even the bed was a small double!  More suited for single occupancy.  But this wasn't much of a problem as we weren't there much.  The Air Con unit is NOISY!!  Even when off it whirs away.  Didn't sleep properly for the 2 nights.  The bedding is also not a good quality, well its not cotton! :) :) The breakfast is fine with a small choice. Would I stay here again? Maybe, if I got a cheap deal, but would definitely try a different hotel in Mayfair as the location is perfect! :)",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1050-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",lovely london hotel experience,"great rooms, great staff, good food.  will definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1050-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",thoroughly unenjoyable...avoid,"Breakfast.  Grey bread rolls.  Anaemic looking scrambled egg and dreadful coffee.  This place reminded me of a 3-star hotel I stayed in Shanghai  over 5 years ago.  Pretty good effort for China but for Mayfair in 2010, ludicrous...  The first room I was given on 2nd floor was right next to a very noisy air conditioning unit. I asked to move and was very graciously moved by a very polite new intern to a smoking room (the only room available).  The stale smoke smell was better than the noise of the last room's air con.  Both rooms had sheet and blanket.   In the new room the bed footer had a big oily stain on it and the bed blanket had two stains on it too.  The most amusing part of my stay was regarded the cleaners. I was staying two nights and on my second day I was forced to…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1055-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",if you like to sleep then dont bother staying here. TERRIBLE,"I visited the Washington Mayfair for a weekend celebration of one of my friends 30th Birthdays, i was staying with my 8 month pregnant wife in a standard double room. I paid £180 for the pleasure.  The ventilation system must have been created in Victorian times as it whirs all night long, even when switched totally off, its the kind of sound a toilet cistern would make on filling up post flush - this unfortunately kept my wife and I awake most of the night. I made a complaint at midnight through frustration at not being able to sleep, nothing happened. Again i complained in the morning, i was told by the duty manager that my complaint would be passed on.  I made it clear that i wanted my money back - a simple request made in light of the one hour sleep we both had and let me…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1055-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel,"we have stayed at this hotel on many occasions and have always had a nice stay, as we had this time. the staff are very nice and helpful at all times. our room was very nice with everything we would expect, a good size bathroom with neutrogena toiletries, super king sized bed and tea and coffee facilities, all in a standard room, 308. as always we took our never to be without earplugs as this room is overlooking a side street which can be noisy, not so with our earplugs in place! hotel breakfast is a buffet and it was as usual very good with plenty of choice. there is a tescos express food shop directly opposite where you can stock up on all manner of snacks and drinks etc. this hotel is great for walking to all the tourist attractions and into town.",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1055-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","4 star location, but!","I was in London the weekend of Oct. 8-10th. It was a pleasant stay, but I must let you know of my hotel. We stayed at the Washington Mayfair London. The location was GREAT! Near all the fantastic shopping and within walking distance to anything you would want to buy and near the underground. However, when we arrived in our room, our view was a wall, yep! A big, old ugly wall. Now I'm used to city hotels, but a 4 star with an ugly wall for a view, NO! A 3 star, 2 star, but NOT a 4 star! The room was small, but neat and the bathroom was fab! We asked to be moved and they were very nice about it. Our new room's bed was very small, with a window so high, there wasn't a view to speak of. We had to call again and ask if this new room was for two people and get this....the reception…",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1055-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,On reading some comments about this Hotel I was a little dubious about my visit.  The staff were all friendly and courteous.  Hotel clean and bedrooms well appointed.  Breakfast excellent.  Would certainly visit again.,Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1055-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Better avoid, below average, but good location for high-end shopping.","Check-in OK, no frills. Corridors ion room floor; smelly & dark. Room –  Bedding very bad; very thin low quality synthetic blanket, low quality sheets probably partly synthetic also. Low quality pillows. Difficult to sleep because of low quality materials. 2x cleanex holders only 2-3 sheets left in each one! Room cleaning; minimal f.ex. didn't rinse and clean glasses and coffee cups, sheet not well stretched aso. Bathroom without mirror light, very dark! I forgot to pack my wife's two new bottles of facial, when I asked to have them a few hours later, but they disappeared with housekeeping!! They said they had never seen them, so clearly dishonest! Could open window.  Stayed here lat time in 1989, then this was a great old fashioned, top end typical small English hotel, NOW…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1060-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"We have to admit, the location is great. Great little restaurants (sushi, curry, shwarma all next to each other), the Green Park Tube station and sightseeing all really close by. You can stroll through Green Park to Buckingham Palace, then onwards through St James Park to the City. Before you know it you have walked all the way to Waterloo!  The rooms were dark, the window looked out to an office, the staff OK, the food nothing to write about. I guess they know the value lies in the location.  One tip, with so many nice places - within a minute's walk - offering full English breakfast for GBP 3.5 - 5.0 don't bother booking bed AND breakfast at the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1060-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Comfy and cozy in London,"My boyfriend and I moved to this hotel after a bad experience elsewhere and we were very happy. There were certainly little things the hotel lacked, but overall, it was quite comfortable, very quiet and near to absolutely everything.  The rooms have just been redone. Ours was fairly large, although colleagues of mine in other parts of the hotel have said their rooms were comparatively smaller. The room service was quick and good. Complaints: the blanket on the bed was flimsy at best and even had a hole in it. We requested a replacement and it looked it even more shoddy. Also, room service trays were often left overnight in the halls, so that when I left for work in the morning, I would trip over plates of old food. Disgusting. In our room, they never took away the one mug I had…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1060-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Such a disappointment!,"My Husband and I re-visited this hotel in the spring of this year.  We had stayed there twice in the past before it was acquired and connected with other properties.   It was a true English gem on our prior visits. However, on our latest visit we found the staff to be uncaring, the rooms to be inferior, and the food just edible.  The only thing that remains of the prior hotel is the excellent location.   The service was horrible, although we had booked a more expensive suite to accomodate my Husband's need for a seperate sleeping area due to a medical condition. The bedroom did not have a door but flowed directly into the living room with no chance for privacy and light control.   We have recommended this hotel in the past, but will no longer do so.   As I stated previously, it…",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1060-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Would not return,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair for two nights in February this year.  The hotel's location is very good and central for sightseeing.  The hotel itself is clean and the room were nicely decorated..that's the plus points.  On our arrival we were allocated a double room on the 1st floor, our view from the window was the air conditioning unit for the hotel.  This was certainly not the view we were expecting and to make matters worse the air conditioning unit was extremely noisy.  When I went to reception to complain and ask about the possibility of being moved rooms I was given a very unhelpful response from a very rude member of the reception staff.  Eventually she agreed to let us move rooms but all they were prepared to offer us was a smoking room a few floors up, we are non…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1060-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Highly Recommended,"I stayed in this hotel for one night with my 3 friends. We have the best time in this hotel. The location was fantastic and quiet central to everywhere,  the rooms were extermly clean and tidy. When i was booking the rooms i ask if i can have 2 interconnected rooms and they set the room as per my request. The staff were extermly friendly and helpful, my friends and i really enjoy our stay and looking forward to our next visit.  Last but not least, the room's rates were pretty reasonable in compare to other hotel with the same standard.",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1065-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Hotel, highly recommended","I've stayed here on a couple of previous occasions, really enjoying it everytime. It's location is superb, being only 10 minutes walk from Regent Street and Piccadilly Circus. All the staff I've encountered as extremely polite and helpful - if there is a problem, they will sort it out very quickly indeed! They have had a recent refurbishment programme and the new rooms are superb. Very comfortable and quiet, with excellent bathrooms fittings. There is free Wi-Fi, or internet through the TV (which you have to pay for). Breakfast is a buffet affair, but you can order off a menu, should you prefer it. The food is excellent, and service, speedy I would highly recommend staying here if you're after a Mayfair base!",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1065-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Only if they really bring the price down,"So here is the good news the location is great for business.  Here is the bad news this should be the last hotel on your list you stay in as it so very poorly managed. I had to go to London on a short notice business trip and therefore was left with no alternative but to stay at the Washington Mayfair hotel. Here is what went wrong 1.   Check in was very inefficient and they ""accidentally"" sent me to a small on bedroom rather than the junior suite I was booked in which then had to be reversed with some work 2.   The bed linen was really really dirty and had old stains which had not come out in the wash 3.  Breakfast was gross and the service was bad gave up on trying to get coffee completely 4. Corridors are dank and smelly 5. Staff with one exception are poorly trained and seem…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1065-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hell in London - Don't book here,"To give you perspective I travel a lot and the minimum I expect in a hotel is cleanliness, safety, and honesty. Unfortunately when it comes to the Mayfair the cleanliness part of this hotel is definitely way below standards and honesty is clearly not the policy. We were checking in around 9:30 pm for guaranteed non-smoking rooms - I work for a large company so the guarantee should have meant something. Well they had given our rooms away because they were oversold for Wimbledon. At the desk a group of Japanese diplomats were already arguing over the condition of their rooms. I rarely see rudeness from Japanese but I soon found out why they were upset. The desk clerk was very cordial but he explained he had only one room in the hotel - an upgraded master suite that was a smoking…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1065-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Be Queen's neighbour,"Hotel Washington, Mayfair is on Curzon Street near Green Park. Hyde Park corner is also nearby. Service and reception was good. Facilities in the hotel too was good. The spread in breakfast was excellent.  Amenties in the room included iron table, hot rod for drying clothes.  The hotel is quite close in central London and you are almost a neighbour to the Queen. Buckingham Palace is just across the green park.  It is value for money to stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1065-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Could have been better but on the whole not bad for london mid rate,"booked in here for a night on the town. Not a bad rate and very helpful staff, Had a premier double but unfortunately it was a twin so asked for a double. The premier room was modern nice and attractive. Couldn't convert the beds so upgraded to a king! By contrast this was of a rather faded old fashioned style a bit past its sell by date but still old fashioned charm. That is aside from the cracked and crudely repaired bidet! In the morning when drying my hair - the plugs and mirrors are not well aligned so this required some contortions  noticed an old cigarette butt in the corner of the room not nice. Mentioned this to the reception on my way out - she was apologetic but the manager couldn't be bothered although she had stepped out to tell him to come out and give his…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1070-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A great deal for a great stay,"After two nights in a junior king suite at a rate of 167GBP per night, this place comes highly recommended. I had been looking in the area and found this deal on Hotels.com and snapped it up straight away. Masive room (37Sqm), with a separate seating area, two plasma tv sets pinned to the walls, a study desk, drawers, stocked mini bar fridge and bathrom with power shower and whirlpool bath. Complementary bathrom products, fresh fluffy towels and great comfy bed made it a great stay. Its location is excellent with it being a 5min walk from Green park tube and a 10-15m walk to Picadilly Circus. Cabs sit out side the hotel and there is a Tesco express deli directly across the road with a range of pubs and cafes all within a 2min walk. The area of Mayfair is very safe and exclusive…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1070-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair on Sat 24 April. this was a birthday treat for both my husband and myself.  The check in service was awful.  I had prepaid this trip in January and on checking in was asked for 2 forms of identification, when I couldnt produce photo id the staff werent too keen to give me the room (even when I had already paid for it!!!), eventually we got a room but was no way like the one in the photo the bed was just a ordinary double, the door kept getting stuck, we had to go down to reception at night to get the porter to come and open it when we returned from our meal. Definitely not worth the money they charge for this.",Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1070-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",terrible service,stayed at this hotel on the Saturday night before I ran the London marathon. service at the desk was poor and unfriendly on arrival. Firstly the room looked nothing like those on the website. clearly there is a mixed standard of rooms.   We asked to use the internet as the staff had little knowledge on local restaurants etc. internet was free which was great however it was so slow that after 15 minutes the page we were looking for hadn't loaded so we ended up just having a walk round to find a suitable restaurant. after dinner when I went for a bath only to find the plug was not working so rang reception to complain. an hour later having explained I was running the next day I was aked if I would like compensation in the form of a drink at the bar. clueless! I was then asked if I…,Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1070-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel - but hot!,"I've stayed at the Washington Mayfair on a number of occasions over the past few years, have recommended it to colleagues and will continue to do so.  Check-in was quick and courteous, the lobby area being spotlessly clean and welcoming.  My room was equally clean and inviting, with a safe, opening 'French windows' type of affair, flatscreen, minibar and quite a bit of storage space.  The bathroom was really nicely fitted out; underfloor heating, recessed shelving with LED feature lights, a good sized bath and an excellent shower.  However the room was hot, just bordering on too hot, and the aircon noise was intrusive.  I turned the heating down as far as it could go but it seemingly made no difference, and I couldn't  turn the fan up because the hum on the lowest setting was a…",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1070-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location- great for visiting London,"We stayed for a night when visiting London.  It's locaion is excellent, close to Green Park underground, Oxford Street, Bond Street, and Regent street shopping.  Close to Picadilly and Royal Academy.  Our room was on the 2nd floor, and to the front, a large, light and bright room.  Traffic noise not a problem.  The only meal we had there was breakfast, which was adequate",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1075-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Comfortable Accommodation and Reasonable Price","My wife, two friends and I used this hotel as a base for a day and evening out in London. Its right next to Green Park, just across from Buckingham Palace and near several pubs and restaurants, so the location is great.  Our bedroom wasn't huge but it was perfectly comfortable and clean, and worth the £125 we paid. We didn't experience any of the delays or issues with staff that other reviewers seem to have had. Maybe we were lucky, but no complaints from us and would stay there again",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1075-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"After reading the reviews on this site I was a bit sceptical about the star rating and picked it mainly for location and also price as the rate online was the same as the laterooms.com rate.    I was pleasantly surprised right from stepping in there I was greeted with smiles, checkin was effortless, offered help with baggage.  Room was lovely, my only complaint was the window catch didn't shut properly but the room was very well furnished bed enormous, fridge well stocked, bath/shower hot and powerful.  What more could you need??? Excellent location for a weekend stay as it's so accessible to Green Park station or walkable to the West End.  Very quiet as it's tucked away off the main drag.  Breakfast was very good, good selection, buffet style by the coffee arrived within 1…",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1075-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A real bummer,"I stayed in the said Hotel during 22.2.2009 till 4.3.2009. I visited London thrice, stayed in Crown Plaza and Strand Palace Hotel  earlier, however this time it was not at all a good experience.This time I was at The Washington Mayfair Hotel. To begin I was allotted a room in the Hotel after 8 hours of wait.And finally when I got my room I saw that the room was not at all properly prepared for my stay. The carpet was wet when I checked in. Odor of wine was felt in the room during my initial 24 hours of stay.  Room services, breakfast, everything was sub standard.   I wrote each and everything in the feedback form there. Later on after my arrival in India, the then manager  apologized for this on telephone.But still I was perplexed on the issue that is it the way a four star…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1075-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful location, great hotel, great staff","Our study abroad program stayed at Washington Mayfair Hotel and enjoyed our stay greatly. The hotel made us feel welcomed, served us delicious breakfasts, gave us great rooms with heated bathroom floors, towel bars and comfortable accommodations. The new rooms were nicely appointed. The staff and management were professional, welcoming and helpful. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I thank them for their graciousness with all the students who were coming and going at all hours. This location is perfect for theatre, art, and cultural excursions. We could walk almost everywhere. Great inexpensive eating in the neighborhood with pubs and some restaurants.",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1075-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Washington Mayfair,"When I took a study abroad trip to London, we found out we were staying at the Washington Mayfair in the Mayfair district of the City of Westminster.  The hotel's location is great, only about two blocks from the Green Park Underground stop.  I gave it such a good rating because of the deal the hotel gave our program (CCSA).  Everything was average room wise,  but the help of the hotel was exceptional.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1080-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",certainly NOT 4 star,"Draughty room on a loud street with an office block looking into our room.  We had to keep the curtains closed during the day.  Luke warm water in the morning for a bath. Breakfast, english fry, was luke warm.  Hotel bar  characterless. Location was great and the room, apart from the aforesaid comment, was smart.",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1080-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location is great, anyway","First, don't believe the hotel's website.  The location is great and the staff is very friendly.  After that, you're on your own.  I shared a ""double"" room with a friend. The room had a king-sized bed with a twin bed squeezed in next to it so about one foot between the two. The twin bed came with a weighty, an I mean weighty, blanket (my roommate, who was using the twin, said she couldn't move once the blanket was on.  The king-sized bed didn't have a blanket (we had to call housekeeping twice to finally get a really thin blanket).  I guess the hotel lowers the heat in the rooms at night.  The room got really hot during the day and then bitterly cold when the sun went down.  The website states that the rooms have hair dryers.  Not true.  We had to call and ask for one and were…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1080-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Chic, Contemporary Room's. Great Location. Perstering House-keeper's.","Looking at other review's, I dont think we stayed in the same place.  I found the room's to be fabulous, as my colleague's agreed- I had a large, spacious ultra modern room, with 2 fluffy bathrobes, excellent heating (which was needed as it was snowing) and the cleanliness was excellent.  I loved the bathroom, with the Villeroy & Boch fitting's, the stainless steel heated towel rail's, the circular bathroom mirror with the white light around the rim and the robust power shower with several setting's. Lovely.  My only issue was that there was no 'Do Not Disturb' sign in my room, which is the first I've ever noted a hotel not to have one. I was woken from sleeping off my hangover 3 separate time's between 10.00 am and 11.30 am, which by then I was so pi5$3d that I just got up and…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1080-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Chaotic and cold,"Stayed here because a contact suggested we use the bar for a business meeting. The website looks great, but the reality is more tawdry. The room was cold, single blanket, nothing else in the room which smelt strongly of damp. Having left somebelongings in the room I had to phone 4 times (currently counting as still not resolved), each time giving my number and all the details and being promised a call back ""definitely"" the same day. Give it a miss - there is much better value in the West End",Date of stay: December 2009,2.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1080-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Was hoping to find a hidden gem.....,"Looking back at the previous reviews, it appeared that this hotel had suffered it's mediocre status due to the way it was before the big refurbishment of the rooms. Seeing that the rooms had all been re-done, we decided to 'take a chance' as the rate was very reasonable for an excellent location (only 2 mins to Green Park tube station).  We called the hotel before booking to ask about the rooms and were told to avoid the junior suites as these were still yet to be refurbished, but that all the other room types had been (classic, executive, state, and master suites). Therefore, we opted for a State room, and paid in full via the website with no changes allowed, this gave a better discount via their website. I called the following day about another matter and got through to an…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1085-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great Little Hotel, Fab rooms and breakfast, Not sure about the staff.","Well spent one night here on the 5th December 2009 for our company's christmas party which was at the Dorchester around the corner. Was very impressed with decor - as it has been recently refurbished - you can definately tell.  Lovely rooms and bathrooms flat screen TV on the wall, tea/coffee, mini bar and safe and comfy bed.   Very impressed with the breakfast shame it was closing early at 10.30 else would have had seconds.   Had a bit of problem booking in as they had spelt our name wrong - good job I had copy of contract and list of names I had faxed over. took 10 mins. Was a bit surprised when housekeeping knocked twice the on the Sunday morning - 9.30AM and 11AM - what is the point when you are checking out at 12 Mid-day.!!!! Breakfast staff a bit abrupt and came accross…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1085-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service and location,"Just off Park Lane and near Green Park, rooms and hotel have been refurbished and upgraded to a good size and comfortable level. Staff are helpful and friendly.  Good breakfast.  Overall this is a good choice for business or leisure, as it clearly met the expectations of a group of japanese ladies also there on holiday who always demand high service levels with keen prices.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1085-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",location and comfort,"Reception were very helpful with quick check-in, the rooms were in excellant condition,clean and new looking with all the usual equipment. We stopped one night for a theatre break, for which the hotel is very well placed, it is just one stop away on the tube or easily reached on foot.  Breakfast was very good with helpful pleasant staff on hand if needed, no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would definately use again.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1085-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Brochure says 4 star but really 3 1/2 star,"We were there for 4 nights during September. It's in a great location, the rooms are tastefully done, the bathroom is awesome but where they fell short was on the quality of the beds. Let me go back a bit, we had just be 0n a 35 day european trip that included two cruises and hotels in Barcelona, Rome, Venice, Amsterdam and Stockholm. This hotel Hd the WORST BEDS! they were extremely had, no fluffy pillows or duvets. I called down to front office to see if they had a thick mattress pad or feather bed they could bring up. They said no. In fact they had no idea what I was talking about. this would have made all the difference in my stay and they could have remedied the problem with going out and buying one. Needless to say I had an aching back for the whole duration of the stay.…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1085-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and wonderful service,"We were in London for just one night before boarding the Crystal Symphony for a cruise. The hotel is located very well near Hyde Park.  The concierge was very nice helping us find the museum that we wanted to go to as well as the restuarant.  The room was clean, bed comfortable.  However, both the room and bathroom were quite small as is the case with many European hotels.  The breakfast was very nice.  I would stay there again for a longer period of time.",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1090-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Indifferent experience,"I stayed two nights (in two different rooms) in this hotel.  My office is afew minutes walk away, so it was pretty convenient.  When I checked in to the first room, they informed me that they had upgraded me to an Executive King room - not that I was that fussed, it was just somewhere to sleep for a few hours.    As is often the case with big hotels, everywhere was far too hot and, although the windows would open, they wouldn't stay open.  The room was large but pretty sparsely funished and it all looked quite tired.  Maybe I'm just picky, but the wirdest thing was that there was no decoration on the walls - I would expect even a Travelodge to have a few pictures up.  Still, I was tired, so I crashed out.  Despite the heat the night before, I woke up cold, as there was only one…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1090-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location and amazing rooms!,"Stayed here for 1 night mid-week in august 09 and had a fantastic experience. Got an excellent rate and the room was large, modern and clean and the tube was only a couple of minutes walk down the street. Loads of pubs and restaurants in the area too. Staff were super-friendly and helpful, and there was a huge variety for breakfast. I'd definitely stay here again next time in London. Can't find any faults here at all, i'm really surprised this place isnt a 5 star!",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1090-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location - definitely recommend the restaurant!,"I stayed at the Washington Mayfair a couple of months ago and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff were incredibly friendly and made sure I had everything I needed. There was a really pleasant atmosphere and the staff were happy to help with any requests I had.  I was pleased to see tea and coffee making facilities in the room! The last few places I have stayed haven't provided this so it made a welcome change. My room was clean and comfortable, plenty of room and actually quite a bit bigger than some of the hotel rooms I have stayed in recently.   I had dinner in the hotel restaurant the night I stayed. The menu was varied,  very reasonably priced and I was tempted by a few items but settled for a steak (Very pleased with my choice). They had a number of offers on at the…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1090-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Hotel, Great Location","We spent a night at the Washington Mayfair- and were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room, it was very spacious,  clean and stylishly decorated. I couldn't fault it.  The hotel is only a couple of minutes walk to the underground (green park) plus many places are within walking distance,  and perfect if you're going out in the west end.  staff were all really friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was great value.  I would definitely recommend staying there.",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1090-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Bed Service,"I spent a week in Washington Mayfair and I was a bit disappointed. The hotel is in a great location, few minutes from Green Park tube station but service is bad for 4* hotel a price GBP 315. No iron in room (only after requests), no umbrella, not enough electricity adopter for euro standard, wi-fi is bad, expensive IDSL,  rooms are small.  Overall, I would stay again at this place but not at that price.",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1095-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A real home away from home.,"I arrived at the Washington early, 11 am,  and had was delighted to find that they were very accommodating;  happy to hold my bags until they could get me into a room, and my luggage was waiting for me in my room upon my check-in.  John was one of the concierge on my arrival day and was very personable and friendly, and also brought me an adaptor within minutes of my calling and asking.  This was my first trip to London and upon reading many reviews for many different hotels I was very pleased to find that the double rooms were VERY spacious for a solo-traveler.  The bathrooms are large and accommodating (although remember in EU it's not custom to provide wash cloths, you might request these), the room easily held my two large suitcases, the mess that inevitably ensued after I…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1095-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Very high standard hotel, central location","As a group of six ladies, we stayed in this hotel and we all thought the rooms were of a very high standard of decor and comfort. The location is very central within walking distance of many London attractions. Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Picadilly Circus, Soho and many others. Green Park station is only minutes walk away and the Tour Bus is also just down the road. We also walked to Kensington and visited Harrods which is approx 20 minutes walk away. But the area is well serviced with buses and the underground. All and all we would recommend this hotel and we would visit again, as we thought it was good value for money.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1095-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location - Highly Recommended,"This was a great hotel. Can be quite expensive though. We booked directly and got a good price of approx 100 pounds a night - breakfast was excluded though. It was clean and the location was ideal. Quiet, i can't think of any negatives. Rooms weren't enormous but they were a good size. the hotel was close to the tube too. Will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1095-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant hotel, friendly staff and central location","This hotel is fantastic, on my last visit to London I stayed in the 4star Holiday Inn which wasn't anywhere near as good as the Washington Mayfair.  Across the road from the hotel is the lovely Shepperds Market with quaint pubs, restaurants and shops.  Mayfair is a lovely area to stay in and only a 10 minute walk either to the Piccadilly area or Oxford Street and Hyde Park area.  The Green Park station is close by and across the Green Park walk way is Buckingham Palace.  The hotel to stay in wasn't that expensive for London prices (Holiday Inn was more) though we didn't eat or drink in the hotel as choice around this area is great.  The rooms are quite large and very well kept decorated modernly with maid service every day.  It is also located up a quiet street so not much…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1095-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic service!!!,I would just like to say that I was very impressed with the Concierge at the Washington ! The Gentleman that helped me was called Mick or close to this!(I think it said head concierge I noticed on the badge) He gave me great directions got me tickets I wanted and I could  understand what he was saying and he understood me unlike other areas of the hotel ! Rooms are o.k I stayed because I had a meeting close by not sure if hotel should be star rated as high as it is! more like a 3 star . Good location.,Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Hotel - Great location, friendly staff, very clean bright rooms","I have stayed at the Washington on several occasions and cannot recommend it highly enough. The staff are very professional and friendly which makes for excellent service. I honestly have never had a complaint on any of the many occasions I have stayed there. Try out their resturant also, great food at a reasonable price.",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,This hotel is in such a great location. We never had any issues with the room or service. It all went very smoothly. My only gripe would be the lack of net curtains in the bedroom. We overlooked an office gym and could see right in so no privacy unless we closed the curtains completely. The room was a reasonable size as normally you can't swing a cat! Great shower. All you need for a London sight-seeing base.,Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Customer Service non existant,"The level of service in this hotel is terrible, we arrived at the entrance and like the previous review were not met by anyone and the concierge was sitting looking at the computer while his associate appeared to be staring into space. There was no acknowledgement of our arrival at all. Check in was quiet efficient except for the fact that there was no directions to the lifts / stairs or request if we wanted assistance with our luggage. Throughout the stay of 2 days we were not acknowledged on our entrance to the hotel once by a variety of concierge staff and as the desk is directly opposite the door you would expect even a smile. I have stayed here previously and this was not the case but i wil not be staying here again. The location is excellent but there are other hotels very…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Maddisons Resturaunt a hidden gem  in a expensive part of town.,"We booked a meal at the resturaunt through Last Minute .com and booked a 3 course meal at 20.00 on a Sat night for only £10 per head. Was a little aprehensive regarding the quality of the meals but this was unfounded. The service was impeccable and the meal excellent value indeed, it appeared that all the resturaunt was in on the deal.  The menu was limited but a vegetarion  was available  .  The drinks were expensive £7.00 a pint but iced water was freely available and as I stated the food presentaion was first class. Hot bread rolls were a plenty Another nice touch was no service charge was added  but you would have be ice cold not to leave a tip at such great value and service, It is only 5 mins walk from Green Park Station. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair  which is only…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1100-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel - great location!,"The Washington Hotel was everything that we could have asked for.  The room was quite accommodating with plenty of space for my sister and I to live in for a few days.  The staff was absolutely the best...very friendly and helpful at all times.  The food was very good and a great way to start each day without having to look for a place to have breakfast.  The location was fantastic, being so close to the Underground station at Green Park and so many other sites.",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Millionaires Location,"Stayed here for 1 night after a west end show. The hotel rooms are modern and clean. The hotel is in a fantastic area with a 5 minute walk to Park Lane, 5 min to Buckingham Palace and 10 minutes to theatre. The only problem we found was at 6am there was a really loud noise which was either the air con or next doors power shower. (very loud) Would stay there again (£122 inc breakfast) 1800hotels.com.",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel does not live up to it's expectations,"I booked a stay at this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday present.  I paid £235 for a suite with a whirpool bath.  The whirpool bath proceeded to churn out black gunk.  After changing suite some 90minutes later we were put into a smoking suite where I had specifically asked for no smoking therefore I had to sleep with the windows open which in turn made the room noisy.  This suite had a whirpool bath which too made a lot of noise but no whirpool effect to speak of.  We went down to dinner and were served cold mussels which after warming again came back about one degree warmer!  Be careful if accepting a glass of wine from the bar if the bottle is open, for us it was the most expensive on the menu and we were not informed!  I felt the bed was uncomfortable.  On complaining at…",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We stayed at the Washington for two nights which we booked as a 'superbreak' via National Express Trains. Not our normal practice but we booked late and this was a great combined price. We knew the area and planned a bit of a foodie weekend. The Washington is the perfect location for this and there are numerous Michelin starred eateries within walking distance. We particularly recommend Murano - almost next door. If you want something more informal, try Shepherd's Market. Nice evening atmosphere and great if it's a warm evening. The big plus for the Washington is the location, closely followed by the recently refurbished rooms and relatively quiet street. The downside is that the lobby and public areas are dull, dull, dull. No bar atmosphere at all and compared to other nearby…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The rooms have been recently refurbished, very modern and attractive. Large and comfortable, bathrooms were also comfortable though a bit small. We were there for a week on business and I can't recommend a better location in Mayfair than this property.  Its opposite Shepherd's market which is a typical English eatery area, there is a Tesco Express bang opposite and the tube station is a 5 minute walk.  The service was wonderful, they have a large lobby and other meeting areas where they serve hot and cold beverages. Breakfast was wholesome, and was included in our rate.  I would stay there each time I return to London for the sheer location and comfort.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1105-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and great value if you can get a good rate,I've stayed here several times before and would recommend to anyone.  We paid £100 in total per night including breakfast which was amazing value for money for a hotel of this standard (an internet prepaid deal).  Staff always friendly and helpful. The rooms have been redecorated since my first visit and I'm not sure it's an improvement.  Style over substance with little thought to practicialites.  For example the bed side lamps had large brown shades which masked about 90% of the light; trendy square washbasin takes up so much space there's no room for a washbag; rails in wardrobe so high we could hardly reach them; mirrors abounded but none with decent lightning or unobstructed views. These were minor distractions given you're hardly in the room when in a city like London. …,Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"We booked with lastminute.com under their 'Top Secret Hotels' offer and got a very good deal at £90 per room per night on the May Bank Holiday weekend.   We arrived at 11am on the Friday. Our room was ready and we were checked-in in minutes. Our room was modern and clean. Slightly small, but average for London. The bathroom was well equipped with a powerful shower (over the bath).  We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as it was £19.50 per person. There is a Tesco Express accross the road and a Pret a Manger and a Starbucks less than 5 mins walk away, accross the road from Green Park tube station. There is also lots within walking distance, like Green Park, St James' Park, The Ritz Carlton Hotel (for afternoon tea) and Buckingham Palace (if the weather is nice - we actually…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location and Good Value for Money,"The hotel is very easy to find.  It is located on a very quiet street and the hotel itself is quiet and unpretentious.  The rooms are very cosy but modern and represent excellent value for money.  The only niggle we had was with the bedding, there was simply one sheet and a wool blanket however, the rooms were extremely warm so we weren't cold in the night.   There is a lovely coffee bar and tesco express directly opposite the hotel, which was very handy.  It is also free to park outside the hotel on a Sunday so we saved alot of money on parking.  We would stay here again!!",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good value","This hotel is located a stone's throw from Piccadilly, right in the middle of London. It was very good value for its quality and location (<£120 on laterooms) and was a very comfortable base for a weekend city break. The rooms have been newly refurbished and ours was well appointed and nicely decorated. Some of the older reviews probably pre-date the refurb. There were one or two niggles - a dodgy window catch, a rather noisy air-conditioning unit and, as ever in this country, not many free TV channels. These, however, were minor in the grand scheme of things. We were a couple of minutes from Green Park and the tube and a short walk from Hyde Park and Oxford Street. If I'd never been to London before this would have made a perfect location to start from and the next time I visit…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed for the cost,"We booked the Washington Mayfair without hesitation due to it's star rating and the pictures on it's website, a mistake!  Upon arrival we were assured a good room by the receptionist on the fifth floor. Travelling up to the room it became apparent how HOT the hotel is, we were literally sweltering by the time we reached the room door - ""better than cold"" I thought! The porter brought the bag promptly and initially the room seemed nice.  Upon arriving back at the hotel late that night, and with the absence of the London traffic noise in the background, it became apparent how noisy the heating/fan/something was in our room. I checked to make sure the air-conditioning was turned off, but still the heating fan churned away.  By the middle of the night you could lie in some parts of…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1110-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I'd return here anyday - excellent,"Never wrote a review before but i had to follwing my weekend to the Washington Mayfair in Feb 2009. I changed my hotel booking to the Washington the day before my trip following a look at the reviews of the other hotel which looked to be poor. Sooo glad I changed my booking as the Washington is a fantastic hotel.The rooms were of a really high standard and nipping clean. The breakfast and the staff were great too. Location was excellent, only a short walk to the main shopping areas, and it's really close to the Tube (and on the Piccadilly Line which is excellent for access to all main attractions). I would definately stay here again and have already recommended it to others.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"We had a lovely stay at the Washington.  Great location.  Our room was lovely and modern and extremely clean and a really comfortable bed.  Just across the road is Shepherd's Market with lovely small restaurants and pubs.  Check out the Italian restaurant, great for Sunday breakfast and the service is good and the owners very welcoming.  I would certain stay again.  Mojo",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Like the new rooms,"Have stayed at the Washington several times as love the location, right beside Green Park & close to Selfridges (although don't think my credit card company thinks so!) Hadn't been for a while and in the meantime they have completely changed all the rooms. They were gorgeous! Loved the new decor, and the new bathrooms. Also liked the fact that when we arrived, we still recognised members of staff from before, who were really friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",OK - but has some flaws,"Location of this hotel is great - very close to Green Park tube, and our stay was not unpleasent, the decor and cleanliness of the hotel and rooms were very good  however there are a few things to note... In a four star hotel I do not expect to find my window cracked and held togther with sticky tape.  Other points to note are the heating is difficult to control, the room was for the most part like a sauna which made sleeping difficult - the alternative was to put the cold blower on which made whoever was sleeping next to it too cold.  On the subject of temperature - cold water seemed to be non existent in the basin - the cold flow from the mixer tap was mostly hot and I mean HOT we did on the odd occasion manage to get cold water.  The fridge was designed in such a way that to…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Best Hotel we have stayed at in London,"We couldn't fault any aspect of the hotel - friendly and helpful staff, lovely room with a balcony. Really smart decor and a nice sized room. When we asked for extra tea and milk for our room as we left the bar at midnight - the porter gave us a huge handful! The breakfast was really good and the rooms very quiet so we really enjoyed our stay.  Its a very good location very close to the tube and only 10 mins walk to Oxford Street.  We booked last minute and only paid £130!",Date of stay: January 2009,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1115-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Stay,"I stayed at the Washington this October with my elderly parents, and it was a lovely experience.  The location of this Hotel,in the heart of Mayfair and just a few walking minutes away from the underground, is superb. The staff who handled our check in were friendly and very forthcoming about our request to have two adjoining rooms, which I had not specified when making the reservation.  The rooms themselves are very comfortable and stylish and have obviously been refurbished only recently. The one letdown was a leak in my parents' bathroom. However, when we reported this staff were once again very pleasant and arranged for an engineer to resolve the issue almost immediately.  Should I need a hotel room in London again I will definitely return.",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Love the rooms - great location,"Loved the Washington! There was nothing too much trouble for the staff, and although check in was a bit slow due to the arrival of conference delegates the check in staff were very apologetic for the delay- which makes all the difference! The entrance area is not up to the same standard as the rest of the hotel but do not be put off- the rooms are very stylish (newly renovated and not bashed like some hotels) and I would definately stay here again. The hotel is about a block back from Park Lane and is in easy walking distance of green park & hyde park corner tube stops. We stayed during the week and ate at the hotel too and although it was very quiet in the restaurant the food was fantastic- would recommend the chick pea tagine! Free internet access in rooms and PCs provided in…",Date of stay: December 2008,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,"Helpful concierge and check-in. Refurbished room delightful. No extra charge for internet a bonus. Room service excellent, food very good. Overall, excellent well priced hotel in a  good location. Will definitely return.",Date of stay: December 2008,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Impressive!,"I highly recommend this hotel!  I tend to visit about twice a year, and have done ever since 2005, and am yet to find any significant fault.  The location of the washington, situated in the heart of mayfair, is very good, being only a 5 minutes walk to green park, 10 minutes to buckingham palace and 20 minutes to piccadilly circus.    Aside from the location, the hotel itself never fails to please. The staff are always very helpful, and do everything they can to make you feel welcome. The rooms, which previously used to let the hotel down somewhat, have all been refurbished, and are now very impressive.   There is always a good selection at breakfast, and the few times I have eaten in the restaurant for dinner, I have been very impressed.  I have always been very pleased with…",Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Terrible,"Do not, I repeat DO NOT, check into the Washington Mayfair. We reserved a room after being in the Marriott Maida Vale for a week, which was a beautiful hotel but was located far from the city center in a dangerous district. As soon as we walked into the Washington Mayfair we could see that the information on the website was utter fabrication. Third-rate at best, it smelled awful, the staff was condescending and practically badgered you for tips and the rooms looked NOTHING like what was promised online. We had been given a non-smoking room; three people were smoking just outside it. The bedding was torn, the curtains did not close properly and the television had about five channels. The furniture was absolutely ghastly, the type you would expect in a cheap hostel, not a place…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1120-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good Hotel, Amazing location","The Washington Mayfair is a decent Hotel, I would say the equivalent of a very nice Hampton Inn in the U.S. It is very pricy as all hotels in central London are but it is in the BEST location I have seen. Walking distance to theaters, Piccadilly and the shopping district. Close to Green and Hyde Park, Buckhingham Palace and the tube stations. (Green)",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Hated the Washington,"Disgusting service.  Probably the worst hotel in London.  No one on reception seems to posess a memory cell.  They forget everything and anything.  When reminded for perhaps the 5th time, still the apologies do not come.  They promised us a free bottle of champagne with our room after forgetting to put one in there as we had prebooked, and a basket of fruit.  The fruit never arrived.  The champagne had to be chased 4 times, it took 45 minutes to arrive.  They then decided to charge us for the ""free"" bottle of champagne, this was after being told 3 times that it was complimentary.  But we were told we wouldn't have to pay for the non-existent fruit basket, wow how generous is that!  After waiting 10 minutes to be seated at breakfast, we decided to find our own table.  We were…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"I stayed here with my boyfriend in august 2007. We won a competition with work to go and watch one of the big brother live evictions and they put us in this hotel. The hotel is a walk away from the tube (although I cant remember which station Im sorry,lol). Check in was great, really quick and we were upgraded to a better room! Unfortunatly we didnt get to spend much time at the hotel as we quickly had to get ready to goto the studio once we had got there and in the morning had to leave early for the train. However the room and bathroom was very big, and you could listen to the TV in the bathroom (which I thought was great, lol). The beds were very comfy too! Breakfast in the morning was lovely! loads to choose from! definatly got me ready for travelling! All in all it was a…",Date of stay: August 2007,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good value if the price is right,"We’ve been staying at the Washington Mayfair for years, normally booking through LateRooms or LastMinute..  The plus points are definitely the location - on Curzon Street between Park Lane and Berkeley Square one street up from Picadilly, with Green Park tube within easy walking distance and the manifold dining experiences of Shepherd Market just over the road - and the price, which is often much lower than neighbouring hotels of a similar standard.  The rooms we have stayed in clearly need renovation (and indeed seem to be receiving it as I write - when going down the stairs Monday morning I encountered a troop of woment emptying all of the furniture out of the rooms on the first and second floors, and various other reviewers refer to staying in refurbished rooms); but they are…",Date of stay: January 2008,3.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"My self and a friend stayed at this hotel for a weekend. We arrived on Friday evening. Its very close to the Green Park tube station. Check in was fast and no problems. We were advised the rooms were newly refurbished. Im not sure if the rooms were four star hotel standard. The bed was comfortable but with just one blanket. The corridors upstaris were like a furnace. There were no catches on the window so when you opened them, the wind kept blowing them back so you could not open them slightly. Put out the room service card at 10:00 pm on friday night for breakfast on saturday moring but it was never collected. Saturday morning, while sleeping, the fire alarm went off at 7:30 am and everyone had to evacuate out onto the street. Not the most pleasant experience. Eventually got…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1125-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel - Great Location,"Stayed at the washington Mayfair for one night in November.  The reception staff were very attentive, and quickly dealt with my arrival.   The lobby area was clean and tidy, and quite well appointed.  I stayed in room 111, which had been recently refurbished, and I must say that the room was great. Lovely decor, well equipped bathroom (with shower over bath) and comfy bed. The room was slightly larger than the usual business hotels.  The only comment I would make is that the a/c is totally ineffective, and the room was uncomfortably hot. As noted in a previous review teperature was regulated by leaving the window open, but was not a good idea when it was -3 degrees outside!  I did not eat in the hotel.  The location of the hotel is superb, minutes away from a tube station and…",Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good value central London weekend,"Booked a saturday night theatre/hotel package via Lastminute.com which turned out to be very good value, especially for Mayfair (the most expensive spot on the monopoly board).  The hotel is well located for Picadilly and the shops of Bond Street and Oxford Street, with Sunday morning in Hyde Park a real pleasure.  On a saturday night Soho/theatre land is just a quick bus ride away from green park tube and there are a few very fashionable (and expensive) night spots around the corner on Berkley Sq. such as Nobu (if you don't mind queuing for an hour).  The hotel decor is a bit Spartan and businessy in style, but neat and comfortable and we had a much nicer view from our room than we did from the Park Lane Intercontinental we stayed at the following weekend. If you're not having…",Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,I have just returned from the Washington hotel after a two night stay. I read the reviews before i went and was not looking forward to going .However from start to finish we had a great stay . check in was very speedy and we had a great room the staff were very attentive and helpfull. Our room was spotless and we had no compliants whatsoever. We will return to the Washington on our next visit to London. Marie and Jean,Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, fraud and bugs in room","I decided to book the hotel as it was close to where my business meeting would be, having never stayed in central london before I was looking forward to the experience. I arrived at the hotel and was greeted by a very rude woman on reception. After a long check-in process I eventually got to my room (if you can call it that) and found it to be about the size of a wardrobe, quite dirty with dust everywhere, I found dead bugs in the bathroom and by the side of the bed. Concierge were great about this a supplied me with a free bottle of wine and even some free room service during the night which was great, I even got a bottle of wine when leaving the hotel as well from a lovely chap called paul.   I would not stay there again, I have now discovered I was charged for spirits in the…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"I booked this as a last minute thing as I was off to a 40th anniversary party for the company I work for. I payed in advance. As I checked in I was asked for a swipe of my card. I declined as recently I had been stung by this procedure. I was told that it was policy. Company rules demanded that I handed over my details. Once again I declined. The woman on reception then became quite cross and told me that I would not be able to use the 'phone, mini bar and television. I said that I had a mobile where the calls were cheaper, that I had no intention of using the mini bar and that Saturday night t.v was not something that I would pay for. I planned to do a bit of shopping come back to my room and sleep. In front of everybody waiting in reception I was then 'ordered' to take a seat…",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1130-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","great location, helpful staff","my husband and i have just returned from an overnight stay at this hotel- we booked through last minute .com , secret hotels, we went for our wedding anniversary and received a free room upgrade, the location is excellent!!! lots of places to eat at just a stones throw from the hotel, good value for money!! ",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but not the best hotel.","My husband was sent over on business, and this hotel was one of the one's he had to choose from.  From what he could tell, it was a nice hotel in an excellent location.  We did some research, and came across some of the reviews on this site...which left us a little skeptical.  Our experience was that it was an average hotel in an excellent location.  When we arrived, they allowed us to check in early, which was EXCELLENT.  (We had been traveling forever)  We got to our room though and there was a hole in the carpeting and the walls had a black film on them.  Things were really old and outdated in the room and it felt and looked dirty.  We were staying for 5 nights, and this was unacceptable.  We called the front desk and they were able to move us, and actually upgraded us…",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not that great.,"Stayed at this hotel after finding it on lastminute.com at a good rate.  Staff where friendly and helpful and the main areas where pleasant, if a little dated. However I was very disappointed with my room for a 4 star hotel. Firstly, the bathroom although clean, looked very worn and tired, fixtures that were once chrome were faded and discoloured. The shower curtain was a bit torn and towels smelt a bit old. Worst of all, the toilet had not been flushed and was full of paper. When I went to bed I couldn't brush my teeth or have a drink as the tap was only running hot water, so I had to get a bottle of water out of the mini-bar, which was not even working so it was warm. Finally went to bed to watch tv only to find that the tv remote was not working either. Bed was comfy and…",Date of stay: August 2007,2.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location location!","We stayed here with a group of college students.  Most travelers would cringe at the thought of staying with a touring group, but ours was well-managed, due in great part to the efforts of the staff and management at the Washington Mayfair.  This was our third stay and we were well-taken care of.  The breakfast is great - especially if you're going to be out and about all day.  We rarely dined in - but London has so many restaurants that it's hard to fit them all in!  The rooms may be old, but they are comfortable and convenient.  As others have commented, the heating system is unique - you will have hot or cold, but nothing in between.  We regulated the room temperature with the windows!  We'll stay there again. ",Date of stay: December 2006,5.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Good value for this part of London,"I'd seen the mixed reviews and was wondering what to expect. The location was great, room size good and I liked that the Hotel wasn't too large. Staff were all very helpful. We returned from the theatre for a nightcap in the bar to find a very talented guitarist (playing to an audience of zero before our arrival!), although it was a Monday night in August so maybe not a normal situation! We thought it was good value for money and wouldn't hesitate to return again. ",Date of stay: August 2007,4.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1135-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","well located, average hotel","stayed at this hotel simply because of its location, being a 4 * hotel I expected it to be nicer than it actually was, you cant fault its location or the public areas of the hotel, the staff were helpful & polite , the breakfast was fine , no problems with check in or out, the only fault was with my room , the room was a fair size ,the bed gave me a good nights sleep in clean sheets & the bathroom was clean , but the room was a bit shabby, the paint looked chipped & grubby, net curtains were grey & needed replacing, all in all in need of updating, this said it is just a case of decoration & housekeeping, everything else was o.k & it was ideal for my needs. After staying here I would not hesitate to stay in this area of London again as it is a great area for a stay in the city ,…",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, central location","Great location in heart of Mayfair, near Green Park, Picadilly shopping, theatre district and ""royal London."" I read many negative reviews, but found the hotel to be nicely appointed (has it been refurbished recently?), clean and efficient. Had a room with twin beds pushed together, but that seemed to be the norm. Staff was responsive and knowledgeable. Breakfast, which was included in our room rate, was a large buffet of traditional English breakfast foodstuffs and was delicious. Bath had marble floor and counter, towel warmer, and a nice shower with good water pressure and temperature control.  We had a few issues, though minor ones. It was hard to regulate the room temperature. It was either freezing cold or a bit too warm. We chose to keep it on the cold side overnight, and…",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good base in fashionable part of London.,Stayed for one night with my wife. Room sise ok air conditioning meant room temperature was comfortable. Breakfast excellent with good choice. Very noisy in the morning (6-45) with what sounded like works going on but could not see anything fom the window. Sky sports not available on tv which was dissappointing. Shower and cleanliness very good. Overall i was happy but felt tired due to the lack of an adequate nights sleep. ,Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Hotel,"Really comfortable hotel and offered very good service.  Delivered breakfast with almost all extra requests at no extra cost - great service given by Anita the waitress in Madison's (the hotels restaurant).  Would definitely say this is worthy of it's 4 star rating.  Daniel - Grays, Essex. ",Date of stay: April 2007,5.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, no so great hotel","I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July 2005.  I got a corporate deal on this hotel which made it only $100 a night total.  For that price, this hotel was worth it.  The location is great - we could walk to Buckingham Palace and many other tourist attractions.  I do not think this hotel is worth more than about $150 a night.  We had trouble with the A/C and had to change rooms.  Even with working A/C, the cooling power wasn't enough to keep us comfortable.  We requested a fan, but they only had one fan and so we could only use it in one of our rooms.  We were with friends and the safe in their room didn't work  (a nice staff member came and fixed it).  Also, the heated towel rack did not work in one of the rooms.  The staff was friedly to us.  The conceirge provided us with…",Date of stay: July 2005,3.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1140-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Warning: Do not stay at this hotel. It has not been refurbished since 1989. The rooms are dark, small, the decor is shabby 1970's. We were booked in for the weekend and having seen our room and been offered an upgrade, which we took a look at but which was just as bad, we left the hotel. The only good thing was that the front desk manager tried to be helpful and recommended another hotel to us. ",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly suprised,"After reading the latest reviews I was almost dreading our visit to the washington Mayfair but thankfully we had a great stay. OK the lounge area could be spruced up a little but it had a great relaxed atmosphere with excellent, friendly staff and it's in a really good  location.  On arrival we were told we had been given a free upgrade and the room was quiet, well decorated and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was in good condition and had all the facilities we would expect.  The room had air conditioning and heating so we did not experience the problems with temperature some have recorded.  The TV's aren't the biggest but it was acceptable and we had a mini bar, trouser press, fax machine and ample wardrobe space. We had to wait about 20 minutes for breakfast but the staff were…",Date of stay: November 2006,4.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",My WORST stay in a hotel..,"I stayed there for 3 nights and it was the worst ever. The rooms are small and has a 1970's feel to it. It was hard to watch a miniature tv while feeling the crack of 2 twin beds pushed together!! The room service food was horrible and was brought up each time on a tray that looked like one from a high school cafeteria. On my last night there, in the middle of the night my A/C broke down. When I went to turn the A/C switch on and off, the lights in the room started to turn on and off instead!! I called and complained. When checking out, I asked to speak with the manager about the A/C. He took 25 mins to come to the desk to speak with me and only to tell me that there was nothing he could do to compensate me for the A/C breaking down (and it was really hot)! He couldn't even take…",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",A real dump,"For GBP150 per night, I was appalled at the condition of the hotel.  This was a 60GBP per night stay.  The lobby, restaurant, staff and rooms were all exhausted.  My room was hot as hell with no a/c and lots of noise from machinery outside all night.   The bed sagged in the middle. TV was miniature.   There are lots of great choices for fabulous hotels nearby and just slightly higher rates. I hope I never return to the Washington! ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Little better than a closet!,"Our room had a huge stain on the floor, the shower was moldy and the room was a ""deluxe"" and it was a size of a closet! Breakfast was so-so. Overall experience was luke warm. It is in a nice neighborhood was the only consession. ",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1145-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",a wonderful London experience,"I stayed at this hotel with my daughter and my sister June 24-June 26. I had checked it out several years ago while staying at other hotels in Mayfair. The rate was incredible for London, we were upgraded and given connecting non smoking rooms as requested on line. The rooms were really large for London. Service in the bar was poor but everywhere else it was VERY good. I would definitely stay there on my next visit to London. ",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, wonderful hotel","Stayed at this hotel from 23rd June to 26th June, excellent location in heart of Mayfair, nearest tube station 3 min walk. Oxford Street/Regent Street 15 min walk. Rooms lovely and clean, I needed an iron during my stay and asked concierge for it for the following morning. The next  morning it arrived on time,  with a smile very impressed!! Breakfast was included with the price of my stay, lovely English breakfast. Concierge very helpful and offered lots of friendly advice. Would recommend anyone staying here! ",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but...,"I had a basic room.  It is on the small side, but quite adequate given what other central London hotels can be like.  The furniture, including the bed, is tired and a little worn, but again, adequate.  Bathroom was small but clean and fine.  Concierge and other staff were very helpful and courteous.  The location really can't be beat; just a little more than a block away from Green Park station.  This is the biggest selling point for me; a nice room in a fabulous location.  The only warning I have is that I too seem to have issues with double charging.  It may be unrelated but... I had booked one night's stay through hotwire (my other night was a business expense).  Hotwire charged me but so did Mayfair, 2 days after my departure.  When I called, they nicely acknowledged the…",Date of stay: May 2006,2.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our Stay,"Stayed at the Washington for 2 nights with my wife and daughter for a shopping, sightseeing and theatre break during the Easter school holidays.  The location is perfect, one block back from Piccadilly and Green Park and a short stroll from Hyde Park.  The hotel looks a bit shabby from the outside but the lobby and public areas are very modern and bright.    Our room was a bit cramped for 3 people but, as we only slept there, perfectly adequate.  Bathroom was spotlessly clean and the plumbing worked well.  We appreciated the extra space in the minibar fridge for our own ""stuff"".  The concierge was very knowledgeable giving us various travel options that we needed to get around, we took buses from Piccadilly or walked mostly.  Breakfast was included and there was a wide selection…",Date of stay: April 2006,3.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",:(,"Very expensive, but not very good hotel in quite place the center of London. We were in this hotel with my colleagues and lived in three double rooms, and all rooms were not very clear and with very old furniture and devices. Rooms hadn't fixed a long time (from 50's might be). And the most terrible thing was THE SMELL. In all rooms was absolutely disgusting smell of VERY old hotel.   But, rooms were quite big. In rooms was hairdryer, potter and tea for free. Fridge, bathrobe, slippers. Breakfast was ok.   So, for me very bad price/quality ratio. ",Date of stay: December 2005,2.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1150-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Would definately go back!,"I recently spent a long weekend at the The Washington Hotel, Mayfair.  The hotel was beautiful and the room was very large, although the bed covers and curtains were a bit outdated.    We managed to get a good deal on the hotel through lastminute so the room price was really good but breakfast wasn't included but can be bought in the hotel for £17.95 (far too expensive in my opinion).  There is a number of small pubs about a 5 or 10 minute walk away which offers a full breakfast for £1.99 so if your anything like me you'll take the extra 5min stroll.  The staff within the hotel were very friendly and helpful...but you should expect to give them a tip when you so much as glance in their direction.  All in all the hotel had a good location and nice rooms and I would certainly go…",None,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Book it through Hotwire,"My wife and I stayed there for one night on March 18, 2006. We did the booking through Hotwire, so we got a pretty good rate (US$147 + tax). The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, but they were VERY slow for everything... When we got there, probably about an hour after we had done the booking, they still didn't have the reservation in their system (amazing, especially nowadays that everything is electronic) so they had to go and look for it, but that's ok. They only had one person at the front desk and she was completely swamped with work, so it was only after about an hour or more that they could find the reservation and proceeded with our check-in. They did give us an upgrade to a Junior Suite for the wait, which was a very nice gesture. It seemed like they needed a…",Date of stay: March 2006,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly good place to stay in Mayfair,My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights.  As London hotels in that price range go it was surprisingly good.  We had room 314 - very quiet (but remember to keep the curtains closed as the office block opposite seem to have the lights on all day and night).  Room was not too small - 6ft bed so lots of room plus a work desk large enough to actually work on. Furniture is a bit tired but completely acceptable and functional.  Concierge was very helpful getting taxis etc and the staff serving breakfast were very polite and friendly.  My husband ordered porridge which came within five minutes and was delicious!  We would certainly stay there again. ,Date of stay: March 2006,3.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Over rated and over priced,"This was a last minute booking gone wrong. While the location of this hotel can't be beaten, the description of the hotel (4 star deluxe) and the room categories create expectations that soon evaporate into thin air. Their 'state room with jacuzzi' turned out to be a pretty standard double room with a normal bath that had jets on the side. Not the same. Carpets are shabby. Furniture cheap. And the service was lacking - the phones to room service and housekeeping rang out and you inevitably had to revert to reception, which was short-staffed. Avoid at all cost. ",None,1.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Credit Card Fraud,"Regret staying in the hotel. Clear case of credit card fraud. While the payment to the hotel was made in cash, they also billed my credit card, which was given to them as a guarantee. It's been 15 days since I have been trying to get a reversal of charge.  Advice: Do not give them your credit card details or better still do not stay there.  ",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1155-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Location,"I stayed at the Washington in January 2006.  We got a really good deal, breakfast was included which was an added bonus as I wouldn't have like to think we were paying the full price on top of the room rate.  I chose to just have a bowl of fruit salad which was lovely, my colleagues all indulged in the full english breakfast, there was so much choice.  You could also have unlimited toast and there was the continental option also.    The area in which the hotel is in is surrounded by really nice bars and restaurants.  It is close to Barclay Square and Hyde Park.  A really nice affluent area of London (well, it looked that way to me!)  The rooms are typical with tea making facilities, towels, toiletries and bath robe.  My room was cleaned each day and the bed was made.  I stayed…",Date of stay: January 2006,3.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",They try very hard....needs some work though,"I stayed here for two weeks and overall I had a good experience. The location is great and the staff were always eager to help and friendly. The breakfast that was included in room price was wonderful. It was the same everyday and that got to be old, but it was a really good spread. My room was of decent size and had an ok view, but the carpets wore very worn and had stains and a sticky spot. We had several meetings in the conference rooms and each time a chair broke. There was also noticeable water damage in one of the rooms. The hotel has great bones and I feel the staff is committed to making it better. This is the only place I have stayed at in London, so I have nothing to compare it to. In addition, I imagine the location added to the price which I felt was a little high…",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel,"For the price we paid, £220 for a (small) double room from lastminute.com I was expecting better.  Tired, needs a good overall, carpets particularly poor.  Staff, willing but not very able, need more training - like when somebody is stood at the bar, serve them, do not continue cleaning ash trays!  I would guess this hotel is surviving on past reputation and location, which is good. ",Date of stay: November 2005,2.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",OK if you don't look at the detail,"I stayed here on business - the third team over 5 or 6 years. I always find the rooms small but adequate. The hotel was refurbished in 2004 but this seems to have extended only to the reception area and lifts. The rooms look unchanged to me. The shower in my room would not aim at me - so getting a good soak meant dodging round the bath trying to get water! And getting the bathroom light to stay on needed patience. But the room was warm (couldn't get it to go any cooler) and the bed comfy.  Breakfast is OK - typical hot/cold buffet. Service is OK as well though because English is not the native tongue of quite a few of the waiting staff some of the orders do get mixed up. On one occasion, my colleague and I ended up with two pots of tea despite our insistence that we'd already…",Date of stay: October 2005,3.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Not perfect, but close enough","I stayed at the Washington Mayfair on three occasions, for a total of ten nights, while in London on business in the fall of 2004.  The strong points:  1. The prices are very reasonble for a quality hotel in the West End.  2.  The hotel has one of the best locations in the West End: on a relatively quiet street, but only a 5 minute walk to the Green Park underground station and Piccadilly; 15 minute walk to any major location in the West End.    3.  Extra bonus for business travellers:  There is a Kinko's 24-hour business center less than 50 yards from the hotel.  4.  Superb staff.  This hotel has won certification as an Investor in People and it shows in the service.  The staff appear to go out of their way to be helpful, not only to guests but to passersby.  5.  My colleagues…",Date of stay: December 2004,5.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1160-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Would stay here again, recommend it","We stayed 9 nights at the Washington Mayfair in June, based on a friend's recommendation.  The location was great, and we got a decent rate on the hotel's website - 110GBP per nite, reasonable for the neighborhood and quality of the hotel.   Our first room was ok except for bizarre electrical problems - when one light switch was pressed, other lights in the room would also randomly go on (or off).  Meaning when one would get up during the night to use the bathroom, best do it in the dark or risk waking the other!  Also, the room safe jammed and wouldn't open (fortunately we tested it before putting anything inside).  We called downstairs about the safe right away, yet when we returned from dinner it hadn't been fixed (this was a Sunday, not sure what maintenance staff is…",Date of stay: June 2005,4.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good surprise,"After reading the reviews before we went, I was not sure what to expect but we were very happy with the accommodation; decor was fine, bathroom was very clean and in excellent condition, beds were very comfortable. We would have liked a kettle + tea and coffee-making facilities but otherwise have no problem with the room. The staff were polite and efficient, if not exactly friendly - as is usual in London hotels. Breakfast was of a very good standard. ",Date of stay: April 2005,4.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Nice surprise,"After reading some of the reviews was slightly concerned that the rooms might be tired and dated, but ours was standard and was really nice.  Staff ok and efficient, and location of hotel is excellent.  Breakfast good.  REcommended so long as you can get a late deal as we did. (Booked online) ",None,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Satisfactory Stay - price is key!,Stayed January 2005 - was upgraded on arrival free to a suite which was nice. The hotel is a little worn at the edges but staff were friendly and the restaurant Madisons very good.  Good location and reasonable price if you get a discounted rate through the web (up to 60%) - otherwise too pricey.  Don't go for the breakfast unless its included in the tarrif as there are good breakfast bars offering excellent fare within a 10 min walk at a third of the cost. ,Date of stay: January 2005,3.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",High price / low quality,"This was one of the poorest 4* hotels I have stayed in. The room was depressing and I tried to spend as little time in it as I could. The carpet was cheap, stained worn nylon, the furniture was ""walnut effect"" formica throughout and on the dressing table it was cracked and blistered. The sink in the bathroom was cracked right across the basin and the grouting between the tiles was dirty. The wallpaper was grubby and shabby. These rooms desperately need to be refurbished and in no way justify their 4* rating. On the postive side - the hotel is well situated and convenient for attractions such as Buckingham Palace and Regent Street shopping",None,1.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1165-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great location hotel,"We have just come back from a weekend at this hotel.  We thought it was lovely, our room was small but it had very nice decor and furnishing; it was very cosy.  The hotel is also excellently placed, there is an underground station very close and a wonderful bar/restaurant called Henrys which does great food. ",None,4.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Really enjoyed our stay at the Washijngton Mayfair,"We stayed at the Washington Mayfair in October 2004  on our second trip to London and found the Hotel to be very nicely up kept.    All the rooms were clean and attractively decorated and not too small by London standards.   The Breakfast Buffet was delicious and most  plentiful. We also enjoyed sitting at the bar in the evening having drinks and a light supper .    The location of the Washington Mayfair Hotel is only a short distance away to most major attractions.   The hotel staff were extremely attentive, friendly and courteous. Especially the concierge  who was right on the mark in recommending a show to see.  We enjoyed our Washington Mayfair visit  very much, but found London on the whole to be very expensive even coming from NYC.   Would definitely recommend the…",None,4.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mayfair... In address only!,"Someone take away 3 of this gaffs stars.. its might be Mayfair but it sure doesn't feel like it inside. Its Pure 1985.. nasty bedroom furniture the corridors stink of cigar/cigarette smoke ( and I'm a smoker!!). Breakfast is OK but whats the gratuity all about for a self service buffet?. There is so much hotel choice in London ... stay away from this place that trades on its Location and then it might close down , and then re-open with some new ideas and furnishings to match the room rates. ",None,1.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I like this hotel staff and location,I thought this was an  excellent location in London and I recieved very good service.  I do look forward to staying here again when I return to London on next year. ,None,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel and very worthy of its 4 star standard,"We were met at the Washington Hotel by the cocierge who took our luggage to the room and we cordially tipped him. The bedroom was of an excellent standard, television, settee, tea and coffee making facilities. We were also supplied with bath robes. Yes we thought this was sheer luxury.  Went out that evening to watch a show and thoroughly enjoyed it. We also decided to go to the Ritz Hotel where we had reserved a meal. The food was attractively served and sumptious. It was rather expensive but who cares this was London after all.  Breakast was on a continental bais. Yoghurt, fruit juice, croissants, cereal etc. Because of the excepitional deal we got from them we could not choose the English. The cost of a twin room for two, incuding continental breakfast was £87 per night. That…",None,5.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1170-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","Location, Location, Location  The location of this hotel is wonderful. It is within walking distance of most major attractions, or if one prefers an easy walk to the 'underground.' or buses. Concierges are most helpful. English breakfast is good.  Rooms nice.  My only complaint is with the phone system which is a bit antiquated. Would go back again. ",Date of stay: June 2004,4.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality hotel,Stayed in the Washington last Friday night - room quite basic but the bathroom was excellent (Executive room). The location is defintely the best part of staying here - so many quality restuarants just a stones throw away. Service was good although we were chased up to vacate our room at Midday on the dot - I'm sure an extra 20 mins wouldn't have made that much difference! Breakfast was excellent with plenty on offer. I would definitely recommend a stay here.,None,4.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Still a great Location but desperatly needs to be renovated,"Just back from our trip to 'jolly old London'. The Washington Mayfair has always been our choice hotel when we've visited London. However we started staying there 8 years ago and the decor has not changed since. This past trip the hotel was showing its age - the floors creaked, the carpet was worn and stained, even worse the bedding was worn and stained. It just didn't feel like a 4 star hotel anymore. Whats more, we paid 187 dollars/night and this didn't include breakfast not a very good value for you money. On the upside the staff is still friendly and helpful and the quiet location in the heart of Picadilly is still a nice perk. I just hope that they will be doing some major renovations soon.",None,3.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,This was my first visit to London and this hotel made my trip most enjoyable. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the rooms were cosy and clean.  The full breakfast was just what was needed to start a long day of sight-seeing!  Would definately return to this hotel and would highly recommend it.,None,5.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Not noisy outside... but noisy inside,"Despite what everyone has written, I was actually quite disappointed with The Washington Mayfair. True, the location is fantastic, on a quiet back street within two minutes of the tube, so there's no traffic noise - a bit of a rarity for London. The exterior and foyer are nice too, and the staff were friendly and helpful. However, for a four star hotel, I thought the rooms were average. The decor was old fashioned and in need of updating, and the net curtains at our windows were stained brown with cigarette smoke. (We ordered a non-smoking room and got a room that looked like it had been recently used for a Malboro convention. It STANK.) The bed was big and clean, but the furniture had seen better days.  However, undoubtedly the worst bit was that from 11pm in the evening, our…",None,3.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1175-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we needed!,A lovely hotel in a brilliant location. Breakfast was superb with so much to choose from. Room service was not over priced and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.,None,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",West End Delight,"Just spent 8 nights at the above hotel. Located two blocks from the Green Park Tube station and a ten minute walk from Bond Street. It's ideal for walking to the theaters and museums all over the West End. It's about a 20 minute walk to Knightsbridge. After being shown a few rooms, I naturally took the largest which was approximately 300 sq. ft. Had a new, decent size, marble bathroom with a jacuzzi in the tub.Breakfast was more than ample.There was even a small gym.Staff friendly and helpful.Found them on Lastminute.com. Room, bkft and Vat ran an average of 110 pounds a night.",None,4.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Super Washington,"Spent four nights at this very comfortable and friendly hotel situated in the heart of Mayfair and a short distance from major tourist attractions such as Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, and of course London's theatre district. Rooms were clean and comfortable and the full English breakfast is someting to really look forward to. I would recommend the Washington to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in central London.",None,4.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",I got ugraded,"I stay frequently at the Hotel. on my last visit they upgraded me to one of their state rooms without any extra charge! When asked why, well becuase it was the 5th time I was staying with them and this was there way of saying thank you. Well this is my way! Thanks Annette",None,4.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from Home,"The Hotel was an excellent find, a stones throw from Green Park, Bond Street, Oxford Street and Theatreland - what more could you want, saved so much on travel. It was our first time in London and we found that the concierge was excellent and made our trip even more memorable and the rest of the staff were very accomodating, made us feel at home. The breakfast buffet and the restuarant are highly recommended as well.",None,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1180-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Mind Blowing Food & Service,"I went to the Madissons Bar the other night on a date. Had a lovely time with my girlfriend in the bar - Great pianist, setting the perfect romantic atmosphere. We then went for candlelight dinner in their restaurant....WOW.....what an experience. the best salmon I have ever had complimented by excellent service. We had such a good time that we decided not to take the train home and stayed the night. What a lovely good night sleep!!! YOU MUST GO.....",Date of stay: February 2005,5.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Wonderful Washington,"What a fantastic find! The Washington is a privately owned hotel, right in the center of London. We were able to get to the theatre and see all the sights. very easily from here. Upgrade if possible to one of the mini suites - the jacuzzis are great!! Everyone was so friendly and helpful and not stuck up.",None,5.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Love the Washington!!,"Wonderful hotel, in a excellent location. The service was brilliant, and so was the room. I advise you to eat in the restaurant aswell!!!",None,5.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",The Washington Mayfair Hotel is great!,"The Washington Mayfair Hotel is a great place to stay near Piccadilly Circus. It's one block off the main road so it's quite, yet convenient to many fine restaurants and shops. The tube is a short walk from the hotel so all of London is practically at your doorstep. The food is great esp. breakfast. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There's a Kinkos, and Starbucks just up the road. You can catch a Hop-on-hop-off tour bus nearby as well. A 25 minute taxi ride from Heathrow to the hotel is around $50.00. After a long flight with lots of luggage it's worth it. This hotel is a hidden gem in London.",None,5.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel in London,"After looking around and comparing pricing / location ratio. This is the hotel that resulted in the best accomodation, direclty in the middle of everything.",None,5.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1185-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Well Located,We stayed at the Washington for a week in early May. The room and breakfast was excellent and the staff was helpful. We loved the location in Mayfair as it was central to many attractions either by foot or a couple of tube stops. Quiet neighbourood with many high-end restaurants nearby. Internet access (Kinko's) very close by for homesick travellers!,None,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192066-Reviews-or1190-Washington_Mayfair_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Washington Mayfair Hotel Reviews, London",Very Relaxing,Excellent location.  Close to all amenities and attractions. Staff very friendly. Food above average. We felt as though nothing was too much trouble. Not too over the top and we felt at home.,None,4.0
