,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or0-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't get to the hotel because my flight was cancelled and couldn't have a good way to contact you,"How do I contact some one to discuss my issue with my booking?  When I tried to contact you, you link that said ""contact us"" did not provide a way to contact you.  this is very frustrating.  If you don't want your customers to contact you, then don't have something that says ""contact us"".",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or0-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Staff Behavior,"The hotel is very good, looks new and clean. What we do not appreciate is the staff's behavior, especially the maids or the kitchen staff for breakfast. When we get off the elevator on the basement floor every morning for breakfast the first thing you hear is the loud talking and shouting. That noise is from the hotel staff in the kitchen. Sometimes while having breakfast in the breakfast room they are not considerate towards the hotel guests -- they were talking, shouting  and sometimes they are arguing among themselves, very loud and wouldn't stop. We heard these arguments every day we stayed there.   One of the staffers, the short woman with glasses, talked to the guests without good manners and with rude behavior with a bad attitude, especially on a morning when there were many guests and not enough tables during breakfast.  The breakfast is so terrible, especially the coffee and the orange juice. I never had anything like this is my trips around the world. The coffee was watered-down and the orange juice is probably made from powder with tap water and tasted like water not orange juice.…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or0-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A Basic hotel,"If you are looking for some where to stay in London for a night then this place is OK!. The beds are comfortable/clean, but the facilities in the room are rather poor! There was no kettle, tea/coffee.  If you are looking to have breakfast here, l would avoid it, the breakfast is aweful!!!! The coffee is aweful,the orange juice is watered down, and the breakfast is very poor quality!!",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or0-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",reasonable for those who want to spend time in hotel just to sleep,"Small and a family hotel, very well located (2 minutes walk from Paddington station). What mattered to us was the location and cleanliness (and the room was always clean). Breakfast is nothing special, with very little choice and a very limited time.  Reasonable for those who ( liked us ) just want to spend time in the hotel to sleep.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or0-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,Fantastic location to Hyde Park.  Staff very helpful and friendly. The hotel was spotless.  We don't eat breakfast so tea and toast was ok for us  15-20 mins to Madame Tussauds Very near Oxford Street.  Pubs and food just round corner,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or5-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Very clean hotel, great staff, convenient location","The hotel has its cons (small rooms, busy road in the front with lots of traffic and noise) but they are greatly outnumbered by its pros! It's very clean (room service does an excellent job every day) and the staff is very helpful and friendly, always willing to cater to the visitors' needs asap. The price of a single room per night is very reasonable, especially if you take into consideration the very convenient location of the hotel, near Paddington station and underground. The area has a vast variety of restaurants and pubs, so you can always find something to eat and drink according to your mood. All in all, the hotel is strongly recommended.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or5-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",London Short Visit,"Great location, short walk to Paddington Station, 15m by train to Heathrow Airport. Small Family Hotel. Small, clean and comfortable room. Great sleep. Friendly staff. Many restaurants around. Great value for money.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or5-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Altercation with Front Desk Manager,"My wife and I are currently staying at this hotel. Yesterday morning there was no hot water to take a shower, so I took a rather unpleasant shower with cold water. My wife refused to shower with cold water. We reported the problem to the front desk manager at 6:30 AM, and went out for the day at 8:15 AM.  We returned to the hotel at approximately 5:30 PM and asked the front desk manager if there was hot water. He explained that there was a problem with the hot water alarm system and that it was fixed at 10 AM. I asked for a small amount of money to compensate us for the inconvenience. He checked our room rate,  (we booked directly with the hotel). He asked the amount we would want and he suggested in an asking manner 5 or 10 GBP. I told him that the amount would be fine. He told…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or5-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Hyde Park overnight,"Good location, 15 minute walk to Hyde Park as we were here for the BBC Proms and wanted to be nearby, our room and hotel itself was spotlessly clean, the only issue I had was at breakfast time, and the reason being is they have this pokey little breakfast room which is clearly not big enough to accommodate steady amounts of guests coming down for breakfast, we as two people sat on the outer two seats of a four seater table as I do not wish to squashed up by the wall, but the lady working there wasn't happy with this and told me to ' please hurry up eating ' her words as we were blocking two other seats, I simply couldn't believe what I was hearing, it was Sunday morning and I just wanted a relaxing breakfast, needless to say we look left soon after, awful coffee, orange squash…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or5-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","AC? Maybe. Good location, but that’s it.","Went to this hotel on a business trip. Wanted a no frills, inexpensive place to sleep. I knew the rooms were tiny but that was OK with me. I made sure it had AC before booking it. Arrive at the hotel and the room is indeed tiny. Using the toilet, the washbasin sits on your lap. But wait, where’s the AC? Went to the reception and apparently my room was not in the 90% of the rooms fitted with AC. Bit bummed but the hotel was full, so I ask for a fan and they get me a tiny one that I had to place near my bed on top of a chair to be able to get some sleep. Try another night but it’s unbearable. I complain at reception and even though they admitted not being clear in the description - I showed them my booking saying AC fitted - the only option they give me is to upgrade to a double…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or10-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing Service, Great Location","We stayed at the Olympic House Hotel back in January. We were visiting London to tour some universities, and needed a cheap, centrally located hotel. When we arrived, we realized that we had booked the hotel for the wrong days (we did three days in London and three in Paris, and we had accidentally booked both accommodations for the days that we should've been in Paris). After informing the staff of our error, they moved us to a room for the correct dates at no extra charge. A big travel mistake almost caused a lot of hassle, that was all avoided due to the staff's patience and grace. Spot on for them! Really couldn't have asked for anything more service wise.  As for the hotel, it had a great location, in between Paddington Station, Hyde Park, and a few other Underground stops,…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or10-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Small rooms, but good location","We were there to see a show in Hyde Park and see sights.  Great location, right next to Paddington Station.  Staff was very nice.  Room basic and small, but we were not there for large room.  Needed to ask to get the air conditioning turned on each day.   Was worth the value.  Never ate breakfast, did not look interesting enough, crowed, would stay there agin",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or10-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value,"Had a quiet,comfortable room on the top floor.Staff were very helpful .Breafast was simple but efficient.Only complaint was slowness of Internet.Hotel staff told me that this would be improved in the near future.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or10-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice small hotel in Paddington area,"Came in solo for two nights, wanted to be within walking distance of Hyde Park British Summer Time Festival. The hotel is 5 minutes-walk from Paddington station. Easy to get there from Heathrow, and easy to get anywhere using tube. The room was fairly small with tiny bathroom. The décor is outdated. However, the room is clean and felt maintained. You need to open the window to cool-off as the A/C is activated only for a fee. Breakfast is simple continental breakfast but adequate. For the price paid ~ 75 GBP per night, it seems like a fair deal.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or10-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",easonable Budget Accommodation,"This is the fifth time I have stayed in this area of Bayswater and most of the small hotels are of the same standard. This hotel has been recently updated and was spotlessly clean. The staff were friendly  and helpful too. However, like most of the other hotel in Sussex Gardens the rooms are small. the two things which let this hotel down are firstly the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the room.  there is a facility adjoining the reception area but you have to ask the receptionist to prepare whatever you want. Secondly the breakfast was hardly worth getting up for. As it was only served until 9am even at weekends and what was on offer was very poor. Consisting of cornflakes and bran flakes cereal, cheese and meat slices, hard boiled eggs, pre packed chocolate…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or15-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value & Location,"We were very pleased with our experience at Olympic House Hotel! This was our first trip to London and we had a very full itinerary so we wanted to stay somewhere with easy access to transportation and Heathrow Airport. The location was perfect, the staff very friendly, and facilities very clean and comfortable. We will stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or15-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic/ Good Location,"I stayed at Olympic House for 1 night. The Hotel is situated a very short walk from Paddington Station and has a number of bars and places to eat in the immediate vicinity.  I had a twin room to myself. The room was an adequate size (could be a bit of squeeze if there were 2 of you staying for more than a few days) and was clean. The room has a TV, wardrobe and chest of draws. There are plenty of sockets for charging phones etc.  The bathroom was compact, but was clean and had a walk in shower.  There is free Wifi in the hotel, but was not very good in my room, which was on floor -1...... Due to being in the basement, it meant that you can hear the underground trains very clearly.  So i did have trouble sleeping, whilst the underground was running.  Reception staff were…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or15-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Just Enough!,"I enjoyed my stay at Olympic House Hotel. The room was small - just enough for one - but that was all I needed. The staff was friendly and there was always someone available if you needed them for any reason. Breakfast was included which is convenient- I never woke in time to take advantage of it but it was good to know it was there if I wanted it. The hotel is in a great location with restaurants, the Paddington underground and Hyde Park nearby. It warmed up during my stay and I had to open the window which was one downside. Otherwise, the heat was fine when I first arrived. I would go back in the future. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or15-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Take you ear plugs !,Its a nice little hotel but the rooms have single glazing and if the room is next to the road then expect a restless night. We asked for a room move and were offered a triple room which was free but would have to pay the difference! The breakfast is adequate but the orange juice isn't to great. Coffee has a weird taste to it and is probably the worst I have ever had. Tea is tasteless.,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or15-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor service,No Internet access no place to make a cup of tea and by far the rudest front desk person I have ever met I asked for the use of an iron and I got told to fuc;:&£bring my own and he checked my id every time i came back Even though he knew it was me really really childish behaviour One person let the whole side down shameful really,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or20-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great Customer Relations,"We booked a reservation here for two nights. Upon arrival we realized we booked for the wrong nights!  The desk receptionist was wonderful. She was able to switch our reservation and we had a place to stay! The room was small yet impeccably clean. Breakfast was more than adequate. Staff was friendly, except for a grumpy man unhappy about our six a.m. check out.  Location cannot be beat. Safe and quiet.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or20-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"I have just returned from a weekend, shopping, break with my daughter (15 years)  It is indeed in the PERFECT location for Paddington and also for a number of well priced restaurants in the evening in walking distance. Easy walk to Hyde park and my daughter and I walked to oxford street in about 20 mins  Check in was swift and easy, although I did feel that the receptionist could have stood whilst she booked us in, not to mention a smile We were both very pleased with our twin room at the top of the hotel, albeit a little small, we were only there for 2 nights, so it was fine.  Apart from an m&m was on the floor the room was clean and the bathroom looked like it had been recently refurbished as it was spotless. A little bit more shelving or a wider ledge in the bathroom would…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or20-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here for five nights, which was fine as a solo traveller, but may have been harder with a family as the room I had was tiny (as were the hallways and general areas). It was clean and received housekeeping every day which was great. It was a bit of a pricey stay for a room so small, but in the middle of London you can't expect much else. The location was excellent, close to stations and Hyde Park, and the street itself wasn't ever too busy. The room was a little dated, but the bathroom looked like it had been redone recently and was nice and modern. Breakfast was good, a fair amount of options and staff in the breakfast room were always very friendly. I had an issue with my door card/lock on my door that would continuously stop working every time I left my room. The staff…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or20-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Value for the money,"stayed a few days in the Olympic House Hotel; nice clean room, simple but good breakfast, helpful staff and best of all: within a few minutes walking distance from Paddington station and from there any part of London is of easy reach.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or20-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Spotlessly Clean,"Stayed with my husband for 2 nights, in a double room, 303. After reading reviews, we were very apprehensive about the hotel before our trip, but I can honestly say, it was perfect. Reception, helpful & friendly. Room, albeit small, was spotlessly clean, it had everything you needed, but I have to say, I did miss tea/coffee making facilities, but that’s just me, I love my tea. Bathroom is tiny, (I could sit on the bed & open the door) but again, spotlessly clean & to me that’s very important. Breakfast was between 7.30-9am. Selection, of cereal, ham, cheese, boiled eggs & crossiants filled with Nutella. We were given 2 rounds of toast, which definitely filled the gap. The only negative, was that as the breakfast room is so small, we actually had to share a table with another…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or25-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for a short stay,"Stayed for one night while attending a 2 day conference in London. Perfect for my requirements, the rooms are certainly small but I found it cosy. Bathroom and room was clean, the staff were really accommodating in storing my bag both before check-in and after check-out. Only drawback is no free wi-fi.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or25-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Solid for a short, solo stay; VERY clean","Stayed here for a few nights recently while in-town on personal business. This was a perfectly acceptable hotel with some bright spots unfortunately undermined by some bad bits; if I was only going to be in-town for a few days and was traveling by myself, I'd stay here again, but not otherwise. I paid roughly £48/night.  Positive: - room was very, very clean - bathroom was likewise quite clean, and the shower was genuinely fantastic - great water pressure, good temperature, and didn't splash any water on the floor - check-in easy and reception friendly - location is excellent - five minute walk or so from Paddington, where you can catch Heathrow Express, multiple Underground lines, and National Rail lines - relatively cheap  Neutral: - room was tiny, which didn't bother me as I…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or25-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY IN #502!!!,"My daughter and I (40 and 60) checked in for two nights.  The young man at Reception was very kind.  While waiting for my daughter to check us in, I walked 8’ to the adjoining (UNMARKED/NO DOOR) room, anticipating tea/coffee/water, as I could see a gentleman drinking on the couch.  When I walked past the opening and looked to the right, there was a woman slicing tapas on a bar.  Nothing was said by either of them, just angry, scowling stares.  I backed out, deducing they must be the Owner/Manager/Operators, in an area they use for themselves.  Our room was #502, directly on the sidewalk; it appeared the Owners lived in the sub-sidewalk level apartment, directly below #502.    The coverlets of our room were of questionable cleanliness; we wouldn’t even SIT on the beds, and had to…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or25-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location & Nice budget hotel,"I arrived into London the day Prince Louis was born. The B&B is close to the Paddington station (3mins by walk). It's situated close by Hyde park - about 10mins by foot. The hotel (family hotel or B&B) is situated among a group of B&B and hotels in the same lane. I was welcomed by Alex in the reception who was a brilliant lad. Though I was early i was lucky to have my room as soon as i arrived. He ran me through the hotels dos&dons, its facility's and some things to do in the city. The room was small, but i suppose being a historic building thats how it comes. The bathrooms were clean and had running hot water even late at night. The rooms had AC & heater that was controlled from the reception. Breakfast special - toast, ham, coffee/tea, some english cakes, choice of juices and…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or25-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant surprise,"Based on some of the reviews I read I had some apprehension going here, but I needn't have done so. My room was small, but it was a single, and had been recently refurbished. It was clean and well laid out. The bathroom, while small, was quite adequate and the shower was good pressure and good temperature.   Breakfast was adequate. Not exciting, but better than some similar hotels.   A few niggles - only one pillow, no free Wi-Fi and no coffee facility in the room. I don't know what they did to the coffee at breakfast, but it was pretty bad!  Very happy to go back there.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or30-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Here for 2 nights, considering making it 1","The room seems fine so far and the place is quaint and simple - the temperature in London is great!!! Highs in the 80s today. The hotel has decided not to turn on the AC as yet as its not the summer time... wait what? I called and thats the response I got, not possible as its centrally controlled and I guess management doesnt see fit that AC is needed yet. Well here I am planning to walk around all day in this 80 degree sum shiny weather and come back to a sauna. Not sure abt that piece for tonight will reconsider staying here and opt for a hotel that focuses on guest comfort. Disappointed. Also wifi is not free and when you try to purchase the portal has been down, error on page.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or30-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and clean. Otherwise a bit sad.,Good location. 15 mins walk to Oxford street. Good and clean place but very basic. Quiet at night. Staff nice and helpful but reception lady a bit gruffy... a smile would help a lot. Breakfast below expectations. The tv was not working. We paid the extra cost to have wifi in the room - but was very weak.,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or30-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for one person,"I had to travel to London for an emergency and ended up staying at this hotel for almost 3 weeks. Needed a centrally located hotel and this place met that criteria. Room and bathroom were clean, cleaning ladies did a fair job. Room was small and comfortable when I was staying by myself, got a bit tight when my husband joined me for part of the stay. Difficult to keep big suitcases in the room, and the room itself didn't have a lot of amenities like a fridge/minibar. Breakfast was basic, I only had it occasionally. Management was very helpful and cooperative with me changing the check out date frequently, that too in the middle of August. Good price for the location. Will stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or30-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed during the snow,"Booked this last minute due to travel disruption during the recent snow. I usually stay in large chains, but got this small single for £55 including a basic breakfast.  The room was 6 x 10 and the very clean bathroom was installed in what must have been the wardrobe previously. But it was warm and cosy despite temps of -4 degrees. The bedding was clean and fresh. Luckily there are small shops, bars and places to eat around the corner on London Street or 4 mins walk at Paddington station, as the only things available at the ""hotel"" are water ( litre) cost £3, tea or coffee. There was no bar or lounge, just the small reception with a small sofa, where the wifi was a little patchy. I requested a quiet room , high floor and was lucky to be on the third floor, however the walls are…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or30-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, decent hotel, awful breakfast","We stayed for four nights. Not the best experience. We chose it for the location(it is near Hyde Park area, close to Paddington Station) and for the price( good compare to London decent offers but not so good for services provided). The staff not very nice, the room small, big problems with heat( very cold during first 3 nights although we complained to the receptionist).  The wifi not available ( in the lobby was free but didn’t work). If you want to use wifi in your room you have to pay( not too nice). ‭The breakfast very, very poor, less than typical continental breakfast: some toast, pre packed croissants, slices of ham and cheese, cereals -2 choices; for drink only tea, coffee or cheap orange juice( the same every day). And we did not have it for 2 days as the times were…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or35-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable by London Standards,"Booked reasonable short notice and most of the hotels were £300 per night.  So  very reasonably priced.  Clean and basic.  Room very small with even smaller bathroom and shower.  If you want a basic, clean hotel close to Paddington station this is ideal.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or35-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but wifi reuined it for me","Nice small room, good value, shower small but nice. Free wifi in the lobby and paid for at 5 pounds per night with allegedely more speed and service in the rooms.  I paid. The first night not working at all and front desk could do little since it's an outside service. Worked next two nights, but speed not all what I expected.  I had better service at Paddington Station Starbucks for the same price and got a latte to boot.  If you need wifi for business like I do, don't stay here.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or35-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good for price,"I booked this because it was close to Paddington and inexpensive. It lived up to my expectations. Great bars on the block and easy access to the trains and Underground. Breakfast was sparse and packed. We had to share a table with a couple and then they were rushing people out so more people could come. It was a fine pace to stay for a night or two, room was normal size for a city, but internet costs extra.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or35-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Clean Facility, Poor Service","I stayed at this hotel for three nights. Two in our party where put on the third floor and the other two in the basement. Yes, this hotel has rooms in the basement. That might have been fine, except, the weather had turned colder and there is no in room heat control (it is central). Without exaggeration, we could see our breath the first night. Upon advising of our concern, the hotel staff person, or owner, just waved her hands and said ""They're nothing they do"", including switching our room to an upper floor (the hotel was not full). Bottom line, it took advising of writing here, before they finally offered a space heater, but that was it. Again, clean, but I'd recommend looking at other hotels near Paddington first.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or35-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Not good,"This is one of the worse hotels I have stayed in. The service was ok when we arrived. The room was very small, the bed and sheets very uncomfortable. There was 1 tiny pillow each and on request for additional pillows, they had 1 very hard pillow left as the hotel was full. The room was very warm however you have to call reception to activate air con which after reading reviews on here we did not want to do because looked like they are reluctant to do so. The bathroom was tiny with barely enough room and the shower again small, but the shower head did not stay securely in 1 place and aimed to the right which sprayed the whole bathroom and soaked anyone who attempted to move the angle.   The breakfast was pathetic, we did not have it the first day as the times were too early…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or40-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very luxurious ,Newly refurbished hotel. No expense spared. Just walk into reception & you'll understand what I mean. Only problem I had was there was a shortage of tables in the breakfast room. Had to sit with someone else's child which was ....awkward. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or40-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly reception, excellent proximity to transportation and clean",My daughter and I spent five days in London. We were very pleased with this hotel. The afternoon clerk was friendly and helpful in recommending good places to eat. Being close to Paddington Station and the Underground was very convenient. Our room was sparkling clean. My only complaint was the room temperature which wasn't easy to control. It was either too cold or too hot. Nevertheless I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or40-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,"My third time visiting London, I stayed at Olympic House Hotel for 7 days. I will now write the pro's and con's about the hotel, starting with the con's (but do not forget to read the pro's!) Con's: - Tiny room - Noisy from the outside - The breakfast was a bit disappointing, but I did not go from there starving (so it's a con/pro thing) - Tiny bathroom - They don't have free WiFi (biggest con to be honest) - The sheet on the bed constantly fell off, every night (but we didn't ask for a new one, so that might have been our fault)  Pro's! - The staff was really nice. Says hi and goodbye every time you enter and leave. - It's walking distance from everything!! 4-5 minutes to Hyde Park, 1-2 minutes to Paddington station, 15-20 minute walk to Oxford street (which you can take the…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or40-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel is not recommanded.,"The hotel was a real disappointment, that's why it is important for me to share my experience with you. The rooms are really tiny, noisy. there are no basic facilities such as AC, WiFi, kettle and mini bar. They are stingy, we asked to turn on the heating at nights, and only after couple of days they turn it on for three hours at night. There is no room at breakfast, and the food is poor. There are better hotal for that price in the same neighborhood.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or40-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful,Booked a double room got told sorry will give you a tein in the basement with a window that looks at a wall and lets very little light in  Booked with free internet to find that is only available in the reception but you can pay £5 a day  No drinks in the room but you can get it from reception coffee £5.50 a go the shower is so small I hope you go on a diet before getting in  Been in seeral hotels in the last 4 weeks in London this is the most I have paid and worst by far so shop around,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or45-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful by reservation - They will charge you for cancellation,Normally the hotels do not charge for cancellation - but Olympic House Hotel does if you book or make a reservation 60 days in advance. It's not easy to see this fee - so please pay attention... The rooms seem very small - so I've found another hotel not far away - with cancellation without fee.,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or45-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A great stay at Olympic House,Great room. Clean and very good service. Especially from our helpful concierge Costas. A great and affordable place to stat. The breakfast was good but simple. The hotel is located 2 minutes from Paddington station. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or45-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice staff, great location, but...","The staff was very nice, and the hotel was clean. The location is very close to Paddington Station, so you can get to anywhere you want in London. That said, the rooms are small, the showers tiny, and the breakfast is less than a typical continental breakfast in the cheapest of US hotels. The wifi is horrendous, and their online system doesn't work. If you want to use wifi in your room, you have to pay cash at the desk.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or45-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The hotel is situated in sussex gardens, only a 2 minute walk from the paddington underground station and 15 minute walk from oxford street. Great location, descent breakfast, and good cleaning services. However no wifi is provided in the rooms, just the reception area.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or45-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and clean.,"This is an small hotel in a great location. Close to the first stop of Big Bus ( hop on hop off ), close to Paddington Station and some good Lebanese Restaurants. We were 4 people and our room was really small , specially the bathroom but was clean. The breakfast was included and I can say it was ok . The staff members weren't too much outspoken neither the type that can make that little difference with the exception of night-shift guy,  Alex. He was so nice and helpful with the extra tips and information he provided to us that he made our stay much better. Highlights : Great location, just a few blocks from Hyde Park. ( like the average hotels in Paddington where we stayed before)",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or50-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to stay,"Stayed here for few nights in December. The hotel is pretty basic but really cute. Small rooms, but always clean, towels were changed everyday. Heater was working only specific times but as the room was small, it was kept warm. Breakfast was OK, and stuff always smiley and helpful. The location of the hotel is great, 5 minutes walking distance from the nearest tube station (Paddington) and also close to coffee shops, and restaurants around. Pleasant stay in general and good value.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or50-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,Small nice hotel quiet at night quite clean very very near Heathrow Express only 5 mins away by foot have few pubs and restaurants around. If u do bus tour hop on hop off it's easy to get there. Breakfast is ok.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or50-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good price and great location,"This hotel is great, as long as you don't have super high expectations. I mean that in a nice way. If you're looking for the hilton, this isn't it. But if you're looking for a clean, convenient place to sleep at night while you're in London, this is perfect. The rooms are small, but were always clean. One thing to note is the shower is VERY small (about 2 ft x 2 ft), so if you're on the larger side it would be a tight fit. We stayed during a warm-ish week in December (upper 40's/low 50's) and we couldn't control the heat, so some nights were a little warm. The window can be cracked open though to make it more comfortable. Had it been colder the heat would've been perfect.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or50-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A good place but some small aspects to consider,"From Heathrow to Paddington Station is a 15 minute direct train ride.  Once you get to Paddington, there are a number of places to stay.  I stayed at the Olympic House Hotel.  It is exactly what you would expect as a budget hotel.  Saying that, it is clean, comfortable,convenient and safe.  That is what you can expect.  The room is about 7 1/2 feet wide and about 12 feet long.  The bathroom is small but again, all of this is expected.    A couple of minor points though.  You can purchase wifi from an independent provider and I found it to be sporadic at times.  It was 15 pounds for the week.  Also, the breakfast was the same every single morning.  You are grateful that it is included but they could do minor change ups but it is exactly the same.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or50-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","For a no frills experience, it’s fine","The hotel was good for the price. It was only a block from Paddington station, some restaurants and a red tourist bus stop. Quiet at night. It was small, which I’d imagine is standard for London. The rooms and common areas were clean except for some stains on the bed spread.  I’d stay there again but rely on the staff for precisely zero assistance.   One woman on the front desk was very rude. I asked whether they had a bus map and she implied I was too stupid to understand the map. Except the map that she gave me had no bus routes listed on it at all. It was just a bunch of tourist restaurants and coupons. Had I followed her map reading skills and believed her charade of pretending to know what she was talking about, we would’ve ended up in France.   The breakfast selection was…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or55-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good 3 star hotel but very hot,"It is a good 3 star hotel, comfortable if it was not for the very high temperature of the room. No AC as well.  Wouldn't go back there because of that.   Otherwise, the room was reasonably sized, the bed comfortable and very nice location.   The breakfast could be better, it is serviceable but rather limited in choices. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or55-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Tourists,Nice hotel  seems to be clean and well located close to Paddington Station. Rooms are small but adequate. We stayed a week here. WiFi from lobby was slow and free but worked ok with few people using at same time. Ok early in am. Breakfast included in clean modern area in basement. Very adequate but no fruits provided ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or55-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,This hotel was picked for its price and location (very close to the Paddington Stations). The hotel is on a very quiet street. The rooms are typical European--small but clean and comfortable. I just wish they used a fitted sheet of a flat sheet that could go under the mattress. Internet in the lobby is free but you need to pay to get access in the room.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or55-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",horrible service - I was scared to walk past the front desk,"My cousin and I checked in, and the receptionist only gave us one key. I asked for another one because there would be three of us and he said no, I can't. (Um ok?) We paid for internet for the week, but there is free wifi in the lobby. It said it was a no smoking hotel, but when we entered the hotel room, it smelled like cigarettes, especially the bathroom. We asked for an air re-freshener and they were able to provide. The room was okay (old and worn out); the washroom was bright and clean. The windows only opened a bit and I went to the front desk to ask about air conditioning (because on the thermostat, it said to ask them). The front desk guy told me that it wouldn't be fixed for a few days. I was furious because it was so hot and humid and we were staying there for 5 days.…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or55-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased ,"We arrived at the hotel and overall the experiance was good the receptionist was extremely friendly which was a good sign and the rooms were clean, however there was no duvet on the beds and they was only old cotton blankets wrapped in sheets it was nice for the heat as we could remove them however I could imagine in winter it would get very cold, the only bad part of our stay was the breakfast service it the waitress was rather rude in her general attitude towards myself and my gf as we had never been here before we was waiting to be seated as there was no other space and we got a death glare from her to start then she asked us to sit on a dirty table of which was cleaned after we sat down, we then asked if there was cooked food and we got a very abrupt NO! All we had was a…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or60-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Skip it,"I expected the rooms to be small. That was okay. It seemed cleaned but the beds were HORRIBLE! You could feel the bed springs in the beds!!! And they wouldn't turn on the AC even though the day temp was in the 80's. Often our wet towels that we tossed in the tiny shower were simply re-hung.... ""Breakfast"" is served but not very 'enjoyable'. The owners spoke English but were not helpful with tourist information ( a few people behind the desk spoke next to nothing of English). Skip it. There has to be better. I picked this based on a Rick Steve's recommendation. Not doing that again. It was only two blocks from the train station. NO FREE WI FI and even when you pay for it, it didn't work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or60-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Decent location, dank, old with useless stafff","Good location, close to paddington station. Got a room that was located in the basement. Smelled like old cigarettes. Could hear everything above us, including walking around.  Breakfast was annoying because you are forced to sit with strangers by kitchen maids although several tables are open, they hold these for parties of 4 or fill tables up with 4 people at a time before letting you use another one. Food is mediocre, but continental consisting of cereal, coffee, croissants, juice hard boiled eggs and toast (that's literally everything).  Beds were horrible and you can feel the metal through the mattress.  I asked the old man at the desk for an iron he told me to check in the morning. I came back in the morning, he told me to talk to chamber maids about it. They told me to…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or60-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Location was good and thats about it,"Hotel  This hotel is on a street full of small hotels, parking is non existent and we had to follow some random man in a shirt to park up 2 streets down. Some random negotiation between him and another guy and we handed over £10 - very strange. The welcome was also a bit strange with I think the receptionists parents sat in chairs at the front looking everyone up and done.   Room  This looked out onto the street on the 1st floor. Not a bad size, clean and tidy on the inside - sadly previous guests who couldn't be bothered to head outside to smoke have hung out the window and left butts on the sill and porch top for all to see. No tea making facilities so my wife was furious to think we had to go downstairs and pay for a pot of tea.  Breakfast  This was ok, but I think not being…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or60-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and reasonable value for a no-frills hotel (3+/4-),"One of many hotels that are within a short walk of Paddington Station, the Olympic House Hotel was a pleasant stay for our 5 nights in London.  Our room had a double bed and 2 twins which just barely allowed for space to walk around the room, but was perfect for our family of 4. The room was very clean, and the beds were comfortable.  Outside noise was never a big issue either.    Our biggest complaint was the lack of free wifi in the room, and extremely variable wifi performance in the lobby sitting area.  At times, it was simply unusable and unfortunately this was often in the morning when usage was high, and we needed it most of plan our day.  The other mediocre part of our stay was the free breakfast.  It's the same every day and includes coffee, juice, packaged croissants,…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or60-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, clean rooms, great location","It's great arriving at Paddington from the Heathrow Express and having only a short last leg of the trip to the Olympic House. Rooms are small for the most part. But they did a big renovation a few years ago, and everything works nicely. For the price, the hotel offers good value.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or65-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nothing more","Very poor Internet connection. If you need good Internet, you should go outside to do your work. Good location, nothing more. For this price, you can find better hotel. The room was clean, but very small.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or65-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel for longer business visits and very short stays,The rooms and other facilities are perfectly clean. The rooms however microscopically small. Just big enough for a king seize bed and 80cm around. Internet in the rooms has to be paid extra. Breakfast is limited but just enough. Staff is very supportive. Situated in the hart of London makes it an ideal place for a London visit,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or65-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",O.K. but could be better,"Decent hotel with good location next to LOTS of other hotel options, which one should review before staying here.  Pros: support staff, younger workers, location, cleanliness Cons: older, very grumpy female ""head manager"", charging for wifi",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or65-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very Comfy,I spent the last five days at the Olympic House Hotel as I was working in London and for what this site has to offer was in my terms very good as it did offer continental breakfast at no extra cost. I seemed what to be a double room with shower very clean very tidy and also i could not fault the staff very helpful and polite from reception and the staff who served breakfast. What made it special on the Easter Sunday i was presented with a Easter Egg very thoughtful,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or65-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Unpretentious hotel in a fantastic location,"I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years.  Large hotel rooms don't have any appeal for me, so this hotel suits me fine.  The location is its biggest asset, walking distance to amenities and attractions.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or70-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Family outing in europe,"There are a handful of hotels in the entire street, however all of them were more like service apartments. This hotel is also no different, small rooms with no facilities. However the location in good Hyde park, pedington station,  are at a walking distance. For tourists the red bus stop is right behind the hotel. The staff are cordial, epically for hindi speaking tourist they will make you feel at home with the language. However the owner of the hotel also stays in one of the room and they are like preety strict and at times annoying, but at least you can grant them for their age. Price is on the higher side for practically no facilities.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or70-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel in Paddington,"Had a two night stay at the Olympic and for £65.00 a night it was OK , better than a lot of the flee pits I have stayed in areas of Paddington and Earls Court. My single room was small but had all I needed for two nights. The hotel is well maintained and cosmetically clean and I would think recently decorated. On the down side breakfast is basic and observations suggest using the cheapest possible products, wifi is £10 a day and no coffee making facilities in the room although you can but drinks , a pot of coffee is £5.50, best option would be to go around the corner to Costa , where coffee is £2.45 and the wifi is good and free. in summary I would stay again but would look around first. Hotel owners should always remember we do have a choice!!",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or70-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Average and decent,"The location is 5 minutes walk from Paddington station and Praed Street, where you can find some restaurants. Nothing else I found in that area. The rooms are very small but clean. Very small bathroom and shower. Breakfast is also average. You have to purchase a coupon for Wifi - 10 pounds a day or 30 pounds a week, and you can use it with only one instrument at the same time. For $200 a night, this is probably the best you can get in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or70-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",''Good value and friendly staff'',"Very compact hotel but in a great central location, the rooms were small but clean and nicely decorated, it was in my opinion very good value for money considering the location, the staff were also very friendly and helpful, another plus for the hotel is its proximity to a variety of great restaurant's and bars all within walking distance and again the staff went out of their way in helping with selection location etc.  all in all a pleasant experience.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or70-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"Good location, clean.  Small room, expensive, no complimentary coffee or tea, no facility to prepare your own drinks such as a kettle.                                  Not all Staff seemed to be happy to be working there.  Paid WiFi, really!  ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or75-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A good deal.,"We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel at the beginning of September.  It looked and smelled like it had recently been refurbished and was very clean throughout.  Staff were pleasant and helpful.  Reasonably priced for London, a short walk from Paddington Station and close to many eateries. A basic continental breakfast was included. We will definitely go back there.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or75-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very ordinary London-style hotel,"We booked there because of the price, showed the lowest among the list with Eurostar. Actually, the place is close to Paddington station, so very good access, a bit far from Oxford Street. We booked double room, but as visitor with big suitcases, it was a bit small, but acceptable. The room was very clean. As you know, for the most reasonable hotels in London, especially such a small house hotel, you will only get some breads with ham/cheese/egg, cereal, and yogurt. No need to explain the quality. Don't expect too much. If so. you will enjoy your stay there.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or75-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Hotel ,Me and my family visted the hotel.  Omg never again  . It was dirty.  The room we were put in was for a family of 4 . It was  like  a cardboard box.  You could not open the windows because there were bars on the windows.  The plugs were hanging of the  wall . We did not have a good night's sleep because of the noise from the people above us !!!!,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or75-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean...budget hotel!,This hotel is very clean and the whole property is well maintained. The rooms are small and the breakfast is poor but ok to start your day. The staff is just doing their job...nothing more. The area feels quiet and peaceful. The underground is just 3 minutes walking and Oxford street 15 minutes. Is very good for short stay or just for a nap.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or75-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location clean and safe,"Perfect location, fast train into London from the Airport, short walk, and into a safe clean hotel. I base myself here and then travel where I need to leaving my stuff here, with no worries at all. Very clean nice staff, and nothing goes missing. Paddington has good places to eat, and nice pubs, and you can get to any place in London easy.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or80-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Important Wifi Note,"We knew in advance that we were going to have to pay for the wifi (5 pounds per hour, 10 per day, or 30 for a week), but what we didn't know until after payment was that only one device can be connected to it at a time.  Also, in order to change the connected device, we had to shut down the device each time before it would work.  If internet access is important to you/people you're travelling with, stay away.  Beyond that, our room smelled like sewage, which came and went in powerful doses from the bathroom.  Our door (and by the sounds of it, all of them) couldn't be closed without being slammed.  Breakfast was basic but decent.  Less than five minutes from Paddington Station, so great location, and despite the smell, the entire hotel was incredibly clean.  Not all-around…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or80-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Really rather poor,"This hotel is really rather poor.  The rooms were very small, bathrooms are tiny.  Initially as i booked through hotwire thet tried to give me a single room - more the fault of hotwire - but that room was very small - almost uninhabitable  after paying for a double room noticed that this room - while just about passable was also very small, bed was not comfortable, scratchy blankers.  Customer service was pretty terrible.  Avoid this place!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or80-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good bed quality, clean and good location","The rooms are small but still enough room to move about and open our suitcases.The beds were a very good quality with great sheet quality too.  The pillows were hard though.  The bathroom was newly remodeled and the room had fresh paint as did the entire hotel lobby and breakfast room.    The breakfast was very basic and the same thing everyday.  We stayed 6 days so we were tired of it.  The breakfast staff was very nice.  The lobby staff was not as friendly and always said they had ""to ask"" if when we asked for things.     Location is great and the 23 bus takes you a half block away from downtown.  Paddington is also so close with the Heathrow Express.  Restaurants also a block away.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or80-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting behaviour from the manager,"his is the most racist hotel I've ever come across. I am a UK citizen and because I am an expatriate in Africa, they refused my booking on the grounds my card was declined.  Upon calling the bank, they assured me that this is not true. The manager of the hotel shouted at me and basically told me to go and find another hotel. absolutely disgusting",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or80-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Room 502 was a three bed room right off the road.  The room was clean and they did a good job with giving us clean towels every day. Breakfast was not great compared to other hotels on the same strip, but it was food. The cons of this hotel werethe beds are old hard and cheap. The room was on the road and everyone who smoked would do it right out side the window including the owner. If your looking for a hotel on a budget in a good location try one of the others.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or85-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean convenient and reasonably priced,We stayed here by accident having booked a hotel just along the road then found they had over booked and sent to us this hotel instead.  Not much to say but the hotel was clean reasonably priced or at least the price paid for the other one was! The breakfast was basic but ok. If you are on a budget for a central London hotel this will do fine.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or85-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",'Exceptionally clean but basic',"I've used this hotel on many occasions for business due to the locality to Paddington. I've returned because the hotel is exceptionally clean, friendly and reasonably priced with comfortable rooms (if a little small). The hotel has obviously benefitted from a refit at some point and has been well maintained. The en-suite bathrooms are modern, hygienically clean with toiletries provided. The only real complaint is the breakfast. 'Minimalistic' probably best describes the offering with toast, cereals, eggs, ham, cheese and juice forming the majority of the items to eat.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or85-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable,"Having booked in another hotel down the road and found due to an administrative error hey had no rooms, I was transferred to this hotel. The pictures on the Trip Advisor site does not do it justice as it has clearly been modernised and has a proper hotel reception feel to it when you enter. It is airy and appears spacious at first inspection. The receptionist was very friendly. The room cost was £80, and you got what you paid for in central London. It was a basic single bed room, with shower room and toilet. The decor was good, clean and had a nice general appearance. It was however a small room and you cannot expect much in a location like this at this price. The location is a few minutes walk from Paddington station, which is a big plus side for me as I was only coming down…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or85-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Central but...,Convenient small hotel at Sussex gardens.  We arrived at 1:30 am.  Heating was off.  We requested to be turned on and got the answer that it will be turned on at 6 am and if we wanted we could be provided with extra blankets.  Blankets very worn off as they have been washed so many times.  There was an air conditioner in the room but could not be turned on.  Money was paid up front upon arrival.  Breakfast was very poor.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or85-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible customer service,"We, a group of girls, booked a room for five people. However, on that night itself, they only allowed four people in and chased one of us out at 5am in the morning. They didn't care if an 18 year old girl, a visitor, slept in the streets. They cheated us an extra 80 pounds since they only allowed four people in. We paid a total of 360 pounds but it was written only 280 pounds.  Nevertheless, we decided to let the matter rest since it was late at night. We booked another room from the hotel beside it. However, around 6am in the morning, the people from the reception barged into our room without knocking. This happened not only once, but twice. I supposed they wanted to check whether there were more than four people in the room. However, this constitutes to an invasion of privacy.…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or90-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Was put in an underground room, no cell phone reception, stingy breakfast and toiletries...","I know London is expensive and the price here was right, however as a business traveler I had 2 major problems:  1. I was put in an underground floor where my phone had no reception 2. My reservation stated Free Breakfast, Internet Access. I assumed WiFi was included which turned out to be available for a 5 GBP fee per hour or 10 GBP fer day  I would have used my cell phones hot spot had I had reception.  The hotel had available rooms in above ground rooms however the manager refused to put me in one since I was single and oped to sell them later at a higher price.  The bathroom was never restocked during my 3 night stay, I got 2 very small round soups and 2 tiny envelopes of shampoo.  Bad enough they come in an envelope but why not restock.  Once again trying to save on…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or90-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Bad Policies, unfriendly staff",My parents came to visit me as I am studying in London and upon my arrival since the room was booked for two people I was not allowed to converse in the room.     They said only the number of people the room was booked for could go in the room.   I was only here to talk to them after their arrival flight not stay or sleep here.  I asked for a policy that stated this and where it was located but they were unable to provide it.   I wouldn't recommend staying here.,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or90-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, friendly staff","Stayed here 4 nights on holiday by myself.  The pros:  great location, a lift, rooms are en suite, remodeled bathroom. The cons:  tiny en suite bathroom but common for this price range.  Very plain breakfast but ok for some.  Overall this is a decent hotel near Paddington just off London Street.  Wifi is £10 extra per day, my room (402) was small but ok for myself.  Don't know if I would stay here again but the price was very good.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or90-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good price quality ratio,"When i read the reviews for this hotel i was kind of scared, but in the end never encountered any rudeness from staff. Stayed there for 10 days, only shoed up to sleep, take a shower and have breakfast, and it was good for it. You can't beat the location, it is convenient to get there from the airport, you can walk to hyde park, kensington park, kensington palace and notting hill. As for wifi, i bought myself a local sim card and used internet from it, can't complain and it was way cheaper than 10 pounds a day. The room was small, but clean, had a good view and cleaned every day. I arrived way before the check in time and the room was ready, so instead of hanging somewhere with my luggage for two-three hours i checked in, had a shower, changed and headed out right away,…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or90-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely poor management,"Pros:  Cleanliness Location  Cons: Extremely bad behaviour of staff, just like as if you are in grade 5 and your teacher starts cursing you on doing such a bad thing which you haven't even done.  Breakfast was just ok.  Don't provide iron if they are not in a mood of it.  Will charge 10 pounds per day for wifi.  Will never recommend again.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or95-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Would not go back,We stayed as a family. This hotel offered family rooms so we booked it. The receptionist was very good when we arrived. We did not see her after that and everyone else on reception  was rude or disinterested. We were in London on the hottest day of the year. The room had air conditioning but you had to pay 5 pound for 24 hours to use it. We paid the money and reception turns the air on downstairs. After a while the room was so cold I phoned down to see if they could turn the fan down and adjust the temperature. I was told no.  In the end we asked them to turn it off and sweltered instead of being frozen. Waste of 5 pounds. They also charge for wifi so we did not use it.  Breakfast was very ordinary. Several nearby places in London St.  were good for dinner. We would. It go back…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or95-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Charming exterior,"We spent five nights- 2adults, 2children. Expectedly, the room was on the small side which was okay. Beds fairly comfortable, but would have felt so much cleaner without filthy quilts.  Very conveniently located to public transportation- short walk to Paddington Station. Quick breakfast spots closeby(Bagel Factory 2blocks away). Hotel breakfast was awful. On our first night, had a great dinner at Hotel Indigo restaurant(cannot recall name) across the street.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or95-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great choice for bad customer service,I wish we read the reviews before booking.  The customer service is very poor and bordering on being outright rude.  Hotel guests are treated as a nuisance.  Everything has an extra charge.  The breakfast is not that great unless you like burnt toast.  I would not go back again.  ,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or95-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Better budget hotels nearby,"I wanted more than a budget hotel, so I paid more to stay here. This place has no amenities unless you count a bar of soap, a hand towel, changed every second day, a small lumpy bed in a very noisy room. The staff were unhelpful and messed up my reservation. If all you want is a budget hotel in a good location there are blocks of identical converted row houses at a much better price next door. At least that way you would know to arrive like at a camper, pack everything you need including earplugs.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or95-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Spotless,"My husband and son stayed at this hotel and it was spotless.  The room was a good size for 3 people and the bathroom was also spacious.  Fantastic location, close to the train station and underground.  Some good pubs nearby and also a great Italian restaurant.  Love this area of London.  Breakfast was average though and Wi-Fi was expensive.  Will stay here again due to great location and cleanliness of hotel.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or100-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"My husband and I just got back after a 5 night stay at Olympic House Hotel and I have to agree with a lot of the previous reviews.  The location is great half way between Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations (both very easy walking distance), the room was a good size (for London) and the entire hotel is immaculately clean, but the breakfast was adequate at best and the previous descriptions of the service as ""disinterested"" was spot on. I'd like to think of myself as a pretty low-maintenance guest, but a bit of fruit and a choice of protein at breakfast would have been nice, and some eye contact and an attempt at a smile at check in would have been welcome.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or100-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"My brother and I selected this hotel because of its convenient location, and this was great.  It is a 3 minute walk from Paddington Station, where the express train to and from Heathrow runs.  It is on a quieter street, and our room #401 at the back of the hotel is very quiet. However, the room was tiny for two grown men.  10 feet by 12 feet is too small for us and luggage, but is just fine for a quick London visit that is convenient to the airport. ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or100-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very good among small hotels in the area,"This is nice and Clean hotel with very good communications near by. Paddington Train station and Underground no more than a couple of minutes away. Lancaster Gate Underground is also no more than 7 min away.  The old lady at the desk is sometimes a bit grumpy but the rest of the staff is very nice. I must recommend a very nice Pub; Victoria; comming out the door of the hotel, turn right till the corner nearby, then turn left and strait ahead about 200 meters.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or100-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Strange Service,"Reception staff are unfriendly, often not speaking to or acknowledging guests. The cleaning/kitchen staff have a strange attitude towards their jobs - even if you ask them not to do something, they seem to feel they have to. Breakfast involves toast whether you want it or not - they just randomly bring you toast but tea you have to ask for.   However, the hotel is clean, quiet, everything is in working order and the location is fantastic. The management needs to think about hiring more professional help, providing ""do not disturb"" signs for the rooms and providing a more customer-friendly and better organized breakfast service.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or100-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",clean hotel close to Paddington.,"A clean hotel close to Paddington station. The hotel is ok but our room was ridiculous small.  on the plusside: - Clean - elevator - close to bus and underground.  and the downside: - Hard beds -small room (but they have a bigger doubleroom on each floor) - no quilts only blankets with sheet under.  The included breakfast consisted of toast and tea, cereals with milk and a glass of orange juice.  I think the hotel was ok but would have preferred a bigger room and a quilt with a duvet cover at least.  We had some problem with the staff when we asked for help to make a check in on a flight and print out the boardingpass. There knowledge of computers seemed very low and they didn't help us.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or105-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",My impression,Stayed in the hotel for ten days it was okay close to the Paddington station and shops in Oxford street which was good for me and  the room was clean although small.they need to improve on their breakfast. It was  a  little boring and no free wifi facilities. Will stay when next I come back to london except I find a better alternative. ,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or105-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Everyone should stay here at least once- will teach you to appreciate every oter hotel you have stayed in or are likely to visit,"This hotel is located very conveniently - easy walk to the tube and Paddington station. That's where the good bits end. The rooms are tiny and dark. Our room for a family of four had no room for suitcases. It was so small, that you would need to leave the room to change your mind. On a positive note, the dark room does help improve your night vision. And the tiny room facilitates family cohesion.  If you need to use an iron, it will be provided in a common passage. And when you finish, you have to hand it in to reception- in case you run away on the underground with a hot iron I suppose.  Customer service is appalling. The hotel appears to be owned by a rude couple, who do not seem concerned about repeat business; after all there is a sucker born every minute. Payment is…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or105-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money.,"I should have listened to the other reviews. The hotel is in a great location but there are many other hotels in the area that are cheaper and nicer than this one. The room was dingy and tiny. It did not have coffee or tea in the room. And, when we were departing the front desk staff was yelling a guest.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or105-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Modest Hotel, in good location","I recently spent 6 nights at the Olympic House Hotel.  It is very close to Paddington Station, so close to Heathrow and tourist sites in London.  Buses run nearby.  Hotel is recently remodeled, public areas look fine.  I stayed in a small room with a twin bed, and ensuite bath.  Fine for one person.  New fixtures in bath.  Breakfast was adequate.  No coffee service in room.  Many restaurants nearby.  There were families staying there.  Breakfast ladies very pleasant.  Front desk pleasant, too.  Got the room through Hotwire, was very satisfied.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or105-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Better options available,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel over a weekend in London.  The location if very convenient as it is easy walking distance from Paddington Station.  After that, there is not much going for this place.  The rooms are small, free wifi is not available, and the free breakfast is probably as bad as you will get at a hotel in Europe.  For the price, there are much better options in the area.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or110-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Wasn't expecting much from this hotel, just a place to sleep for three nights, however the lack of customer service made it very un-welcoming and uncomfortable. You could not get a hello or smile from any of the people working at the front desk. They seem to be very easily overwhelmed, especially the night staff. Rooms are very small. Its clean, but with water stains on the ceiling. The mattress on the bed was horrible. The bathroom was the size of a closet. But the bottom line is if the service would have been better, we would not have complained, but it came to the point that we were thinking of checking out and going next door. The Hotel is close to the underground, but very far from everything else.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or110-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing for the price...,"I suppose that it is fair to compare it with an average international standard rather than the low standards of that area.    It is not a hotel, but can be considered as an average hostel, with almost no in-room facilities. Low quality beds and linens. The room size was extremely small ( 2.5 times the size of a double bed) this means that if there are two people staying there with more than 2 pieces of luggage, they might not fit. It is barely sufficient for sleeping (horizontally ) at night .    I was given a room in the basement with the above description. The kitchen staff will start making noise at around 6 am. The doors are not sound proof and any noise outside the room will disturb.    Breakfast was a basic one. boiled eggs, butter, jam, bread, milk, coffee, cereal and…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or110-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Tidy and clean,"I was satisfied to have spent 5 nights in the hotel it's clean and tidy, the stuff is good. To pay the wifi was not satisfying . Breakfast was good. It was near to most places to be seen in london just walking buses near the hotel . the service in the restaurant was good only the croissant was not fresh I didn't like",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or110-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the +3 star reviews,"We came to this hotel with my family for a weekend trip. We have been to this are before and opted for this hotel because of the +3 star ratings it had received.  The hotel was not worth those reviews.  The rooms were small and quite hot. Wifi and air condition cost each a 10 GBP extra per day, so you might want to take this into account. Also, the air conditioning is controlled remotely, meaning that you have to call to the reception to put that on. And once on, it can only be shut off, but not adjusted.  The breakfast was one of the lamest I've ever had and was served only from 7.30 to 9.00, even in weekends.  The only good things were that our room was cleaned properly and that the hotel is nicely located, 5 mins walk from the Paddington Station.  If there are no other…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or110-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",How on earth?,"I stayed here with a friend on a weekend-trip to London. It is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. When the only thing actually attractive about your hotel is the location maybe you should try being accommodating and friendly, but alas, the staff were rude and impatient.   When you pay for a hotel you expect to be treated nicely and that maybe, just maybe, someone working at the hotel knows the area. I asked for the way to a supermarket and was told to go to Paddington, the woman pointed in the opposite direction of Paddington and got annoyed with me when I told her that Paddington was actually the other way. Not to mention that the hotel is surrounded by small supermarkets and going all the way to Paddington isn't necessary.   The breakfast was horrible and we actually had…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or115-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Less than an average hotel,"Hi, in my opinion the room could be cleaner, especially the toilets. Breakfast is very simple with croissant from closed small plastics (not fresh). The environment of the hotel is not pleased. I won't be there again.",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or115-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very rude staff,"This hotel is well maintained and had very good standards of housekeeping but is totally undermined by the appalling attitude of its staff. When we arrived to book in instead of a welcome, we were asked immediately to pay our bill in advance. Having already seen some of the mixed reviews on trip advisor, I asked very politely if we might just see the room before we made the payment. This seemingly innocuous request provoked am extreme and out of proportion response  from the woman behind reception who started proclaiming very irrately' 'it's an insult' again and again. She initially said that it didn't matter what we thought of the room we would still have to pay as we had booked, and then she changed tack and told us that we could go now  as she could let the room to someone…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or115-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Overall, a good experience","We stayed at the Olympic House in May for 3 nights.  It was pleasant.  The location was excellent...very close to Paddington Station.  It has an elevator which was a big ""plus"" for someone with a sprained ankle....but alas, no ice machine for an ice pack to comfort the aforementioned ankle.  The front desk staff was accommodating as far as storing our luggage the day we checked out.  At times, however, they seemed a bit disinterested in their guests.  The room did have an electrical adapter (very helpful, though we're not sure if it was intentionally left there).  The room was small and the bathroom was tiny, but everything was adequate and functioned properly.  Every part of the hotel that we saw was very clean with a pleasant decor.  Breakfast was filling, though lacking…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or115-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","great location, disappointing service","This tiny hotel is cramped in shoulder to shoulder with a series of other Greek owned hotels in an area of London very conveniently located just a few minutes walk from Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Easy to get to and from. But it really is tiny - it's like staying at the 7.5th floor, like a LesterCorp but vertically instead of horizontally. The room I had was a single bed room. I am not a big guy, but even I could hardly turn around in the shower without banging a limb against something. The breakfast room is really small, tiny chairs and tiny staff with a very tiny budget, the coffee made me think of what substitute the Londoners must have had to settle for during the WWII. Sheets and towels were not changed without specific request, and for a price of close to 100 pounds…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or115-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Warning: No Kettles,"This is a good, fairly standard tourist hotel in the Paddington area. Convenience and cost are its selling points. It seems criminal not to have kettles in the rooms, but that may not bother other folks. The location near Paddington and Hyde Park is certainly convenient. The breakfast was all right, nothing special but at least there eggs (hard boiled) and not just toast and cereal. No flexibility on check in, but I was able to check out a little later than the posted time.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or120-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Service, what service?","Whilst we found the hotel well situated, we found the service very poor. The owners were impatient and down right rude. We arrived very tired from a trip from New York and were met with indifference at best. It simply felt like we were simply bodies carrying wallets to stoke their coffers. No sense of service throughout our two day stay. The staff tried to make the stay more comfortable, but appeared fearful of the owners intervention. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or120-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","A Perfect Stay in London, UK","During my four week visit to London, UK, this charming establishment was the perfect location from which to visit every part of the city.  It was just a short stroll to the Paddington Station and close to beautiful Hyde Park for a daily run.  Many wonderful restaurants, shops and every amenity I needed were close by.  The hotel had a beautiful decor and the rooms although cozy were very clean and comfortable with great Internet access too.  The proprietor and her staff were all very nice, super accommodating and great hosts.  This will be my first choice of accommodations on my next visit to the city.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or120-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what I was looking for.,"I had a family room for myself and 2 children.  It was immaculate!  The bathroom was spotless, but I missed having wash cloths  The breakfast was adequate.  The location was perfect..  My son and his wife had a room that was extremely tiny.  Their bathroom was extremely small.  They used the shower in my room.  We were looking for a CLEAN and inexpensive hotel.  We were only going to have 5 days together and knew that most of our time would be spent playing tourist.  We would use this hotel again.  I had an excellent night's sleep.  I would have appreciated the ability to make tea in the room.       ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or120-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice hotel. You get value for the money.,Nice big room. We booked a room for 2 adults and 2 children. We got 3 singlebeds and a doublebed. A little noise from the trains/underground but nothing that was disturbing. Breakfast was ok. The cleaning and service from the staff was excellent. Next time we visit London we will book this hotel again.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or120-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Lousy Breakfast","Spent 9 days at this hotel during Xmas 2012 / New Year. PLUS: great location (100m from Paddington station / underground / shops, 100m from Hyde park), room temperature, bed, room cleanness. MINUS: breakfast (only SEVEN 4pp tables, often had to share with other guests!, bad choice of food/drinks, breakfast closes at 9 AM!), staff (utterly uninterested foreigners). Not sure if I would return, but I suppose most hotels at that location have the similar price/performance.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or125-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay,"We stayed 3 nights here.  The room was small, but clean.   The breakfast in the morning was not fancy, but enough to get one started on the day.  We were on the third floor facing the road which had a good amount of traffic all night.  We booked through a package, so don't know how much was actually spent on the room.  It was not far from Paddington station and easy to get anywhere in London.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or125-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but small,"This hotel is very decent, although my single room was small and the only window looked out directly into the breakfast room.   Hint: I booked one room for a friend thru Hotels.com and mine directly on hotel website. Mine was cheaper, and I had no problem with an early checkout. Hotels.com would not refund my friends room when he had to cancel due to a medical problem.  Breakfast was minimal but sufficient.  Basement rooms were very noisy due to housekeeping staff, making it hard to sleep during day.  It is very convenient to Paddington and services, and front desk staff were helpful.  I would stay again but not in basement rooms.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or125-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",I've seen bigger bathrooms in a motor home,"The room was clean but the bathroom was so incredibly small.  We were in the basement which made it feel even smaller.   The breakfast was terrible.  I did not like the coffee, no fruit, the juice was tang I think.   They also never mentioned the surcharge for the internet which I felt was misleading. Stay at the Euro by Kings Cross instead - much nicer!",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or125-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing Olympic about it...,Me and my friends stayed at the Olympic house for 4 nights during the Olympic games. We booked it well in advance as we thought it would be difficult getting accommodations otherwise. We were wrong and as a result the price we had to pay was outrageous and there was no possibility to cancel or change the booking without loosing all the money. This setup was probably not unique for this hotel but it was annoying paying so much for so little. The first impression was not very good. Not the friendliest group of people in the reception. They didn't exactly make you feel welcome. We were three guys sharing a room. The room was not very big but it was nice and clean. They also get a plus for having enough electrical outlets. I hate it when you have to unplug everything else in the…,Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or125-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Simple but good,"The hotel was enough for the 4 days we spent in London. The room was little but clean. The shower a bit small but useful and the breakfast could have been better but it was not terrible. It lacked of fruits but coffee was acceptable...the only problem were those ""7 days"" croissants, horrible! Other than that the stuff was ok. The location is very good, near Paddinton station...and with London ´s metro anything is possible... To resume dont expect much but won ´t get dissapointed.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or130-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",It's the Staff,"The location is terrific, a couple blocks from Paddington station, makes travel extremely easy and several good restaurants and pubs in the area, Hyde Park an easy walk.  The room was small,  to be expected, but kept clean and made up.  We had no refrigerator.  We had an air conditioner, but it had to be turned on by the front desk, for an extra fee, and it sounded like you paid by the hour? Our room overlooked a busy street and with window open was quite noisy. They have wireless, for a charge (by the half hour).  You are charged for making local phone calls.  The continental breakfast, included with room, was minimal and runs for 1.5 hours. Half the time we went the tables were full, so we ate elsewhere.  Overall, the desk staff was rude.  One woman was yelling on the phone…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or130-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel,"I stay at this hotel when working in London.Staff are always helpful and rooms are very clean. Good location for rail links etc and plenty to do and see.Lots of restaurants and pubs in the area. Nothing to worry about with this hotel,even has a lift to get to the higher floors if required.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or130-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Bad surprise,"I stayed at the Olympic House for one night while in London, I was lloking for an hotel, next to Paddington station, providing Internet access. The hotel is situated on a noisy street (large and busy boulevard, in fact). The area is like the areas close to main train stations. Of course train and subways stations are just some blocks away. Room and bathroom were okay, clean, but small. To get Internet access, I've been requested to pay 10£ extra, for an unsecured service and I couldn't receive any bill for this ""extra"" service. Front desk people were unkind. Just avoid it, if you can.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or130-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located hotel,"This hotel is in a ideal location for anybody who would like to be on the go and would like to get where they are going without any additional hassle. Please make sure that you buy an Oyster card at the airport when you arrive in London. Load the car with 10 pounds to begin with. To get to the hotel, from the LHR Airport, we took the Underground to Earls Court, got off and took the Underground to Paddington Station. From the Paddington Station, it is a 5 minute walk to Sussex Gardens, Olympia House Hotel. Even with suitcases (plus we are not young) it was a breeze to get to the hotel. You can reload your Oyster card at the stations and various other places. To get to the British Museum from the our hotel, we took Bus Number 7 from the bus stop around the corner from the hotel,…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or130-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location poor service,"We stayed at the Olympic House for a couple of nights while in London, the area is really nice with plenty of nice restaurants and easy (and cheap) transportation to main attractions. Subways station is just some blocks away. Room was okay, clean and quiet, bathroom was not too small, cable tv available. Front desk people were very unkind, there was an Indian guy who was actually very impolite and rude, the other day an old lady was definitely very rude, she didn't even want to call us a cab.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or135-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good value central London, handy for tube & train","I booked a single room for 2 nights here whilst working in London. For the price (60-80GBP per night) and location (central London, reasonable area) I think it represents very good value. According to its website it was refurbished in 2007 - which I can believe as it generally seemed in good condition, and the fittings were reasonably modern (in that old fashioned way hotels seem to do!), e.g. Corian washbasin.  The room was as small as you could make it really, but when working late that doesn't worry me. There's no tea/coffee in the room, but there was a LCD TV with plenty of Freeview channels. There's paid-for wifi (about 10GBP per day I think). I was on the top (4th) floor and it was a bit hot/stuffy but I turned the radiator off. The road was a bit noisy in the morning but…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or135-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but flawless,"Very basic but flawless, almost. Nicely reconditioned and very clean. Warm enough (considering it snowed in London). Shower worked, as did digi-TV. Breakfast included juice, coffee/tee, toast, butter, ham, cheese, marmelade, corn flakes, milk, boiled eggs and chocolate croissants. Little things could have made the difference. Something extra to the breakfast e.g. Wall hooks for wintercoats e.t.c. A bit longer beds, longer than 190 cm. Larger blanket sheet than the blanket, thanks (note, only one blanket in double bed). Proper room for luggage after you have checked out, please. But over all very good quality with decent price. And no complaints about the staff nor the service. PS. Within a walking distance from Paddington Station!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or135-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Enjoyable stay June 21- 28, 2011","We enjoyed our stay at the Olympic House, very conveniently located and nice area.  We loved that we were just a few blocks from Paddington Station and many Pubs, shops, and walking distance to Hyde Park.  The Sussex Garden area was very nice and quiet.  We arrived, at Heathrow, at 6:30 a.m. and headed via the Heathrow Connect to Paddington Station; so close to our hotel we just strolled with our luggage straight to the hotel and dropped it off, used the loo and headed out for a late breakfast.  The hotel clerk said they would have our room ready, early (1:00 p.m.), and they did.  We were very happy about that, we needed to shower and nap after our long night of flying.  The hotel room was small - by American standards - but had everything we needed for our 8 night stay.  The…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or135-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and convenient-stayed 13 nights.,"Stayed 13 nights in December 2011.  1st room was very small but kind of expected this from prior reviews.  Too small for such a long stay.  Management moved me to a larger single (still small but more than adequate) ASAP which was 4th night of stay, not terrible.  Both rooms were very clean and beds comfortable.  I agree with the reviews of the bathrooms, they are very small and hard to maneuver but again, very clean and adequate for the price you are paying (I think I was paying about 80 pounds).    I had wireless card/dongle (who in UK came up with that name for a wireless card?!) so can't comment on wireless service.  I am not a big breakfast person but the 3 mornings I did go down seemed reasonable.  One guest mentioned there was no fresh fruit which I guess would be nice. …",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or135-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel,"is a good hotel, well located, 5 minutes from Hyde Park, a little more up to Paddington station. poreém there are some minor repairs, as some antipathy on the part of an employee. Breakfast was worth it not be the traditional English, ground floor rooms are a bit noisy due to the reception is over and soon also hear the meter which makes it convenient little rest. but I advise you to stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or140-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful value,"What a nice find!!  It was VERY close to Paddington Station as well as the Paddington underground Station.  It was very close to Hyde Park as well.  There are MANY restaurants nearby, so you will find something new everyday of your stay.  The hotel staff was friendly and courteous and helpful with directions.  The breakfast left a lot to be desired though.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or140-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough hotel,"Going to England is EXPENSIVE for Americans, so after doing a lot of research and looking on expedia for reasonable clean hotel finally found this hotel on their own website.  Yes, the rooms are SMALL, especially if you are an American. We found the rooms to be extremely small too but very clean and organized. The bathroom was also very clean and up to date.  The hallways were very narrow and small too. My aunt  lives in England, she came to visit us and I asked her if the size of hallways and  room are normal and she said YES, this is the standard size in England unless you stay in a 5 star hotel. So we were relieved. This hotel is very close to the Paddington Station which is like Grand Central or Penn Station in NYC. SO you can basically go anywhere from this station. Not…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or140-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",It did the job,Pros:  This hotel was very clean and it was in a good location (a few blocks from paddington station). The breakfast it came with was good. Cons: The rooms and bathrooms were extreamly small.  The working staff at the front desk was not friendly at all. I even tried to be over friendly to be obnoxious and they couldnt take the hint.,Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or140-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",You should only stay in this hotel if you want to ruin your holidays.,"My wife and me are travel agents. We picked up this hotel among others on our budget. Something we learned in 20 years on the travel industry is that a hotel can be a basic one but the people that work there definitely make the difference.  Since we arrived the young lady who is ""the manager of the hotel"" did not even looked at us and not even say hello on our arrival. She was screaming and yelling by telephone. And after 30 minutes on there the mother of the manager who is as rude as her took us to the basement and showed us our room. It was definitely a hole and we denied to take that room. We returned back where""the manager"" was and she said that one was the room booked (we made our booking via hotelbeds which argument  was not true according to what I spoke with them when I…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or140-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff and a great location,"I booked a room at this hotel in a hurry adn couldn't be happier with my stay. At a low cost i got a nice room towards the street with a very fresh bathroom, even if it was small i was very happy with the bright and comfortable room.  The breakfast can definatley be a bit bigger but it was enough to keep me going, if here's anything the hotel should improve it's the breakfast, although it is stated that the breakfast is simple in the hotel description.  The staff were so friendly and nice, i give special props to the wonderful lady (of asian heritage?) who not only gave me a pen, she borrowed me scissors (to cut a t-shirt) and asked me how i enjoyed london and to to it off she compltimented me on a rock n' roll t-shirt, i felt very welcome and she really made my stay fantastic…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or145-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Short Pleasant Stay,"I stayed 3 days at the Olympic House Hotel.I am a woman traveling alone in route to Germany to see my daughter by train.I thought this would be a great opportunity to take in the sights of London before boarding my train.The Olympic House Hotel is one of the many hotels all connected together on a quiet,shady street in Sussex Gardens.I took the Heathrow Express to Paddington from Heathrow Airport.I saved a lot doing so.It took 15 minutes.From the Paddington Train Station I was able to walk to the hotel. Check- in was fast and easy.I was pointed to the lift  and got to my room on my own.The room was a single room with a twin bed.There was a desk and chair and a small flat screen T.V The bathroom was really tiny.You could use the toilet and brush your teeth at the same time,if…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or145-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Boy, you would have to be desperate to stay here - seriously!","This could possibly be the worst hotel in which I've ever stayed, anywhere in the world - rude and unhelpful staff, none of whom could speak English; small, dirty room; inadequate heating; miserly breakfast. In short, this place is truly terrible. Only stay here if the alternative is sleeping on the streets - actually, that would probably be more pleasant.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or145-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"The hotel is located just a few minutes walk from Paddington station, which is very convenient when arriving with Heathrow Express. The rooms are clean, but we had rather cold room (but not our friends in another room). We had no safety deposit boxes or refrigerators in the rooms. The breakfast was light, but ok.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or145-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Small but good location,"The room was small but adequate in this land of expensive hotels. We had an updated room but bathroom door hit the bed. Breakfast included, which was okay. The best part was the location: a block from Paddington Station, next to many pubs, cafes and good resturants. On a quiet street with a number of small, boutique-style hotels. It has a large elevator (not postage-stamped sized like in Paris).",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or145-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, so so service","This hotel was in a great location, right next to Paddington Station. It was very convenient being that close to the tube and train station. However, we had reserved and paid for in advance a double and had to settle for 2 single beds because that is all they had available. My husband talked to the lady at the front desk who seemed clueless and did not offer up any help. All of the reservations were kept in a huge binder on paper....I think a computer might be a good investments since the year is 2011. The breakfast was fine and the hotel was kept very clean. The beds were not the most comfortable but it was very quiet at night which was nice when sleeping with the windows open.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or150-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, clean and safe","I stayed here for two nights while spending some time in London after a business trip. I had a single room (one twin bed) and everything was clean. My room faced the front of the hotel and I had the windows open both nights and it wasn't noisy at all (maybe a little bit on Saturday night). The room I was in (104 I think) had plenty of space but I was scoping out the floor plan on the back of the door of other rooms and I could definitely see how anything with more than a twin could be cramped. I had a wardrobe in the room as well as desk and chair, TV and nightstand area. I think there were shelves as well. Bathrooms were private/en suite, and fairly small. It reminded me of a cruise ship bathroom. Towels were not changed every day, however I was hanging mine up because I read…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or150-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but nothing else was great,"The hotel was very basic, not worth the money though. Location was the best thing here but for 3* you'd expect something more than thin, worn-out towels and beds that moved on wheels but did not lock in place. Room was neat but not very clean. I don't think it was vacuumed after the previous guests. Didn't make it to the breakfest because it ended at 9 am. Staff was very insignificant, just sat there -  no hellos or goodbyes, male receptionists were polite if asked something. Checking out took a long time since there was this sour elderly woman at the reception who had trouble understanding English and using the card payment machine.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or150-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and quiet.....but a smile from staff would have been appreciated!,After reading many London hotel reviews we were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of Olympic House.  It appears to have undergone renovations in the recent past.  We had a twin room which was fairly spacious by London standards and the bathroom was very large.  We happened to be there during the hot spell in April and the room was very warm.  There was an air conditioner in the room but not activated.....when we asked to have it turned on we were told the air conditioning would not be turned on until the following week.  I read a previous review that stated the staff were not rude but were indifferent.  I think this says it very well.  The staff seemed to have no interest in us and spent time talking amongst each other when attention to customers seemed to be in order. …,Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or150-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",one thing after another...,"We arrived to the hotel and the woman at reception started yelling at our driver (who parked in front of the hotel to retrieve our luggage from the back)-telling him he could not park in front of the road. Fine, but we needed our luggage. Next, for our room we reserved a double bed- they only had twins available. They ""promised"" to move us the next day to a double bed- false. I attempted to be flexible with them, but continued to ask for a double bed room the day after we checked in, the day after that, and the day after that. They said there were no double bed rooms available, even when I spoke with other guests of the hotel who left their double bed room that day- obviously allowing a double bed room available. Needless to say, we asked every day and there were ""never"" any…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or150-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Good value and location, clean room, friendly staff","Spent two nights at the Olympic House Hotel. Perfect location a couple of minutes from Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations, and a nice and green neighbourhood in Sussex Gardens. Only a couple of minutes walk to Kensington Gardens as well!  The staff was friendly, the room ok for the price - big enough and very clean. Perfect water pressure and temperature in the shower. No shower gel though, so bring that.  Breakfast was fine too. Toast, ham, cheese, jam, boiled eggs, cereals and croissants.  Only one drawback: you have to pay for the internet connection (GBP 10 per day).  Can definitely recommend this place, and would gladly return.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or155-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The Olympic house hotel is in a great location close to Paddington Station and to plenty of resturants. The hotel itself is clean and staff friendly. The rooms are small but I expected that, the only complaints we have is the bed is a bit uncomfortable I suspect it has seen better days and needs replacing and our room was quite noisy to the outside traffic but after the first day we slept like logs as we were so tired from site seeing. Overall we enjoyed staying here.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or155-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good,"I booked this hotel quite late, it looked ok but would have preferred to have stayed in a more central location. I was suprised  at how good it actually was for a budget style hotel, nothing wrong with it at all. The room (107) was quiet, clean and tidy. Furniture was of a good standard. There was no bathroom, but a shower and toilet, everything was to a good standard. Breakast was basic, consisting of cereal, orange drink, hard boiled eggs, meat, cheese, toast, tea and coffee.  I would happily stay here again, and have no hesitation in recommending it.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or155-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",nice place  to stay,"The room was clean, the bed comfortable, the furniture new, breakfast o.k.,staff polite and helpful. We plan to stay there whenever we are in London.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or155-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",pros and cons,"The location is excellent.   Yes the rooms are small, but we found the staff friendly and pleasant.   We came down from Yorkshire and have stayed in many hotels up north, but have never had such awful  coffee or watered down orange juice, but think this maybe normal for London hotels of this price !   The most annoying thing was that there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, and we were told no room service, even though there was a price list up in reception.  The bonus was that it was very quiet, no disturbances.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or155-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",clean but tiny room,"During a visit to London I have stayed for four nights in the Olympic House Hotel. This is one of the many small hotels on Suxxex Gardens in Paddington, one of my favourite areas to stay when in London because of the many restaurants, pubs and easy accessibility to the rest of London. Because all of these hotels are old converted houses without isolation and wooden floors, I had requested a room on a higher floor to avoid noise from the neighbours above and I got a room on the 4th (top) floor. Unfortunately, the room was near the elavator and this was one of those speaking elevators with a dingdong every time it opens its doors. So, the room wasn't completely free from outside noise. But there were not many people using the hotel or the elevator to the fourth floor, so the…",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or160-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location- Good Price,"Found the hotel to be true to the reviews.  Staff was not very friendly, but not overly rude.  Room was clean but VERY small.  Barely wide enough for the bed and door to the bathroom could only open about halfway before hitting the bed.  Still, we were sight-seeing all day, so room was only for sleeping.  Loved the location near Paddington station and this was the best part of the hotel.  The surrounding neighborhood is nice as well with a pleasant atmosphere and shops and restaurants.  If looking for a safe, clean room at a good price I would recommend Olympic House.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or160-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",very rude reception staff,"small rooms hardly enough space to move around the room, reception staff very unhelpfull,woke to find no electric ask woman on reception said not her problem  breakfast a waste off time worst cup of coffee ever had to queue for table total joke .Mimos just a round corner very good for breakfast and very reasonable all in all avoid if you can",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or160-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"We stayed at the Olympic house hotel on our recent trip to London. We selected the Hotel due to how close it was to Paddington Station. It is less than 5 minutes walk.  We were given a room on the 4th floor. The room was small but adequate for our requirements. It was clean and tidy. The bathroom was a very good size and again clean and tidy. My only issue with the hotel was, taht it had a large air conditioning unit in the room but it did not work. The temperature in the room was so high that I was ill on departure. I turned the radiator off, but the cleaner must have put it back on. Other than this minor issue, I would recommend the hotel to anyone for a short stay in London and close proximity to Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or160-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms but generally ok,"We've just come back from a 3 night stay in London. I chose OLympic House hotel because it seemed to have a good cost-quality ratio. I was not disappointed. Starting from the downsides, which in my opinion are not so relevant: rooms are tiny. Our double room had only just space for the bed (queen size), a small corridor with a tiny desk and wardrobe, and a bathroom where the furniture is very essential. Also, they provide no toiletries, which can be a problem if you're only travelling with your hand luggage, and the internet connection comes at a fee of 10£ for 24 hrs.  On the positive sides, the hotel is clean and recently renovated, everything in our room worked properly. They offer international breakfast in the basement. The hotel is in an area occupied mainly by hotels and…",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or160-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"I can deal with small, cramped rooms. Even a bathroom so small you could not turn around in it without opening the door!  What was unacceptable was the smelly, stained mattress pad; sheets that had holes in them and were so small that they just covered the top of the mattress so that in moving during sleep it bunched up exposing the smelly dirty mattress pad; pillows that were a flat, stiff, wadded material that had no pillow protector and frayed pillow cases; towels that were thin with wear and had holes. All the worse when sheets were changed every 5 days and towels every 3rd day. The free breakfast included packaged chocolate croissants with a best used by date 4 months past. Requested extra hangars and a wake up call never happened. Bring your own shampoo. The only thing to…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or165-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic room for the price and location couldn't be better,"The olympic House is excellent value for money and in a brilliant location, only 2 mins walk to Paddington tube station with lots of bars / cafes / restaurants close at hand.  We stayed Friday to Sunday in Aug 2010, booked the rooms on-line via the hotels website, no deposit required and no cancellation fee if cancelling up to 2pm on date of stay.  We paid £88 per room including breakfast.  Myself and my OH stayed in room 307 at the back of the hotel which was very quiet as it was away from the noise of the main road.  The room was quite spacious (1 double bed plus a single), flat screen TV, lovely bathroom, hairdryer, air con (didn't use so can't comment on how good / noisy it was), wardrobe with plenty of hangers, on the whole a lovely room and absolutely spotlessly clean. …",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or165-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience. Enjoyable,"I was very nervous about staying here after reading the reviews but was very surprised as soon as I walked through the door.  The receptionist was very pleasant and helpful, the basement room we had was spacious and clean and the breakfast was fine. We stayed 2 nights and would very happily stay there again.  A fantastic experience.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or165-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",quite good on low budget,"I have stayed in this hotel in June 2010 and was positively surprised when checked in my room, which was quite spacious, have an air-conditioning, wardrobe, table and etc. The other plus was the elevator which was also ok during all my stay. The only think which irritate a little was the breakfast, as it was very simple and they don't have knifes. The location also quite good, on Sussex garden just 5 minutes from Paddington and you have very good transportation to all parts of the city and a little walk to the Hyde Park.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or165-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Thouroughly Delightful,"We stayed for 4 nights in a family room for 4. Accomodation spotless and very well furnished. Breakfast was straightforward and set you up for the day. Aircon available and worth using. Run by a Greek family who clearly care about their clients and made every effort to make our stay enjoyable. Within easy reach of Paddington Underground and a delightful escape from the town centre, still within easy reach of all the attractions. Superb!",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or165-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","We had no problems, at all.","Surprised to see others not impressed, we stayed for a week in May and found it spot on.  I see people mention breakfast, as always, it pays to get up early in hotels, as it gets congested closer to close of service when lazier folks trail in ( that's usually us, but we know what we should do ) - the nice waitresses will bring you toast ad infinitum if you want to eat it all : glad to see no fry ( sausage/bacon/fried egg & tomato ) option here as hotel food is generally of such poor quality in this area : they had cold boiled eggs, salami, cheese, jam, honey, cereals and croissants - more than enough to suffice.  The room was very well-cleaned daily, the bathroom was clean and the shower pressure excellent - couldn't fault it in any aspect : we were given 6 towels daily, which…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or170-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,"I booked the hotel direct through their website and received a confirmation. However, when I arrived, they did not have any record of my registration and looked at me as if I was an intruder, even claiming initially that my credit card might have been rejected. Eventually, they signed me in, putting my credit card through successfully. A Caucasian lady speaking accented English seemed to be one of the owners of the hotel. She is very ill tempered. She makes hotel guests iron their clothes in the hotel corridor; she does not allow ironers and iron boards to be taken into the room. I had to stand in my pajamas to iron in the corridor. In fact, the lady made me feel like she was doing me a favour allowing me to stay at the hotel. My TV was not working properly and the hotel made no…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or170-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, excellent location but a little noisy, forget breakfast","Olympic House Hotel is very conveniently located in a nice leafy avenue 3 minutes walk from Paddington and the is very clean and recently renovated.  On the other hand the rooms are undoubtedly tiny, smallest I've ever seen, particularly the showerroom (which was very clean and modern). There is quite a bit street noise (passing vehicles, not bars/clubs) even though I can imagine it will be even worse in more central parts of London: there was no air conditioning (or at least it was not turned on) so we had to sleep with the window open.  Breakfast is as basic as it gets, tea/coffee, toast/butter/jam, discount croissants and uninspiring cold meat/cheese. The breakfast room is very small too and cannot accommodate all residents, few people had to queue and wait.   I would suggest…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or170-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Rents rooms for ten minutes?,"My friend checked in here for her last night in the UK before a flight back to the States and was given the smallest room in the entire south of England. No problem, we had some serious sightseeing to get done so left.   The sightseeing turned into a night out and the night out turned into a late night out, so I didn't feel like heading back to Birmingham. On enquiry as to whether we could upgrade the room the guy at front desk first offered us the joint use of it for 10 - 20 minutes, effectively labelling my friend a hooker. Cheers dude.  He then very kindly allowed us to buy an entirely new room, saying that he would not be able to resell the original at that hour. As we hadn't used the original at all and he would be equally unable to sell the new room I thought that this was…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or170-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The hotel turned out to be what we expected and even better. The room was bigger than we expected (for three people) and it was nice and surprisingly clean. The bathroom seemed to have been resently renovated and it was very clean. The location of the hotel is excellent, near Hyde Park and Paddington train and underground stations.  Our room was in the first floor and the windows faced the street, so we heard some of the traffic noise at night but it didn't bother us. The breakfast is not anything special, could be better, but it was enough. The only thing that bothered us there was that the breakfast room is so small that almost every morning we had to wait to get a table.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or170-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Not too sure about this hotel,"After Paris, my fiancee and I took the Eurostar staying at Olympic House. We got a ""bigger"" room with one double and single bed, but was in the basement with the front desk right on top of us. It's hard to sleep since I hear noises above us not knowing what is going on. During the night I got cold as their heat is on/off. Most of the staff are nice except for the owners who were rude and don't care. The good thing free continental breakfast and was near Paddington station with the Heathrow Train Express. Don't think I would book this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or175-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Impressed enough to want to book again,"We've stayed in London before & know that not all hotel reviews are accurate.  So we were very  impressed by the Olympic House Hotel.  Its situated on Sussex Gardens, a tree lined road of beautiful victorian properties just a few minutes walk away from the tube station on Praed Road (the main through road).  We were warmly greeted by one of the receptionists & directed to our room.  The whole of the hotel looks newly decorated & we were pleasantly surprised by the room we were allocated.  We visited London in late November so it was nice to walk in to a warm welcoming room.  The web photos show a true representation of the rooms - we booked a triple & all the bedding, curtains & furniture matched.  The shower had plenty of hot water on demand - we only booked for a 2 night stay…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or175-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A Nightmare Hotel,"This was the worst travel experience of my life.  We were charged the full amount of our stay from the beginning.  That should have been a red flag.  Think we know why.  Most people probably want to leave as soon as they discover the truth about this hotel.  Most of the staff are all family members and are completely indifferent, rude, and dishonest.    We checked out immediately when we were told that no heat was available and that we could not have any blankets.  We were told that no hotels in London had heat at this time of the year (not true!).    They would not refund our money, kept telling us to come back and see the manager who never showed, we were charged for two days even though we were in the room for one and a half hours (spent unpacking our bags, then realized how…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or175-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Neat, clean and well located. Rooms somewhat small.",Great for two people. Bit small for three (2 adults and a teenager) Great location. Very clean and well maintained.,Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or175-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms but good for a day or two,"This is definitely a hotel you don't want to ""hang out"" in. The rooms are tiny! It's the tiniest room (except for a capsule hotel in Tokyo) that I've ever been.   But if you are going to be out and about all day sightseeing or having meeting, then it's good enough for sleeping and leave early next day.   The breakfast food (included in the price) leaves a lot to desire, so don't count heavy on it. Although there's a few nice cafes around.   The best thing for me is that it's one block from Paddington and this is great to get to the airport (Heathrow).   Unfortunately, no free wifi. Other hotel around the area do have it though.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or175-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",More Cons than Pros,"My mother and I stayed here twice during our UK trip (we flew to Ireland for a few days in between). While we certainly didn't have a horrible or traumatizing experience, our stay wasn't exactly positive enough for us to want to stay here again.  Yes, the hotel rooms are very small (this is apparently the norm in London) but, then again, whole point of being in London is to be out sightseeing and soaking up the culture-- not hanging out in a hotel room all day.  Pros: Very clean room, new elevator (but not for ALL rooms), free breakfast (from 7:30 to 9am only), private and clean bathroom, hair dryer in each room, EXCELLENT location (Paddington station is directly around the corner as is the Hilton, where many bus tour companies pick up. There's also no shortage of restaurants…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or180-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Small & Minimum,"This is a very small hotel, do not expect much. They are trying to save money eveywhere, for example at breakfast, you get tiny plates (as for coffee), you do not get a fork, because for butter and bread you do not need it. They change you towels just in every 2 days, but they fold all the towels together even the one you put on the floor... They do not give you shampoo & the soap is very tiny & it is your responsibility to ask for new one, when previous one is gone... The old lady at the reception does not do any effort to help you, it is always: ""we can not... it is impossible..."", others were better.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or180-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Rooms were satisfactory, but concierge desk poor!","The Olympic Hotel's rooms were very small but satisfactory, neat and updated.  The breakfast personnel were very friendly and the breakfast was very basic.  Our biggest complaint is that the ammenities that we found on the internet for the hotel were not all present.  There was no trouser press, ironing facilities, Alarm Clock radio, and the hotel bar and lounge area VERY SMALL, and not welcoming.  Seemed to be full of the owners family most times.  We asked for ice and were laughed at, basically!  There  was an air conditioner, but the internet did not mention that it was 5pounds/daily extra!",Date of stay: July 2009,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or180-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel was perfect for a place to sleep. when you are in London you don't spend loads of time in your room, so the fact that it was small was really no problem. Breakfast is basic, but again it does the job. Everything is very clean and kept to a good standard. We would definitely stay in this area again and there are a few pubs and restaurants around if you don't want to travel too far in the evening.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or180-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Small hotel - great location - small hot rooms,"Stayed for few nights while in London. Hotel is in a row with many others close to Paddington.   It's a clean and good value hotel, but don't expect anything more.   Rooms are small and at least during winter very hot / cold at nights. Rooms are heated in the evenings (battery close to your bed is hot as hell) and then it is turned off at night and turned on again in the morning... Hard to sleep when your bed-temperature is in rapid change :-) Breakfast is very basic but eatable.",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or180-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",So Clean,"Happy to report that this hotel was VERY clean, could not fault it.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or185-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Small, Clean but VERY Small.","The Olympic is set in a row of similar hotels. The hotel is small, quite and clean, did I mention small? My room was narrow enough that I could stretch out my arms and touch the walls. Using the toilet involved some interesting positioning to fit your legs under the sink. They advertise air conditioning which appears to only exist in the lobby. But for the price, you could do much worse. Water pressure (a pet peeve of mine) was fine (I stayed on the 1st floor).   The provided breakfast was a bit of a non-starter also. Packaged croissants, a bit of luncheon meat and cheese, boiled eggs and toast. The hotel is convenient to Paddington Station, just a few minutes walk and is in very pleasant surroundings. So, if you are just looking for an inexpensive place to sleep and you don't…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or185-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Too Noisy,"We stayed at this hotel over Easter and were very disappointed with it. We were given a basement room which was adequate regarding size and comfort with a very compact but perfectly functional ensuite shower etc. What we didn't expect was the noise that would start every morning about 4am when what we presumed were staff started arriving ""thumping"" across the reception area above our room. This then led on to doors being slammed at about 5am,followed by  extractors being switched on and the general noise that accompanies hotel kitchen activity at around 6am, definately no need for an early alarm call from this lot. What was worse was that this carried on every morning for the four nights we stayed. We did ask for a transfer after the first night but they couldn't accomodate us…",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or185-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,Have stayed in several Hotels near Paddington and found that this Hotel is comparatively clean and provides good value. Single room was quite small but adequate. Fixtures were updated. Breakfast was basic but meets needs. Staff was efficient. Seems to be well managed.,Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or185-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, small rooms","We got the essentials, a clean room, toilet, shower and TV, but that's about it.  I suppose for the price you could expect it, but it was a very small room, pretty much enough space for a bed.  The bathroom was equally small with barely enough room to fit the toilet, sink and shower.  Being near Paddington and the tube it's in a very convenient place, but it's definitely a tourist area with lots of hotels all around it.  A minimal (cold) breakfast was included with our stay.",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or185-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Ticked the boxes,"We wanted a family room that was clean, not too expensive, nicely decorated and convenient for sightseeing in London. The Olympic House Hotel ticked these boxes.  The receptionist was polite, although, after having read previous reviews I was not about to be a demanding customer and risk the wrath of the proprietess (whom we only met on the last day as we checked out). The triple room I shared with my son and daughter was not huge, but it was warm, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was quite smart (although plug was missing from the bath - presumably to save water - fair enough, we had showers). Breakfast was OK - cold meat, cheese, white toast, boiled eggs, cereal & coffee. Breakfast staff were friendly and helpful. The great thing about this hotel is its location - 3…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or190-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Great Place, Low Price","Perfect for a short stay. Rooms are very clean, friendly staff, good continental breakfast, low nightly rate, SkyTV, and great location. It's ideal for someone look for a room to sleep and occasional breaks from sightseeing. The size of the room and private bathroom are typical for Europe, but sufficient. Hotel does not provide shampoo, so come prepared.   Overall, I would certaintly stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or190-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Olympic was fine,"Our stay at the Olympic House Hotel was a good experience. I was a little worried but the lady who checked us in was very friendly and helpful. We had a quad room and it was a tight fit but we managed and being in London we were only in the room to sleep. The beds were comfortable and it was so quiet. Hard to believe there was so much going on outside. The location is fantastic, we all loved London, we had beautiful weather and a wonderful time. Whatever we asked for we received - extra pillows, how to get places, internet access. So we had no complaints and would stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or190-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Nicely Renovated, Convenient Location","I was very pleasantly surprised by how nicely this hotel has been renovated, how clean the rooms are, how convenient it is to Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express), and the helpfulness of the front desk staff. Remember to bring an alarm clock (oddly there was no clock in the room) and also bring shampoo since this is also not supplied. The telephone in my room did not work and the room was a bit chilly in the late afternoon and early evening  as the heating system seems to be on a timer and doesn't come on until about 8:30 pm, but these are minor complaints. This hotel provides excellent value for money. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or190-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel. Decent value. Great location,"Great location near Paddingtion Station. Rooms were small, but typical for London. Very clean room, and breakfast/eating area.  Good (enough) breakfast.  Courteous staff.  Quiet at night despite busy street, and we stayed on floor level.  If you have an infant and a pram, ask for a triple room. Costs a bit more, but worth it.  Plus, they may not let you stay in a standard double b/c of pram.",Date of stay: September 2008,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or190-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",A good experience,"I started to reconsider if I should change my reservation, after I read some reviews in here, but gave it a go, and I don't regret it.  Stayed for three night with family in a quad room, which was a bit small for the four of us, but the main thing was that it was clean every day. One double beds and two large single beds was nice and comfy, but missed a few extra pillows in the room.  The bathroom was nice and clean, although it was a bit small. The room had an electrical outlet for 230V (European) and a nice flat screen tv with over 20 tv channels.   Wifi internet was available at the price of £10 per day or £5 per hour. It worked perfectly, and even had the bandwidth to stream a live football match.  When it comes to the staff, they weren't actually the most polite nor…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or195-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,"I had a good stay at the Olympic house hotel. The room was comfortable (pleanty of space for a single room) efficient new shower, good bed, and a Tv with more than 30 channels. Propably the toilet was only low point as it was tiny, but with this price it was good.The location was brilliant as well, on a lovely street just few blocks from Paddington station and Hyde park. On London standarts this place is gold!  The only thing that made me wonder was that when I booked directly from their own website, I did request a non-smoking and quiet room, and I got a room directly from the first floor above the entrance door with a view to the street. In the room there was an ashtray as well on the desk. But I couldn't smell any cigarette smoke although I sniffed the curtains and bedlinen…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or195-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel-not so great staff,"I've stayed at this hotel twice, the reason I came back was because of the perfect location in Paddington, the hotel is surrounded with cosy restaurants, pubs and shops, tube station just around the corner, M&S only a block away etc. I also loved my room, it was clean (and I'm a perfectionist) and I loved the shower. I didn't hear any noise from traffic or underground trains. The staff however, isn't very friendly. The old lady who is limping around in the reception area and the breakfast room is...hard work to put it nicely. When you get back to the hotel after a night out she's staring at you as if you were a cockroach or something. There's always a risk you get yelled at if you ask the wrong questions..and infact even perfectly normal question like ""when is my room ready"",…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or195-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"We stayed for two nights in the family room right off of the lobby.  The room was small but bearable with two twin beds and a double.  The bathroom was also small but very clean, modern and well thought out.  The staff is a bit hit or miss.  Two of the older people working the desk were very unfriendly and rude, but during other shifts the staff were very helpful and friendly.  They would only give us 1 room key and you had to ask for the phone to be given a line to make outside calls, but those were pretty minor.  The room was a great value and as long as you can take people's attitudes with a grain of salt, your stay will be fine.",Date of stay: August 2008,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or195-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Summary of several stays at this hotel,"I have stayed at this hotel numerous times since it was refurbished in 2007. I completely agree with the other reviews regarding the somewhat strange disposition of the owner and the very basic breakfast - as well as the limited time to enjoy it (7.30 - 9.00), but if you disregard that then it is one of the best value for money places in town. The cleanliness and general condition of the rooms by far surpasses all of the other hotels in this convenient location in Paddington. In all my stays the rooms have always been spotless and the condition of  the lavatory/shower was excellent. That is the most important thing for me, since I never spend much time at the hotel during the day anyway.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or195-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare Hotel!!!!!,"Me and my family stayed at this nightmare hotel for 10 solid days!  When we arrived and checked in, the staff wasn’t any welcoming. Not even a ‘’hello’’ or as much as ‘’how are you?’’, not even a smile on their faces.  We felt slightly uncomfortable at that time, but didn’t think much about it afterwards. Our triple ensuite was clean and neat, although it was kind of small (regular in London). It didn’t have any safe deposit box or a mini bar. The air-condition wasn’t working at the time we walked in the room, so me and my family went down to the reception to ask them if they could fix it. An old lady (which I think is the owner) said that it would cost us £10 extra per day. It was too hot in the room at that moment, we didn’t have any choice but to pay for the air-condition.…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or200-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel in Paddington...,"We booked a room for three persons at the Olympic House Hotel and we were very satisfied with our stay. Our room was small (as always in London) but very nice, clean and comfortable. There were no place to put the suitecase on which basically were the only thing we missed during our stay but we had no problems living with that anyway. The bathroom was quite small but very nice and clean. We had to catch an early train one morning and the manager behind the desk was very helpful and let us have our breakfast 20 minutes before it opened (normaly at 0730). Great! The breakfast was included in our stay and was also very good! I have been at several other hotels in the Paddington area before and this is without doubt the best hotel I have seen here so far. It was a little bit more…",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or200-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Value & Clean,"I stayed here for two separate nights.  The location could not be better.  It is very close to Paddington Station and only a brief walk to Hyde Park.  The hotel is on a busy road but the noise was no problem as it was cool enough weather not to need the window open.  One room had been a smokers room so there was a lingering smell of smoke but it is now non-smoking.  The bathrooms are tiny but adequate.  Best of all was that the rooms on both occasions were very clean.  There was a person on the desk at night.  Breakfast downstairs was more than adequate.  The staff were very pleasant. I would definitely recommend particularly as the cost was very good value for a clean, renovated hotel in a great location.",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or200-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay near Paddington Station,"Stayed here for 5 nights at the end of May. Staff was generally friendly when we needed something.  The continental breakfast was simple but adequate for a light morning meal. We were on the 4th floor and had no trouble with noise. The weather was mild when we were visiting, and the temperature of our room was comfortable. However, I'd imagine it could get pretty warm on hot days without any fans or A/C. We liked the location of the hotel as it was very convenient to Paddington station, plenty of restaurants, and not far from Hyde Park. Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or200-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value,"Very clean and modern hotel. Small room and bathroom, but perfectly clean.  Great shower.  Perfect for a place to sleep after a long day out. If you're looking for a big room to spend a lot of time in, this might feel cramped. But it was perfect for me and my husband as a stopping point in our travels.  Breakfast was good. Front desk was friendly enough.  Elevator a definite plus. Probably the best hotel you can find at the price.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or200-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Depends what you looking for,"Just returned from a 3 day visit to London, and I have had the most difficult time as usual balancing between comfort, cost, and convenience when accommodations are concerned. For me, I must say I don't usually care too much about the size of the hotel room (provided that it is clean and relatively quiet), but the location and ease to get around town are usually what appeal to me the most at the end when all things are said and done.   Like many previous reviews of this location, it is indeed very close to Paddington Station, so getting around town should not be a major issue. The rooms are small, very small. My single room consists of a single bed, a small desk/chair, a small dresser, and that's it. The bathroom is also small, but the shower is one of the smallest I have ever…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or205-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel for your $,"We booked this hotel directly through their website and everything went smoothly. I researched for a while and this hotel seemed to have one of the best price/reviews combined. We got to London Friday night and the hotel was at a very good location, about a 2 min walk from Paddington train station. Paddington is a great location because there are direct trains connecting to Heathrow airport. Check in was fine. The rooms are definitely VERY small. It wasn't a problem though as everything was very new/clean. Amenities were very basic - tv, blowdryer and towels. No fridge, soap or even tissues. However we didn't have a problem without these things. Breakfast like many others have said was super basic. But I was fine eating a few pieces of toasts with a pot of tea. The staff down…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or205-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Excelent,"The hotel is very well, the rooms are  small, but very confortable, new and clean, more than the others hotel i saw in this web when i was looking for an hotel in london...the bathroom is very small, but, very clean and good shower. the hotel is not incredible, but is better i thought...the reception people are friendly...the breakfast is ok, milk, coffee, toast, ham and cheese, i think is enough. The hotel is in a quite and nicely zone near two underground stops, paddington and lancaster gate, this station is in the central line, only five minutes to the center...and is in front of hyde park. if i came back to london, i would like to book this hotel again...",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or205-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleased with my choice!,"Very good location, very central - minutes away from Hyde Park and Oxford Street; a 10-minute bus ride away from Victoria Station.  Very nice and clean room (although a bit small). Very nice staff (I was even helped to prepare a surprise - a fruit cake - for my boyfriend's birthday!) :). A bit disappointed at breakfast - the food was ok, though not as diverse as in other hotels I've been.  All in all, I enjoyed my stay (all the way :P)!",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or205-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here.,"We arrived at the hotel on Friday evening and entered our room after checking in.  Our room was downstairs from the reception in the basement and was what can only be described as a box of a room even by London standards.  Being down in the basement below the reception all you could hear all night was the night porter and manager/owner walking up and down and talking to each other all night.  The window did not open to the outside but onto an alley way of the hotel looking into another window onto the breakfast room.  This poised great problems each morning as people would stand outside the window during breakfast talking and smoking with the smell of smoke drifting into the room, not a pleasant experience for a non smoker to wake up to.  The Shower room door did not fully open…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or205-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased with the Olympic House Hotel,"I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site, so I thought it was fair to make my own review of the hotel.  The hotel is very near Paddington rail and underground station and it's a short walk from there to Sussex Gardens. The hotel is located next to other hotels, some shabby, some more known as the Days Inn.  We were greeted by a friendly woman behind the reception and check in was quick thanks to the fact that we've booked everything via hotelopia.com. We were given room 605, which was downstairs from the main entrance, near the breakfast room.  The room was a double room, with two beds. It wasn't a big room, but it was clean and the furniture looked new. The beds were maybe a little to hard for someone's comfort, however I slept in worse beds. The badroom was small,…",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or210-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"My friend and i stayed at this hotel in november-december 2007( for a week) Paddignton station and tube are just around the corner.  The hotel is clean considering that it has been recently renovated. They have modern elevators and in the room new nd nice bathroom. The real sense of clean i can't guarantee because in my opinion the maid cleans the rooms ""on the surface"" and very fast. One night we came back to the room and my friend decided to take a shower before going out and i heard her grunt and almsot scream so i went to see what happend and  she was holding a moist and dirty towel , the one we putted on the bathroom floor in the morning whit other towels that we wanted changed but the maid just folded them and put them back on the shelf. When we told her about it in the…",Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or210-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay at the Olympic House Hotel,"I booked the Olympic House Hotel in August 2007 for a three night stay in November. The booking process was simple and complication free, apart from one problem, at time of booking I emailed the hotel and stated that I would require parking, I have stayed along this strip previously (Sussex Gardens) and know that the parking that each hotel has is limited.  I contacted the hotel about a week before to confirm that parking would be fine as requested and I was informed that there was no parking available which really threw our trip into turmoil as there was very few spaces left in any other hotel. I mention this issue only to stress the importance of ensuring that the parking is reserved for you and emails are not 'lost'.  Although the biggest point to make is that as soon as the…",Date of stay: November 2007,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or210-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal!!!!,"I was afraid to stay in this hotel due the past advises but It was really good. The staff was friendly, rooms look just like new and all facilities are fine. I was amazed by the size of LCD TV on my room as well as the location that is excellent by Paddington. The single room was a quite small for 6 nights due my work but it wasn't a major problem for this low budget per night.",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or210-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, value for money","I visited London with family (sister and parents), have booked a twin and a double room. The double one was really tiny, the twin was okay in size. Both rooms freshly refurbished, with tv (6 channels, though - maybe it wasn't tuned).  The real thing is the location (Sussex Gardens), which is about 10 minutes walk from Hyde Park and Baker Street. Staff was neutral, but we didn't meet them much. Would recommend it to couples, familys used to little rooms and everybody who don't have unlimited reasources but want a nice stay in London. (for those interested: wireless internet costs 10 GBP / day and its speed is okay, about 40-50k)",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or210-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",very very basic,"It’s in a decent area, but I’ve never stayed in such a basic hotel. Not even a kettle in there, pots of coffee available at extra cost. I only booked it based on this websites rating, but I’m glad to see that has dropped.  I didn't have any problems with cleanliness, but the noise was ridiculous as i was near the breakfast room also, and every door opening and anybody whispering on their walk there could be heard.  It suited the purpose but next time I’ll stick to a travel lodge or similar, which i'd been trying to avoid for the trip",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or215-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Fit for Twiggy,"Stayed for three nights with other half recently.  Arriving at the hotel we found an american gentleman at the reception desk apparently checking-out and asking how he could make a local call. An elderly lady behind the desk, while looking down, in a totally indiffent voice told him there was no public phone at the hotel. No eye contact, no use of name, no offer to use the hotel phone, couldn't care less attitude. The man just couldn't believe that a hotel didn't have a public phone threw his hands in the air and appeared to accept defeat. As we arrived early we waited next to the reception area for our room to get ready and while waiting the daughter of the first lady, who are the owners, proceeded to admonish a young housemaid because of complaints from guests due to poor…",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or215-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Major faults,"Stayed at olympic for 5 nights in early sep.  The hotel is very well located in paddington just 4 minutes from the station, where you can get connections to anywhere in london. We were greeted on entry by the sight of an elderly woman who i think is the owner arguing with the receptionist.  Room was small, bathroom was tiny. We were in a basement room beside the breakfast room, just above reception. The staff make an incredible amount of noise from about 6am onwards, so more training is needed here to at least make them operate quieter, and maybe not talk so loud outside your door!!  Our bed linen was not changed during the stay and the beds not made up very well. Towels were changed only twice which is disgraceful. One man complained about this and was told to 'shut up' by the…",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or215-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Great clean hotel,"This hotel was refurbished a few months before we stayed so everything such as the sink, toilet, shower (with detachable shower head), bed, carpets, TV, wallpaper, etc, seemed brand new, clean, and modern. I'm really picky about how clean a hotel is, so I was very pleased by how new everything was. Even the elevator was new, so riding on it was very quick and smooth.  We stayed a week on the 3rd floor and we were facing the street and there were other hotels on the other side of the road. The street was fairly busy at most hours of the day and night and even with the window all the way closed, you could still really hear the cars and other vehicles going by. It didn't really bother us that much and we still slept well despite the noise from the passing cars. Infact, since it was…",Date of stay: August 2007,5.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or215-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",loved the hotel and location,"Olympic Hotel was all that the website advertised.One misadvertising,laundry service available.N-! i had to take itto a drycleaner that had wash and fold serves and it cost $80.00 for 40 lbs. no self services washers within walking distance. The staff and owners were were good from the front desk to the room maids. Very clean and quiet!! you could hear a pin drop after ten pm. Nice clean street and surrounding areas.Paddington Station within 4 minute walk.Transportaion no problem. In our three trips to england in three years our best trip. Consider booking an extra nigth if arriving in the morning from an overnight flight.So room is available then. ",Date of stay: August 2007,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or215-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Great location, the hotel has just been newly renovated. Room was clean, Tv (complete with full satelite) was fantastic. Room was small, but you only sleep there right! Bed has not been replaced but should have been as had a slight hollow in the middle. Compared to other hotels in this price range it is a head and shoulders above. Breakfast was basic but fine. Older lady on the desk should realise that she is in hospitality and not hosting war criminals. Rest of staff were approachable and friendly. ",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or220-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, questionable rooms","This hotel is in a great location-- a couple blocks from Paddington Station.  However, my room had a broken bathroom window. This hotel is a decent value for the money, but next time I'd stay somewhere else in the Paddingtion area. ",Date of stay: July 2004,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or220-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't stay here!,"If you want to ruin your break in London then stay at the Olympic. While it may be reasonably priced you are saving nothing. We were rudely met on arrival by the lady in reception (I presume the owner) she sort of grunted at us that we were in room 2. Opening the door to the room was like stepping back in time. Two small beds in a mouldy, wallpaper missing room. The TV made a hissing noise when on so we couldn't bear to listen to it. The window was allowing a sharp draft in and the curtains did not fit it & were missing hanging pegs. Lucikly the weather was fine & we were able to get out and about because we could not possibly have stayed in that room longer than necessary. When we asked for more blankets we were met with a disgusted look & then they were handed to us on our…",Date of stay: February 2006,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or220-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",Servd our Purpose,"The Olympic served us well (familiy of four) in our first trip to London for Thanksgiving break. Paddingtom Tube and Rail are one block away - perhaps the best feature of this hotel. Decent little market, internet cafe, Starbucks, Burger King,Indian and fish and chips eateries close by as well. On a budget, I was afraid it would be a real dump after reading some reviews after we booked on ----. However, price was right and room adequate for our needs. As tourists we didn't come to hang around the room, and Olympic isn't a place to hang around. Rooms and bathroom are small but clean. TV had only 4 channels. ""Full English Breakfast"" is one poached egg, scoop of beans, small piece of ham, plenty of toast and tea, juice and coffee.  Continental is corn flakes and toast. Staff is…",Date of stay: November 2005,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or220-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",bed bugs!,"The Olympic House Hotel seemed OK, it wasn't immaculate, it wasn't charming, but in it's price range it was average, and OK. This was my view until I started itching the next day. The bed bugs were bad and I ended up with over 50 bites all over  my face, arms, back and legs. Find another hotel. The Darlington across the road was lovely, but more expensive. ",None,2.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d258848-Reviews-or220-Olympic_House_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Olympic House Hotel Reviews, London",What a Nice Surprise,"I was heading to London for a 2-week visit as a solo traveler, and was so dreading the usual grimey, depressing, and slightly-sinister hotel that London-On-A-Budget is famous for--and instead found my little sanctuary.     Spotlessly clean (and I mean CLEAN--crisp, snowy sheets and towels, no dust-kittens in the corners, no cobwebs dangling from the ceiling, no cigarette stink, no sprinkling of pubic-hair on the bathroom floor, no mold or mildew anywhere); charmingly furnished (everything color-coordinated and in good condition); comfortable mattress; adequate lighting.  I was stunned, to be honest.     All this, plus good staff--Andrea and Nilda were the greatest: friendly, courteous, and responsive to anything I needed.      Plus a super location: 3 minutes to Paddington and 5…",None,5.0
