,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or0-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STEP FOOT HERE!!,"Absolutely filthy. Where do I start?!  All doors didn't fit their frames - whole building is slanted so there's a huge diagonal gap under main door (room 314 by the way). Bathroom door didn't fit at all - think they tried to fit a folding partition door in a doorframe that was WAY too small, no handle on it so couldn't even close it if we wanted to anyway...so basically we had to toilet with the door wide open which was 1m from the bed. The room is tiny anyway with no storage space except a tiny cupboard next to the main door.  We had booked a double room, but figured out it was in fact a small double - my partner is quite tall so made this very difficult to sleep on as two adults. Our room isn't on the booking.com listings photos - so guessing we ended up in some sh*te room they weren't bothered about.  Duvet inside looked 100's of years old, covered in hair and looked moth-eaten and mouldy. There is dust absolutely everywhere- next to the bed, in the radiator, under the bed. I can't explain how disgusting it was. The mattress itself has stains all over it, not sure if someone died on it.  Huge stains on the floor (again, did someone die here)?!  Bathroom - obviously the door didn't work. The flush handle didn't work unless you turned it all the way round clockwise. Shower was weak, went cold after 2 minutes. Nowhere to hang/store your towel whilst showering. Nowhere in the shower to store shampoo etc.  The blinds don't fit the window, very noisy road, thin walls, people were obviously smoking in their rooms which made our room stink! (I have asthma so struggled to breathe any clean air even with the window open).  Perfect for a brothel. I'll be surprised if I haven't caught anything here. Whole building is generally dishevelled. Carpet coming up, stairs uneven, everything so so cramped. If you want a terrible night's sleep-choose this place!…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or0-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Didn't stay, Checked in and walked out. Paid up front so no refund. Avoid at all cost.","The elevator was broken, the stairway carpet was worn away and stained. Bathroom door didn't close. Shower had mould in, Wooden flooring loose. The whole place was tatty and run down.  To call the room an apartment is a stretch. Room with a fridge and cooker at best. Not at all what is advertised.  Read the other reviews!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or0-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We booked the room for a night whilst we stayed in London. The photos looked promising and for the price, we were expecting basic accommodation. We arrived whilst it was raining and noticed 2 places marked as ""Dylan Apartments"" (there is another across the road). The concierge was condescending when we confirmed the location. We checked into the room to be greeted with a musky smell, even though the window was already open. There were so many issues with the room, I think it would be easier to be in point form: - the bed was tiny. I think it was a King Single. My girlfriend and I were squashed together to avoid falling off. There were also stains along the bed base. - the walls were covered in stains, dents and (I'm hoping) water/drink marks. - the bathroom was horrible. The toilet was set on an angle, as if you were sitting on a toilet out at sea. The shower basin filled within 30 seconds and I was greeted by a clump of hair that floated up out of the drain. If you don't mind standing ankle deep in drain water whilst you attempt to ""clean"" yourself, then it's fine. The tiles were surrounded in mold. It was just horrible. - the carpets had not been vacuumed at all. - the furnishings were old, deteriorating and need to be replaced. - cupboard doors were hanging off their hinges. - there were 2 ceiling lights, only 1 of which were working. A strategically lit LED chandelier that put out enough light to hide the imperfections of the room, from a distance. - the TV was mounted the same way as the toilet, on an angle. The batteries on the remote were taped in. Actually, don't touch the remote. It looked as though it was found in the gutter. - the hallways smelt of stale cigarette smoke and there was a bag of rubbish left outside the door to another room for our entire stay. - we had a room facing the street, and was woken every hour or so by the sound of emergency vehicles passing by. The ""hotel"" was walking distance to shops and London's Tube station, Earl's Court, however you pass several other hotels along the way, which I wish we had booked. If we had planned to stay longer than the night, we would've found another venue.…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or0-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Charged twice!,"Not very impressed with being charged twice. The receptionist was not helpful at all,they told me to ring back to get it sorted but when i did ring back they didnt pick up and have  avoided my calls. Which is a pity as my stay there was quite pleasant.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or0-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",This place is filthy and disgusting,"It’s a pity I had to award this so called accommodation a star. Had to do this to leave a review, Avoid this place at all cost. Pictures on booking website are false. The rooms are filthy, disgusting and filled with faulty fixtures & fittings. Bed bases stained, carpets stained, ripped, torn, worn and littered with soiled markings. Mould in shower, showers fixtures broken, broken shower door. Broken wall fittings. To cap it all off the noise of passing tube trains resonates a loud booming noise which can be felt through the building. Bear in mind tube trains run from 5.30am to 12.30am every 7 minutes so good luck dropping off to sleep before early hours of night kicks in. Booking sites should be ashamed to list this accommodation and owners should be struck off for uploading false information. Check the pictures taken by previous reviewers detailing uncleanliness and broken fixtures, they are spot on!…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or5-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Discusting,"I had booked to stay in this so called hotel whilst working in London recently. The were so disgustingly filthy; I refused to stay! The beds in the room had damp; musty; pungent and indistinguishable ""water markings"" creeping up the bed base. The carpet was absolutely filthily with pungent indistinguishable damp patches all over it.  The walls had black hand prints above the beds and greasy marks throughout the apartment. The smell of dampness was so overwhelming I dare not view the bathroom!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or5-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Sub standard accommodation ,The place looks very grubby.  The carpet had many stains even the stair carpets.  Very noisy due to its location on a busy high street.  Shower inadequate due to partially blocked shower head (clearly requires de scaling).  The standard of overall property maintenance very poor.  Would stay there again?  Most certainly not.,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or5-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn’t if I were you...,"Appalling place, first room we went to had a massive water leak coming out of the ceiling all over the tv and the second wasn’t much better. The cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired and lord only knows what the stain was on the base of the bed. Don’t expect a hair dryer and you’ll need to bring your own coat hangers! Could really do with modernisation and decorating. Stains all over the carpet and walls and everything looked worn out. I wouldn’t recommend it at all. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or5-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best i’ve Stayed in,"After traveling overnight from Glasgow by coach, we were disappoint that we couldn’t get in our rooms for even a was until 2pm. Maid service is awful, we had nothing to was our dishes with... had to buy tea/coffee/sugar and then pack to bring them home as there was no complimentary hot drinks. I had my hands under the bed to find a hair tie I dropped and produced a small piece of chocolate cake, which means the rooms don’t get a proper clean out. We were in a basement room with small windows that don’t open or give any light. Room was too hot which included the thermostat Getting turned down to the lowest and the desk fan provided being turned on full. Maid was a little rude but couldn’t understand her. No paper bags for sanitary towels to be placed in. Cutlery was meant for 1…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or5-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Pictures they show are not the units they have,"Great for the price but, internet does not work, tv remote not matched with tv,  Fridge had 1 inch gap when door closed so all our food like eggs and milk was frozen solid and ruined after only one night in fridge.  Old furniture from 1950's.  No lift.    only 2 light bulbs worked in the whole place.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or10-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location!! Bargain room at great location","200 yards from 24 hour Tesco superstore, 0.2 miles to a whole bunch of restaurants like Wagamama, Nandos, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, bus stop and Earls Court district line station. I stayed on the ground floor so no view to talk about but decent space, shelf with hangers, small cooker, kettle, toaster, microwave, fridge, flat screen TV with freeview. The attached bathroom is quite small and a shower cubicle. Not in perfect repair, some flaws in flooring, walls, cupboards, but you get what you pay for. The one thing that bothered me however was the water in the shower was luke warm and never hot. Some road noise at night but it didn't bother me. I needed to stay very near to Kensington for a reasonable price and this fit the bill perfectly. Free Wifi is advertised but I chose to use…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or10-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Not exactly the Ritz but did the job,"We got this hotel as a cancellation from a friend, so paid half the going rate. Had read the reviews and was very wary of going, but it was a cheap weekend in London so we decided to give it a go.   We were in the block over the road that doesn’t seem to have been refurbished yet and it reminded me of my student house from back in the 80s.   It’s very basic, with no frills, but it was quiet at night and we both slept well.  It probably beats sleeping in a tent and if you’re happy to live in pretty basic conditions and want to stay in London cheaply it will do the trick.    The guy on reception when we checked in was really helpful. It’s close to the tube and there’s a 24hr Tesco about 4 min walk away. You can park on the street behind between 6.30pm - 8.00am for free.   There is…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or10-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and disgusting - Avoid at all costs!,"The room was nothing like the photo! Walls were dirty, dried blood on inside of bathroom door, mold on bathroom ceiling, shower cubicle yellow mold, quilt cover did not fit quilt so disgusting quilt absolutely filth on show. Building inside/dirty. They also insisted on digital copying my driving licence  - which I've never come across - and made a fuss when I wanted it deleting on departure. Very suspicious other activities going on also.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or10-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely! I will be back,"Nice surprise!!! When We get there the receptionist  told us Our room was in the 3rd floor. The stairs were a bit long and there wasn't any lift. On the way upstairs i could see   the other Doors were very old and the carpet was a bit old, we didnt know What to expect but When We get into the room we get surprised!  Everything was clean, the smell was nice although in the night started to smell a bit bad from the toilet. There was a very small kitchen but We could found everything What We needed. The toaster wasn't working but the fridge was very usefull.  It was a twin room and beds were very confortable and well prepared. The beds were Next to one window with views to some back garden houses It was perfect for us there wasn't any noise and We could sleep very well. We couldnt…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or10-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",God awful ,"God awful - firstly there was a mix up with the booking through booking.com charged twice and they did nothing to sort this out refused to help, when we arrived the room was tiny and on the 5th floor up a narrow smelly staircase that stank of smoke. Complained because the original booking was for an apartment not a double room so they showed us another room in the basement this was a little bigger with a sofa bed however it stank of damp and was grubby to say the least. Would never stay again grim. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or15-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",The Building should be nocked ,"What an absolute dump I work in the hospitality industry for years working in five star hotels across Ireland I came here expecting a some what nice room as it was 120 euro for the night, where do i start to complain? There's no lift so we had to walk up the absolute filthy stairs fine..opens the door of what they call an ""apartment"" the bathroom had every holder broken the light over the mirror doesn't work the bed sheets are stained the walls are marked EVERYWHERE the window handle was broken so we can't close it, even found an old jack Daniels can still in the room from someone else and a lovely used cotton bud hmmm bring your owner iron and hair dryer because this dump is lucky to even have running water never mind the essentials. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or15-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, tired, but great location","Stayed for one night. The apartment was only being used as a bedroom, so didn't use the cooking facilities. Property is dated, in need of refurbishment. Decor is tired, although the bed was clean and comfortable. I only spent £65 for the night, for a twin room, but in future, I think I will probably spend another £10 or £20 to get a better standard.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or15-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!,Stayed here for one night when on business. It's dated and shocking the duvet was old and the view shocking and noisy! Toilet hanging off the wall no curtains!! Would not stay again if you paid me! Much better accommodation available in kensington ,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or15-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable modern apartment,"My fiance and I stayed at the Dylan apartments when visiting London. The online booking process was a bit confusing however the lady at the reception across the road was very friendly and helpful. The room and the bathroom were very modern and clean however it was quite small. The apartments are short walk down the road from a street full of bars, shops and restaurants. The metro station is also a 5 minute walk from the apartment which is also quite convenient.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or15-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad,We stayed for 3 nights and it was awful. The room was so dirty. We found a dirty towel in the closet and the bathroom was disgusting. The staff were nice and the location is great. Near Earl's Court station and a super market. Wouldn't recommend,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or20-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Should have stayed at a hotel ,"Not sure where to start. Okay. The apartment/bedsit we got was grim. Freezing as the heater never came on! The bedding had stains and ""hair"" on it. We couldn't sleep in them. Slept (tried to) on top of the bed sheets and got our own from the local Tesco. It was still so cold that we kept all of our clothes on! The walls were stained with holes. Holes above the bathroom window! Toilet didn't flush. Brought our own kettle from Tesco, glad we did! No room to prepare food, not that you'd want to! Stained ceiling and carpet. The room absolutely smelt of smoke, it was gross. No wifi. Ruined an otherwise great weekend. £145 for the two nights, wish we had stayed in a hotel instead.",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or20-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing Value for Money, perfect location and great concept","The public area are extremely tired and rundown, stagnant and mildew scent coming from carpets and upholstery is corridors and stairways. The first room I was allocated was terrible and certainly not worthy of paying an over night charge for. Drawers missing from dresser, live ants in the bathroom basin, under standard basic decor, really poor condition and nothing like the pictures online. The second room I was shown was more representative of the website, however still very poor condition and over priced at £50. Rusty irons can be provided but no ironing boards?, only one wall mounted radiator to heat a very cold room, plug in fan heater didn't work but the two ring burners on the stove were useful to heat the room. Not really an overall great impression.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or20-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",horrible dictu- it's a rat's hole...,"5 days, 4 nights...cleanliness had to be a MUST! It wasn't...then, I wanted the bed clean, the reception told me the sheets have a 4 days turnover, but the housekeeping made the bed 2 days out of 5...... the poor mattress had better days, now it was all stained and dirty... the bathroom, small enough, had no lighting bulb, the mirror was on top of sitting throne...then the receptionist managed with the factotum repairer Ivan a bulb, it was not even enough light to shave... but it was a little leap forward. All these days, from 6 of Feb  to 10 of February, were cold days, and they didn't manage, at any time, to have the heating working in the 416. I had no heating working!!! and that from the three rooms I have seen... The reception complimented me with a broken air heater,…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or20-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Single studio experience,"If you are single and looking for easy access to central London at a fair price, well recommended.  The staff are a delightful, helpful and nothing is any trouble.  any concerns are acted on promptly.  The single studio rooms are quite small but unless you are planning to stay in all day, this is no problem.  the cooking facilities are perfectly adequate for some decent food preparation and being so close to a large Tesco, this saves loads on eating out.  I had a ground floor rear room and it was quiet apart from the blackbird singing in the garden and of course the sirens which pass spasmodically.  I will definitely use this accommodation again when travelling alone or with my partner.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or20-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Its like an haunted/abandoned room,"If you are a girl and planning to stay in this hotel, please avoid this! The location is not good and the room itself creep me out. No heater, all the furniture looks like it is from 1950's. Spider webs everywhere and there even a big hole on the toilet wall.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or25-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",worst experience ever,The worst experience of my life. I have first checked in in a basement room and the key did not fit the door. After several explanations with the receptionnist he transferred me to the other building on the 3rd floor ( no assistance for carrying the luggages). The room smelt like an ashtray even if he insist on the fact that it was a non smoking room during the check in and there was detectors installed. the room was not cleaned every day.Small room with tiny kitchinette and bathroom. dirty walls  I have asked for assistance to find a laundry/ dry cleaner but they were not able to tell; I find out later an entire street 10 min (walking distance) away. They ave guaranteed to wash the laundry on the same day but they just forgot to state that the washing machine was not working.…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or25-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",VERY basic accommodation,"The room was small and cramped.It was supposed to be a double but the bed was only a large single. There were no plugs for the sink or basin, no teatowel, dishcloth or dishwashing liquid. When we asked for these we were told they were not supplied! Who travels with those things in their luggage? Crockery did not include bowls. I think they have a nerve selling these rooms as apartments. Not especially cheap, either.  However, the staff were pleasant.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or25-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID,AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Please see my complaint below   To whom it may concern   I seek a refund for this visit regarding the points stated below:   1. Monday 8th Aug 16 - checked into a basement room that smells ever so slightly of sewer and given a key that did not fit the door. I spoke to the nice day receptionist who gave me a key that worked. As for the smell there wasn't much he could do about that  2. Tuesday 9th Aug 16 - use the shower and notice that the shower leaks and the shower door doesn't close and is near enough off its hinge. I also notice that there is a huge spider web in top of the ceiling near the bathroom. I explain the all the faults to the day reception who stated that everything will be fixed.  3. Tuesday night return…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or25-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Recent stay ��,"Receptionist very friendly, stairway smelt ok, but entering our room although a good size, smelt damp. The ensuite bathroom smelt like cat wee, shower was small and shower door wouldnt shut properly,evidence of damp all over the room, especially on ceiling and bed bases. It was not worth the amount of money charged, needs a good clean, room carpet felt sticky. Will definitely not be stopping here again",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or25-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, and close to the tube","Firstly I will say that the receptionist on arrival was very friendly and helpful and did make us feel welcome. We stayed here in order to go to a sporting event and having the tube so close was brilliant. Those are the positives. The room itself was just OK, the shower worked and the bed was ok. The room unfortunately was a little dirty, but quite liveable. The same cannot be said for the rest of the hotel- the carpets stank and the walls filthy a little TLC would go a long way in this place. Would not stay here again, but not as bad as some of the reviews make out",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or30-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't book this place,"Booked this place in February 2016, arrived at the hotel on a wet Sunday evening, walked into the room, looked around for a few minutes and  left immediately...its that bad! I left checking out and paying the bill to avoid confrontation with the staff, the pictures on their website must be if a different hotel!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or30-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Smokey,"We stayed here for one night. We arrived upstairs to the top apartment, it was smaller than the picture online and stunk of smoke. Me and my husband are both non-smokers and it did make us feel uncomfortable. We had the window open all night, on a busy London road so that was then very noisy.  The bathroom was so small you couldn't go to the toilet without sitting sideways and leaving the door open! Through the evening the bathroom started to stink of sewage. I didn't pay full price for this apartment and even the price I paid was too much!",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or30-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not worth it,"Initial room uninhabitable. At top of building, smelly, holes in wall, no light in bedroom except above bed which was down steep internal steps. Entry area precarious with sloping floor where stairwell below intruded. No means to switch on tv, kitchen cupboard hazardous and non compliant.  Moved to larger basement room - possibly one of refurbished rooms. Bigger but unsafe Windows opening to street side. Mould on tile grout in new shower, terrible banging and rumbling pipes when water run in room or adjacent rooms. Stairwell giving access smelly and carpet paint spattered and ancient. No soap or other toiletries and a precariously small amount of very thin toilet paper! Positives - clean white towels replaced on second day. Very helpful receptionist (in house the other side of…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or30-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Bed too squishy Shower too stinky! ,"Stayed there for a night while going to a show. First impression was everything needed cleaning, decorating, ripping out or burning! Thing is, it's my last impression too!  But, it's not all bad, room was fair size, bed sheets and covers were clean and location to Earls Court road and Kensington High Street is excellent.  But, like most things in life, you get what you pay for. If you want a cheap place to stay for one night and you'll only be in your room to sleep your alcohol off, then it's ok, if you want anymore then book another hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or30-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend,"Stayed at the Dylan's and found to be very clean and comfortable all new and modern would stay again very easy for Earl's Court tube station about ten minutes walk , very quite area 👍👍👍👍🙂🙂🙂👍👍👍😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀🙂😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or35-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",COMPLETE FALSE ADVERTISING!!,"This room was smaller than a child's size shoe box. I could not believe that this was actually my room!  Just false advertising, plain and simple!!  I am not kidding.  The pictures posted by the hotel were beautiful, and the room I had was no more than 3 feet (1 meter) wide, and 10 feet (3 meters) long (and that includes the bathroom/sink area). The bed frame literally has made an indentation into the door because the headboard is stuffed right behind the door as you walk in.  The walls are not even paper thin, think of something thinner, and that's what you have between you and your neighbor in the next room. However, excellent location!!  This is the ONLY reason for the 1 star, if it weren't for the location, it would have been a ZERO!  ",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or35-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","what do you pay, you will receive.","Stayed with my home-mate, just for 2 nights in January. We received a twin flat, with a kitchen corner, the bathroom was clean, this is the most IMPORTANT thing! but I'm a receptionist in a hotel in Milan, there so much to improve, trust me: -at the check-in time nobody tell us nothing, we need to ask everything, check-out time, wifi connection, map, information about metro and sightseeing attraction, the girls at the desk didn't know where the BRITISH MUSEUM is, so what?? British museum?? incredible, one of the most important museum in the world..or the opening hours of shops in CAMDEN TOWN, they didn't be able to tell us how to reach the District..bah..where do they live? in the same city? -in the bath the toilet paper was already used, so already started i mean.. -under the…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or35-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Be warned - they keep a copy of your payment card details,"They kept a copy of my card details which i was not happy about doing, as I had already paid in full and there was no additional services to pay for. I was concerned at this, but it was clear they would not allow me to check in unless I did so. After my stay I emailed asking for the card details to be destroyed, but the response said they held them for 6 months. A fraudulent transaction took place with this card a few days later - a coincidence? Despite several requests they have failed to reply to my emails asking for information.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or35-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",find somewhere else,"booked 3 apartments dirty, lots of noise,no lift 1 of our flats was on the third floor. I had the flat in the photo both windows do not close. bathrooms so small have to leave the door open when using",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or35-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting!!!!!!!,"What can I say absolutely disgusting!!!!! U would never expect to charge people to stay in a 1star room that is being generous... On arrival and check in we were disgusted at the state of the room it was actually a cupboard! The bedding was disgusting, dirty filthy marks on the walls, dirty bathroom dirty floors!!! Torn carpets stuck down with tape a trip hazard & filthy! We went to reception to speak to guy on reception called sunny who really couldn't care less as he had already taken payment and was most unhelpful! He eventually did offer to change our room to another when we viewed this it was exactly the same disgusting only smaller! Laughable!! We left immediately & booked a lovely hotel nearby & I would advise people check out the roomns first before u pay! We disputed…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or40-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",I'd defenitly stay again,"As its in Kensington its in a good location and is very cheap for London. Me and my partner went on a weekday getaway, and when we arrived to the apartment it was clean, apart from a few marks on the wall and blind but who can complain for so little money. Couldn't access WiFi from the room, wouldve liked to have been able to use it, but was a place to rest our heads and would defenitly go there again. :)",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or40-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"I won't say much because there's no words to describe this horrible place. Before paying, I asked if it was possible to see the room and the guy there (we checked in 24 june around 5pm) told us that because of the department's policy there was no way he could show us the room... and when I said in that case we will leave he said that they will full charge my credit card. So we had to stay... The day after was even worst because the guy at the reception was someone very rude who told us that if we wanted to make a complain that was our decision and he couldn't care less (his words). So please, just CHECK THE PHOTOS I am posting, it might help to make your decision about this place.  They also claim to provide hair dryer and iron in the room which we never seen.  Only the girl…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or40-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",A godsend in the city,"I am familiar with Dylan Apartments - I lived in the Paddington one for three weeks a few years back and have a certain fondness for them. They really answer a need - affordable (I won't say 'cheap') accommodation in the heart of London AND that rare thing, self-catering.  This time I stayed just one night, and realised there is a problem with this - whereas for a long stay I was able to buy food etc and keep it in the fridge, it's not really practical to buy a pint of milk just for one night. I  had taken a couple of teabags with me but it would be really good if small milk portions could be provided for guests who stay just one night. Black tea is a bit cheerless. Don't expect aesthetics - my bedroom light was about half a metre in size, in a room measuring about 3 x 4 m, but…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or40-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"We booked our stay without reading the reviews, and after reading some terrible ones we were worried about what we'd find. The 'apartment' title is a bit aspirational, and the room was quite  small but for the price and location, you really can't have any gripes.  Comfy bed, decent shower. Ideal place to put your head down for the night without breaking the bank.  So long as you're not planning to spend lots of time in the room, I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap room for the night.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or40-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"This place was not as advertised! The rooms are extremely small, we're stepping over our luggage to move about.  The rooms are dirty, the TV cuts out, and the staff is not only unhelpful but also very unpleasant.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or45-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting! Don't even rate with one star should be minus!!,"My husband and I and another couple stayed for one night, as we had a party to attend in Kensington. Location is good but that's it.  After we had checked in at reception we were told our apartments were in the building on the other side of the road. The entrance door was broken so not shut properly. The walls were dirty and damp, the carpets were disgusting and there was a very unpleasant smell and that's before we saw our rooms!! Well if u can call them rooms more like size of a small shed!  Curtains hanging off, dirty carpet (I kept my shoes on the whole time). The kitchen area is awful just an old wardrobe converted. Bathroom dirty and mouldy. Bed linen seemed clean but that was it. If we hadn't paid in advance and could have got a room somewhere else we would have walked…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or45-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Dogs are kept in better conditions,"Firstly, the place is in Earls Court, not Kensington. The website photographs are definetly from somewhere else. On walking through the door I immediately knew the experience was not going to be a good one. Checked in and then had to cross the road to a different building. Walked through the front door to the terrible smell of every stinking odour you can imagine. On carpet if you dare to stop walking you stick. This was the same in the rooms. Cigarette stench in the lobby outside our poor excuse of a room. The room, small, dark, cramped, a bed you will find very difficult to get a good nights sleep in. And this for £94 a night. Hardly budget. All I will end with is if you want to see how prisoners in a third world live, visit this place. It's worse. Never again.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or45-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",you're getting what you pay for,"The room is very basic, in a great location. Do you really expect so get a grand hotel, near Kensington for six pounds a night?  You really get all you pay for and nothing else. So I would recommend this place, if you need to be in the area and are on a budget. If you want more, pay more. simple.  We met four members of staff, all were grumpy - except one lady, who was just great!  In summary, don't expect luxury for six pounds a night, the transport and location make up for it being basic",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or45-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting ""hotel""... AVOID IT...",This is the most disgusting hotel I have EVER stayed AVOID this hotel at all costs !!!!!!!! The rooms smelt like sewage !! The carpets were disgusting !! The shower never worked as it should and black with dirt and scum !! I got flea bites !! I could go on and on. Please don't stop here,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or45-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",comfy room,"the room was clean and each day we were given clean towels. The location perfect for destintions, tesco near and sttion close by. One problem was the shower the handler was broken good place 2 stay.:-)                ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or50-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",vile blood stained mattress most disgusting place I have ever stayed in my life,This was so awful I was working at Earls Court and after a hard day had to come back to this hole!! the first night got in to the single bed had mattress protector on but was broken and the single flat sheet had slipped off woke to find I was sleeping on the mattress and it  was covered in blood stains !!!! It gave me nightmares was paranoid about the filth with carpets that you would not believe and what appeared to be 20 tourist doing line dancing upstairs for your health mental and other do not stay here...,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or50-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Place Ever Stayed,"Get ready for a rant!!  Taking into consideration the area, we were expecting something decent. The ""secure"" luggage store is not secure its a room outside downstairs. The hallway and reception area is dark and the carpets are filthy and the walls are all marked. The room was tiny, so hot it felt like you could pass out even with the window wide open and the rain chucking it down outside. The bathroom was the size of a cupboard - my boyfriend could sit on the toilet, have his head in the sink and wash his legs in the shower all at once. I showered with my socks on it was so stained. The bed was clean but you slept on an angle, the actual bed frame was filthy and stained. The carpets were stained, I didn't take my shoes off the whole time. The sockets were loose off the wall. The…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or50-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Just fine,It's convenient to have a kitchenette. No lift. Too hot. Small room but acceptable. Great location. Stay here if you need a kitchen and you're planning to move around the city all day long. Oh...and 24-hour Tesco just 2 blocks away!,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or50-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Old & dingy but amazing location,"Where to start? I read all the reviews before I booked and had pretty good idea of what I was getting myself into. So why did I book based on all the negative reviews? Location!   My husband and I were there to see the city not be cooped up in a hotel room. The pros of this hotel include: location, you are in a central location, you will spend little to nothing on transportation, Earls Court Station is a 2 minute walk, there is a 24 hour grocery store 2 minutes away, tons of restaurants and shops 5 minutes walk, and a laundry mat 5 minutes away as well.   The cons: it was very old, dingy, and a mold problem in the bathroom. They have done some upgrades like new decor and appliances, new paint, new fixtures. If they replaced the carpet and dealt with the mold problem, it would be…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or50-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and expensive!!! ,"Disgusting ""hotel""... AVOID IT... The carpets outside and inside the rooms are so dirty, that can be dangerous for your skin.. Too NOISY hotel, with very old windows.. And no facilities at all.. Not even the basic... Believe me, if you stay in the street, is much much better!! Think about it.. You will save money too!! ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or55-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I stayed here from 1st to 9th September, smelly corridors, the timer on the light switch is so short that you're plunged into darkness after a few seconds, dirty carpets and room uncleaned throughout my stay, dirty windows & curtains.  The shower in ROOM 29 has a fault which means you are standing in dirty water by the time you've finished showering, despite complaint, nothing done.  The mattress was covered in long black hair which I noticed after I was forced to change the sheets, out of necessity.  Debit card details photocopied without my consent.  Unable to reach manager to request this is shredded for security, because was given fake email address.  Very poor standards.  Phoned and was told to use generic email for complaint.  If you have v. poor standards of hygiene &…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or55-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting,I have never stayed anywhere like this. You check in where the carpet is filthy and the entrance smells.   You are expected to give your address and full credit card details after payment has been taken on a form.  Security risk doing this.  Asking for id to stay here when you've paid too.  And do to the room.. 414.  How to describe it? Filthy doesn't do it justice.  The window in the kitchenette area was hanging off.  The electrics are dodgy.  Why put a decent tv in a room like this?  Toilet didn't work properly.    If you stay here you are out of your mind.  There is no fire escape.    It is a hovel and the owners should hang thief heads in shame.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or55-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Don t just settle........,"Great location, a minute from 24hr Tesco and Earls Court tube but don t believe the hype of refurb ed rooms.  I turned down the first room offered.  I have never been into scabby furniture and old mattresses and carpets that I can t walk on with bare feet.  The second room was better and I made it my own for the week that I stayed in it",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or55-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",dangerous hotel,"dangerous hotel   During my stay the night porter visited my room at 22:00 and 03:00   I strongly advice female guests to stay at another hotel, nothing happened as I woke up but for sure felt very un-safe to say the least!!  contacted the management company, but they never returned our call !",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or55-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",This apartment is really awesome !,"I stay here for 2 times already, in March and April, this is awesome cause really near to the train station (Earl's Court), really near to the Tesco that open 24 hours, easy to go to the city of London, there also have a bicycle rental place near to this apartment (but I just see it but didn't have time to rent it). Overall, I will recommend this to my friends",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or60-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",The only good thing I can say is that the room wasn't cold,"Stayed here last weekend and it was absolutely terrible. The room had single glazing and the window had a crack in it so it felt like the road noise was literally in the room with us so no sleep for 3 nights. The room wasn't especially clean when we went in. Everything was so obviously cheap an for us Aussies we are paying 150 AUD a night and that is not cheap at all. Didn't even provide tea bags and a sachet of shampoo and conditioner. I understand as people are saying it is an apartment and not a hotel, well it didn't even act like an apartment. The fridge completely froze the milk we bought and so the next day I adjusted the settings and still, no luck and everything frozen. There was no washing up liquid and all of the cutlery and crockery was odds. The people on reception…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or60-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value,"Only 10-15 mins to Monument tune station was great value/location ratio. Room and bathroom small but what you get for what you pay you can't expect more, especially being in one of the most expensive cities in the world. Don't listen to negative comments below, you are staying in an apartment and not a hotel! Would recommend for a cheap place to stay close to London. Also a good neighbourhood!",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or60-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay,"I rented a Studio Apartment for a month at Dylan 60 in Jan 2014.  Located very close to the Tube Station, Tesco Supermarket, Pubs, Exhibition Centre etc. The room was clean and tidy.  The lady at the reception (Parul) was very helpful and ever ready to answer any queries.  She went out of her way to give tube directions and any information required. I would surely recommend this place to my friends.  A good experience on the whole.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or60-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Good experience,"Apartment rented at DAK was clean. Furniture was old but everithing worked properly. Receptionists were always kind and helpful. They are located very close to Earl court tube stop, a Tesco supermarked 24h open, pubs and other.  Cheap and effective solution if you don't demand top class accomodation.       ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or60-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"Upon arrival (at night), we were sent to another address - ""no problem not far to walk"" we were told. The first thing we noticed when entering reception, we could smell was someone cooking curry.  We squeezed into the lift, and walked sideways down the hallway to our room. The room was TINY - you could not see the whole tv from one of the beds due to the rickety wardrobe standing in the middle of the room. The bathroom was third world, except there was a toilet and not a hole in the ground. Location was satisfactory. But for two nights at 168 GBP, this placed would have had to be on the grounds of Buckingham Palace to be worth that. NEVER NEVER stay at this ""accommodation"" The room looked nothing like the pictures online either",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or65-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",A collection of PROBLEMS,"Just spend as little time as possible in your rooms... its horrible. The front desk person left our bags unattended when we were waiting to check-in!!! not very safe. The water was leaking out from the floor from the fridge.... all night! Lamps not working. Was given incorrect Internet password. AVOID this ""hotel""... Even though it's cheap it's not worth it. If I could give it a lower score I would.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or65-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Paddington apartments - such a dive and no response from customer services.,"After paying £85 to stay in your Paddington apartments, for a starter on arrival the room was ridiculously hot. We opened the window and turned the radiator off, only to return four hours later to a still ridiculous hot room. This was one of the factors that left us having a sleepless night. Also you can not move at all on the already small double bed without it creaking so loud it wakes you up. Everyone who entered and left the building woke us and every movement upstairs did, including them using the taps as the pipes were down our walls and noisy. The water pressure in the bathroom and kitchen were awful and pretty unusable and the shower never got any more than luke warm. The sheets had yellow stains on and the pillows and curtains had blood marks on and other general dirt.…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or65-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I have ever stayed!,"Me and my partner don't expect the Ritz for £140 for 2 nights, but the least we did expect was everything listed in the description to be in order and the rooms to look the same or similar to those in the photos. We could not believe the dump we had to stay in it looked like a squat! As you can see in the photos that others have listed... this is what the rooms are like NOT what they have advertised.  The receptionist who 'greeted' us was rude and arrogant. I felt sorry for the couple with a baby who checked in in front of us as their stay came to nearly £400 god knows how long they had to put up with that place for! No place for a Child or any human for that matter. The rooms we stayed in was over the road opposite the reception. The building and the room stunk, there was mold…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or65-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Just plain awful - I have stayed in better hostels.,"We booked this studio apartment through Hoseasons, it was just a horrible experience.   Firstly - I rang the apartments to ask a couple of questions prior to arrival - it never bodes well when a business just answers the phone with 'hello' and you have to confirm whether you are actually ringing a reception desk!!  On arrival the staff were rude, and I felt that they were borderline intimidating.   The carpets going up to the rooms were stained filthy and the smell was disgusting.  when we got into our apartment ( I use the word apartment in the loosest of terms) it was a single bedroom with a double bed squeezed in up against the wall, with a tiny kitchenette, and a bathroom which you could barely turn around in.  The overwhelming stench of filth and mould hit us immediately.…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or65-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Pictures are misleading, but it's adequate enough!! Do not stay in summer!","Just got back from 4 night stay in a twin room (307) and the first thing i noticed was that the room didn't look anything like the pictures on booking.com. The hall/stairway is quite filthy and there is a bad musty smell, it feels quite a bit run down. However it was fine in the room , which was much smaller than i expected and everything was functioning. We didn't spend much time in the room during the day so the state of the apartment didn't bother us that much. The reception staff were ok, just a tad bit too aloof for my liking but we had no problems with them. The only reason to stay there would be for the location itself and i would definitely not stay there during the summer as it was quite stuffy and warm in the room for October!!! God knows what it would be like during…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or70-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,I cannot begin to describe how awful this place is. The room was dirty and very smelly. The staff were so rude. It was much smaller than a standard hotel room despite being advertised as a 'serviced apartment' I would strongly advise against staying here. ,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or70-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Rude staff on arrival, Card to enter room was near impossible to use.followed by a vile stench when entering the room. The room, stained carpets  and walls,  cracked windows tiny tv with no reception, bed falling apart, so called kitchenette on it's last legs and fridge  unable to close properly.Tried calling reception with phone in room and it fell off the wall and didn't work.The bathroom was no better everything barely working and leaking. When I did  get to speak to reception they said someone would  come  to have a look funnily enough no-one came. Avoid this place like the plague.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or70-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel.,"Me and my mate stayed here for 3 nights in the studio apartment. It's basically a small twin room. It has decent facilities such as a decent sized tele, Small wardrobe and kitchenette area. Complete with toaster, microwave, fridge etc. The En suite bathroom is really small but functional. Shower is good. Beds are comfy. We basically needed a room with a bed for a few nights while we were out all day. After reading some of the reviews we feared the worst but were pleasantly surprised.  Minor gripes were that the room is sweltering. There's no plughole in the sink in the bathroom and the bathroom light doesn't have a cover and it looks quite bad. Oh and the carpets need replacing.  Overall we were very happy with our stay. If you just need a place to stay for cheap then I'd…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or70-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't deserve to be called an apartment,"The room we had, no 315, was at the top of the building.  To get there we had to lug cases up 3 flights of narrow stairs.  The bed was squashed up against the wall and the mattress was so soft that you felt as if you were going to roll off the edge.  The wardrobe looked like a very cheap diy job.  The bathroom was the size of a bath.  Outside was Warwick Road, it appears to be a main thoroughfare.  You hear traffic all day and night, made even worse by the fact you will get ambulances going through with sirens blazing, even in the early hours of the morning.  The room is stifling hot.  If you open the window, you cannot hear yourself think with the noise outside.  There is a fan, which doesn't help.  There is no air conditioning.   We booked the apartment as being fully…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or70-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Complete Indifference to Serious Complaints Dylan Kensington,"More than a week after no response at all to my written report on safety, fire, health and security issues to the single owner director ...my advice would be to look at the company register and assets and liabilities and various blogs and reviews about this 'chain' before you book and then whether the assessed risk is worth it and whether their corporate silence indicates anything...this Dylan Lettings Worldwide Ltd one of three ..Paddington, Earls Court and Kensington seems to operate differently judging by research across reviewers across a number of traveller blog organisations ...no room inspection allowed prior to paying, no response to complaints, 5% surcharge on debit/credit cards ...staff who have little knowledge of emergency procedures ...etc",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or75-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievably Bad.,"Let me start by saying I am a business traveller who stays in 3 star average accommodation in London a few nights every week for many years. I do not expect bells and whistles for £100 - £130 pounds.  When I entered the reception another guest was leaving and warned me how bad it was. So I requested that I see the room before paying, I was informed this was not possible and after a long day and flight I agreed on the guarantee that it was a recently refurbished room. The room was horrendous and stank. I have stayed in better 2 star accommodation in third world countries!!  I got sent to another apartment a10 min walk away which was no better.  I have spent the last 2 hours walking around every hotel in the area and type this from the refuge of  another room paid for at my own…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or75-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in !!!!!!,"The worst hotel I've ever stayed in, this hotel is filthy, we had no hot running water the shower was just a trickle, the carpet was frayed and dirty (Dangerous) there was a smell of raw sewage coming through vent into Bedroom, the staff were dirty very unhelpful, today after 12 phone calls to their head office no has replied to any of my complaint…… I would only recommend this hotel to my very worst enemy",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or75-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID,"I have just returned home after a three night stay at Dylan Apartments Kensigton. Disgusted that in 2013 accommodation like this still exists.  Having looked on the Dylan website we decided to book 2 rooms. The website shows them all as newly refurbished but this was quite simply not the case!  We checked in at 60 Warwick Road and were directed to a building accross the street. On entering the building we were instantly overcome with dread. Bad smell, mousetraps, stained carpets, loose floor boards and a lot of damage were what we were met with on arrival. When we got to the rooms we could see that they had been redecorated but certainly not completely refurbished. The bathrooms were disgraceful. The shower had thick brown mould all over it and the mirror was held together with…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or75-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent budget accommodation,"This was a very sweet twin bed apartment, with small kitchenette area. It was very clean and fresh, and the staff were friendly and helpful. The room looked out the back which had a lot of trees / greenery and birds. Lovely! However, the room didn't cope well in a heatwave. On the first night, at 5am the room temperature was still at 29.5 degrees. Provision of a small fan in these circumstances would have been appreciated (or install a ceiling fan). Also the windows were dirty and there were no plugs for either the kitchen or bathroom sinks. A 'welcome pack' of small washing up liquid, dish brush, tea towel, or kitchen towel would be a boon for short stays. These could even be on sale at reception. The bathroom didn't have an extractor fan - vital in an enclosed space - and some…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or75-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump.,"WHAT CAN I SAY , BUT"" WHAT A DUMP"". The first room we were in had a dripping tap in the sink (fixed the next day),a hole in the wall with a very loose grid over it(it was later the same day fixed to the hole properly with plaster) The shower head did not work properly so it was just a stream of water..At 6.30am after somebody upstairs had a shower you could here a continuous dripping sound from within the walls. The second morning water actually started dripping into the bathroom through the electrical ventiliation grid, luckily it was not on at the time. We were then changed to another room on the top floor (with some very narrow  and dangerous stairs to get to it)and all the time (or at least at night) there was a tapping noise from within the pipes. In general the rooms are…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or80-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","so, so awful, scary and dirty","the experience was bad from beginning to (premature) end.  Greeted by surly and unhelpful staff, charged an extra 5% for using a credit card (are you serious, Dylan??!!), having a very dodgy front door on a busy (and drunk-filled) street and no lock on the inside of the door when you did get in.  I suppose the lack of cleanliness shouldn't have surprised me by that point, but after spending half an hour in the room not wanting to actually sit down anywhere, I rang a friend and decided to cash-in a favour of crashing on their sofa for the night rather than stay a moment longer.  Save your money.  sleeping on a park bench is safer and cleaner.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or80-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Was the only thing available around the Olympics,"Do yourselves a favor and book this place only if you were left with absolutely no other choice.  We were sent from one of their properties to another at Check In.  The pictures you see on their webpages will require a lot of your imagination to realize what you're standing in, when you check in.  Internet is not free.  The rooms are extremely small.  You'd be tripping over your luggage to get to the bathroom.  As the title says it was a hot time to be in London and this was what we had to put up with due to a lack of choice.  Location isn't too bad.  People are alright but you can't really talk to them.  Booking via credit card is a disaster.  You cannot cancel it when you are there as they charge you for the entire stay anyway.  The bathroom we had was acceptable.  It was…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or80-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",NO LUGAGGE ROOM AVAILABLE,"They publish on their website, as well as on another websites (Citizen Booking, Booking.com etc) these apartments have a luggage room, but they do not provide that service. On the day of departure, we asked in reception about it as we had a late flight and wanted to walk around London, but the hotel did not allow us to leave our suitcases. We had no option but walking around with our luggage or going to the airport 6 hours in advance... Very sad",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or80-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Small room - but clean,"Room was very, very small but clean. Every day was there fresh towels. Room has a small kitchen. This hotel is a typical English building. 24hour reception desk. flat LCD DVD TV :) 100m away is big Tesco food shop open 24h. Good location, 150m from underground station and bus stop.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or80-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Had to move out,Booked for two nights  landed late Friday so had to stay but moved out saturday morning could not spend another night. went and found a hotel for the night. Told the reception that we were leaving early because the room was dirty and smelt rotten and she replied thankyou. Would never stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or85-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Happy.,"We were very happy our stay here.Room small but very clean,well equiped,staff very friendly special cleaner,name of Geeta,location great.Just one thing street is noisy,if possible ask for the room in other side of building.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or85-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor stay","We stayed in a double room for a week. I must say, location is very good, in the vibrant earl's court, but it is simply an accomodation you would not stay for more than 3 days. Cleanliness almost fictional. Room extremely small. Elevator not present (we were on the top floor and we had to do 4 floors of steep steps everytime). Price is reasonable, for the area is cheap, but for the room I believe is overpriced. We might spend £100 more next time but in a better place.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or85-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay for, wouldn't stay again","I stayed here with my friend for 2 nights at the end of September, to be fair, our room could have been MUCH worse, according to some other reviews the room we had (317) was actually a renovated room, other people were not so fortunate by the sound of it.  On the plus side, the apartments are very close to Earl's court tube station, Earl's Court Road also has a flurry of restaurants, a couple of pubs and shops etc.  Once inside the apartments we were met by a receptionist who, quite frankly, didn't seem too bothered about us, being friendly northern girls, we were excited about our trip to the capital and felt slightly let down by our greeting. The receptionist took a long time to find our booking which didn't fill us with confidence either, we were also asked for ID which was…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or85-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Small room; but clean,"Room was very, very small but clean. Every day was there fresh towels. Room has a small kitchen. This hotel is a typical English building. 24hour reception desk. flat LCD DVD TV :) 100m away is big Tesco food shop open 24h. Good location, 150m from underground station and bus stop.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or85-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know where these photos were taken but it wasn't at this hotel!!,"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights on a trip to London for my birthday, to say it wasn't what we were expecting is an understatement! We'd booked online and looked through the photos and this place was certainly nothing like they would have you believe. The hallway walls and carpets were filthy, the bed was so slanted we had trouble not rolling out mid sleep and the room was uncomfortably warm due to a sash window that had no means of keeping it ajar.  One evening, after being out on our feet for 12 hours, we realised our kettle was not working. We told the man on reception only to be told we'd have to wait till the morning. After a brain wave from myself, we tried the kettle in a different plug socket and found it to work. I must mention this socket was on the floor…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or90-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised.,"For my upcoming 21st birthday I was given two nights in London and theatre tickets from my Gran as it has been something I've dreamed of doing for as long as I can remember.  We booked everything in August and in October (why, I don't know) I read the reviews for DKA on here and for want of a better word was terrified of what we (my aunt and myself)  would encounter and it left me with a feeling it would deflate the trip slightly.   Having been for said trip just this weekend I am pleased to say we struck lucky and were given a refurbished room: clean comfy beds, relatively spacious room and appliances that worked etc, no horrid smell and no rats (the part I was most terrified of) the room we were given put my fears to rest and the whole trip was out of this world fantastic!!  …",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or90-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",A NIGHTMARE COME TRUE!!! AVOID!!!!!,"I booked for 3 night in this hotel, because I have been deceived from the nice images put on the website. But the actual experience is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. The room was extremely dirty, the furniture was very old and provided the room a very shabby appearance. The bathroom was almost unusable and the air aspirator was not working. Obviously, there were no windows for the air turn over. The reception was completely indifferent to all my complaints. In summary, I have been more than 10 times in London and I never saw so terrible conditions. And if I say ""terrible"" I think that for this accommodation is a compliment. I recommend everyone to avoid this hotel, because you can find in London far better conditions at the same price.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or90-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!!,"This is the worst experience in my life. I booked and pre-paid for 3 nights, on getting to the apartment it was trouble all the way. From the rude receptionist to my room in the basement. The room was a joke. Once i opened the door, rats were on the run through the open window, everywhere was infested with rats and foul smell, the heater was not working, the bathrooms had leaks. The problems were never ending. I went back and asked for a refund since i cant stay in this kind of condition but the rude receptionist with a thick English ascent refused. I just had to forfeit my money and look for a more descent place to stay. Just avoid this place for your own good.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or90-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",A nightmare!,"Booked four nights over the internet at this horrid place last June.  Upon arrival i prepaid my entire stay,unfortunately before i had seen my room. First thing i noticed was that the door did not lock properly as the lock/the door/and the door frame had a large space between them. I didn't even bother to look at the rest of the room,and walked back to the reception(across the street) and complained.To the receptionists credit,she upgraded me(if you can say that) to a double room right next door( i was a solo traveler and had booked a single room). I cant say that that was any better,as you will see from my pics, the place was an absolute mess and a total scam compared to the photos on the site.The door at least did lock properly but the windows right behind the bed did not!For…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or90-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",nice stay in good apartment hotel,"I loved to stay at Dyplan Apartments with my daughter of 15 years old. Close to the underground, the London bus, XL Tesco. With a little kitchen, a small bathroom and a small fee, it was nice to stay; we enjoyed it!  Didy",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or95-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",My fiancé and I stayed in this place for one night too many!,"As neither of us had ever needed to stay in a hotel in London before (usually we stayed with family) we had no idea on the cost verses level of hotel quality in London and we really did get ripped off at this place. We did check the reviews but didn't think that it was expensive for inner city. But the room was so small we had nowhere to put our bags or get dressed, the bed basically took up the room. There was a kitchenette but there was no supply washing up liquid or cloths and room service didn’t wash up? We also had to ask when our room was going to be cleaned and the sheets were never changed (we stayed 5 nights) and we didn’t get any fresh towels until we asked.  The drain in the shower filled up and nearly overflowed into the tiny cupboard bathroom. The room was very hot…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or95-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Renovated room = 4*s & great value, unrenovated room = 1*","The star ratings here are for the RENOVATED ROOM TO THE BACK OF THE BUILDING ONLY. Our first night we were assigned an unrenovated room (9) on the street side of the building across the road from reception. First and for us most annoying thing: Warwick Rd. is a major, massive street with loads of traffic and very, very loud. It was a miracle we slept at all (thanks to valerian, earplugs and a white noise app on full blast). The room itself was in dire need of renovation and teeny tiny. The bed was uncomfortable and it was all just old and dingy. Honestly, that all wouldn't have bothered us as much as the noise, which was unbearable. Luckily on the second night we were able to move to a renovated room (415) on the back side of the building. HUGE huge difference! It was just as…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or95-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE OF THIS PLACE,"No mice or pests in our room... they had moved out. We booked a twin room, only had a double room.. we had to send somebody to another motel. wish we hadnt prepaid. The front door didnt work, up 4 flights of stairs, lucky we are not old, the toilet had alean, like the rest of the building, the room stinks, the shower is small. Moved to a 'twin"" room after 3 nights, the shower fell off the wall, the freezer was frozen over and it also smells. The staff were as helpfull as they could be, but that is as far as it goes. only stay here if there are no park benchs left. Casa Mombasa  Australia",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or95-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap hotel, does what it says...","I booked this hotel before checking the recommendations on Tripadvisor - but as I couldn't cancel without losing the price of the room, I decided to go anyway. I however asked for a renovated room (top of the stairs), which I got and the room itself was rather pleasant. To be noted that he staff is very friendly and helpful.  Indeed, the place is old and in desperate need of a refurbishment as far as the corridors are concerned. Spotted old carpet, narrow hall... but the room was of a nice size, with a nice comfortable bed a small kitchen and respectable bathroom. Double bed with a good mattress, which could allow a good night sleep.  Unfortunately the windows are not new, and Warwick Road is a rather busy road which will not allow you to rest. I also have concerns regarding the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or95-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the risk!,"I believe that some get lucky and get a remodeled room. Unfortunately we were not the lucky honeymooners. And even after many requests to be moved, we were told it wasn’t possible. Even though we stood right in the lobby listening to one couple tell how they came to get their key to the new room they had been moved to (after we had already asked and had been denied). We were intentionally given the shrug off. We stupidly booked 13 nights in this dump online and they knew we were locked in. We were placed downstairs in the dungeon across the street where it smelled like mildew. They changed our bedding one time in the 2 weeks we were there. Oh the bed, the bed was so awful, every spring was felt. That is no exaggeration. And god forbid you want to make toast…it sets off the fire…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or100-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Is what it is,"Low end cost, low end room. Served its purpose for 4 27-31yr old men attending Eurogamer expo. Bed was comfortable. Definately looking to spend that bit more next year though. Stay here if all you want is a bed.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or100-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Lowest Point of a 60 Night Trip,Location and price were good but great but everything else was poor. Our room was in desperate need of renovation. Lights didn't work. The cupboard was falling off the wall. The carpet was daggy and needed a good clean. The bed was too big for the room and meant that some doors didn't open properly as it was so cramped. No coolong or ventilation apart from opening the window on a busy street. New towels arrived every day however.,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or100-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be put off by negative reviews,"Me and a friend have just returned from a overnightn stay at the Dylan apartments. I must admit on arrival I was very wary after reading the reviews on trip advisor. I brought this to the receptionist attention on check in & she explained some of the rooms have not been renovated, I requested a renovated room which she quiet happily provided us with! We were based in the main apartments but I did notice people being sent to another building over the road. The room we stayed in was 317 which was the top floor, quiet a few stairs to climb but we were young & fit & didnt mind. The room was small basic & clean two single beds, a small wardrobe, the kitchen provided a microwave, kettle, toaster & fridge plus there was a table & two chairs. The bathroom was small toilet, sink &…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or100-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",the location is only what is worth money,"You will never get that what is on the site! Great location, terrible room. We paid extra 5% because we used a visa card, which is the first time ever during years we coming for the same fair, stayed in a different hotels in the same area. ",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or100-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Crap !!,"This hotel is crap, save your money, wasn't cheap for the quality. My room was on the second floor, very noisy and small. They didn't even have the courtesy to provide toiletries.  All you get are clean towels. ",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or105-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",nice place,"me and my 14 yr old daughter stayed here in room 7,was a very nice room with 2 very nice comfy beds,clean bathroom with towells and free toiletries, room was was clean with small kitchinette this was great and saved us money on eating out every day in london. room was cleaned every day and towells changed. tesco few min walk as is the tube at earls court,great location in a quite enough area nr museums and earls court",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or105-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",So bad I paid to go somewhere else,"This is truly the worst room I have ever seen and I travel a great deal. It bore no resemblance to the website and the rooms were tiny, filthy and insecure. The key we were given opened a range of other doors, I know this because we were told the wrong room number. The window would not close.  The walls were stained and damp and the paint was peeling away. The smoke alarm was broken. It was so dusty I could not breathe and because I am asthmatic I decided to leave and find another hotel.  They refused to refund my fee.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or105-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",I'm surprised,"We had to go come to London for a work trip and we chose a hotel where we can cook our favourite breakfast and in the budget.   I am not at all disappointed! We travelled by train to King's Cross and found the tube so convenient to get us to the hotel. The tube station is literally 3 mins walk!!! Room was on the 2nd floor at the back of the building, it was quiet and we had a great sleep. Staff were all lovely and the lovely receptionist Daniela give us a refurbished room for our 3 day stay. Everything was new and clean inclusive the towels, bed linen, the furniture and the carpet. You can still smell the fresh paint on the corridor but is OK because everything is nice.  After all the previous reviews we did not expect to find something like this. We will come back for a small…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or105-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Third world accommodation in London,"Web photos misleading. The rooms were small and dirty. The drains were smelly and the kitchenette was dirty with unuseable utensils.The furniture, matress and carpets dated back out of the 1970's. When booked we booked a twin room. On arrival they gave us a double room. After complaining they gave us our own rooms. We booked via London30.com with credit card We were informed on arrival we had to pay extra 5% because we pay via credit card. Dylans advertised free internet. There was no free internet it was charged @ 10 pounds a day. Stay clear of this dump. Also dont use London30.com as they allow service providers with false advertising. They should take responsibility for advertising this dump",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or105-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",1/10 DUMP,This hotel is a real dump. It's the end of the line. The photos on the web are not what you get. Stay away !!,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or110-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Never again in our life,"Due to the Queen's Jubilee and the Olympic games this year, it seemed very hard from the beginning to find an affordable place to sleep in the whole London. After weeks and weeks of search, we finished in a typical English room : noisy, extremely dirty, with no facilities at all. Even the only thing that we really needed to do (sleep) was a problem. The location is quite good, Earl's Court station is 5' walking distance. Arrived, an Indian guy witout much courtesy or interest on us, gave us the key and without bothering to get us his chair, showed us the narrow stair to get to the 3rd floor. First thing, once in the room, apart from the shock that I will describe later on (do we really have to sleep here?!), we realized he had NOT given us any  receipt or proof of payment. We…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or110-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,All I will say is do not stay here. Ever. Under any circumstances. Service was awful. You pay £10 a day for internet that doesn't work. The rooms are small and dirty.  There are no rooms that are anything like what you see on the website.  Do not stay here.,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or110-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Disgraceful, Diabolical, Dreadful","Awful hotel, please avoid! Small rooms with a god awful stench that comes up the drains and permeates through the room. We had sewage leaking through our roof from the apartment above which we complained about a multitude of times and each time the said they would send someone up to fix it and sure enough no one came... On the plus side its in a good spot, but you would be better setting up a cardboard box around the corner. We eventually moved to the Ibis Earl's Court about a kilometre away. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or110-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",do not book this hotel!,"First of all, you think you're booking an appartment, but it turns out to be a hotel room with kitchenette. but without chairs and no space to move. The bed is horrible, the matras is probibly as old as the building ;( You have to pay for storage of your luggage 5 pounds per piece for 6 hours! Our room was on the third floor, wich were a lot of stairs, and I think that in case of a fire we wouldn't get out.  The only good thing was the location, 5 minutes walk to the subway at Earl's court and across the street there's a 24 hour Tesco. Also a lot of restaurants nearby. So if you like to stay in this neighbourhood search a little further for another place.  The receptionist didn't even bother to ask how our stay was, so I think that they also know it's a rip off!!! Photo's they…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or110-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy, hot & dirty","The only positive was prime location (earls court tube station).  After seeing their pictures online we were expecting a small studio apartment however this ended up being a very small and dirty room with very little space to move never mind cook, etc. The room was far too hot and without option to switch off the heating. No double glazing so room was very noisy, the room was very dirty (the fridge, bed linen and floor), and we had to ask a few times to replace light bulbs as there was only a few working. Staff weren't particularly friendly or accommodating. Will never return again or recommend to anyone!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or115-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump,"The rooms are filthy they only had one working light bulb out of 7, the windows were nailed shut there were holes in the skirting stuffed with newspaper. The staff were rude, could hardly speak any English and were totally unco-operative. The web-site pictures are a complete fabrication, I am surprised that trading standards havent closed them down. I have tried to get a refund but customer services simly refuse to make contact. please learn from my painfull experience.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or115-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"was put in a small room not the apartments show in the pictures, the receptionist said i wasnt booked in then tried charging me more then the online prices, when i agreed to pay it i paid cash but had no change so he said he'd give me my £15 when i checked out but was no where in sight in the morning.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or115-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't bother booking,"We arrived to have to call someone from another appartment block to let us in to check in.  Once got to our room (which was not a studio appartment it was just a room with a 2 ring cooker, fridge, sink and ensuite) it was filthy, walls were full of holes and the smell comming from the bathroom was disgusting.  We tried to contact the owner/manager person who ever he was who let us in but he didn't answer.  We were forced to spend a night in this revolting room but were transferred to an alternative room which was supposed to be an improvement however the only improvement was it didn't smell. neither room matched the discription or pictures from their website and I would rather have stayed at a hostel with a room full of strangers than stay here again my back is also in agony now…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or115-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",MICE IN THE ROOM - WORST HOTEL EVER,"Please people, however tight your budget do not pick this hotel!  have reported them to the Environmental Health Department - there was mice in our room, the room was dirty, disgusting, aboslutely tiny and bears no resemblance to the website.  The hotel staff refused to help or even come to our room when we asked for assistance.  The staff admited there were mice but would not refund our money - which they had insisted we paid in cash immediately on arrival. We were eventually moved to an identical room next door which was even dirtier, so we left and had to spend more money on a decent hotel for our remaining night. There appears to be no Manager, and the staff have no clue what to do except repeat until they are blue in the face that there are NO REFUNDS! EVER!  Never ever…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or115-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Looks good in the Entrance Hall BUT that is where it stops!,"Checked out the pics of the place even live google at street level.  The entrave looks fine but then you start to go upstairs it gets very bad very quickly.  When you get to your room (114 in my case) you couldn't swing a cat.  Booked a twin and there were two beds, side by side as there was no room to seperate them.  The curtains were shreaded so when draqwn there were vertical lines where the light shone through.  The TV was wall mounted 7ft high with no remote, i had to stand on a chair to turn it on and change channel.  It was a single bedroom that they were calling a studio appartment, i should have booked a hotel room, it would have been more spacious.  My advice would be Don't Stay there.  Did i mention you check-in at another hotel across a very busy 3laned road and…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or120-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","terrible place, misleading website pics","Shocking place, worst accomodation I have ever stayed at. Not sure how they can get away with the pics on the website and then compare to what the rooms actually are.  The rooms are small and dirty, BYO your own sheets, as they are not clean!  TV was very old, sitting on top of dodgy wooden cupboard and no remote.  Walls are paper thin.Avoid at all costs!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or120-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, just terrible","I normally check hotels etc on Trip Advisor before going and didn't do it for this place. Boy I wish I had done that before I booked because otherwise I would never have bothered. I'll cut straight to the point fellow travellers - this is nothing like as advertised on the website or any other travel site you can book it on. It is a dump and not worth the money they charge. The room my friend and I got was right at the top of a steep set of badly carpeted staircases. There's no lift so if you get one at the top and you've got a heavy case then be careful! The carpet on the stairs was old and full of holes, the walls looked like they were last painted in the 70s and the heat inside the place is stifling. When we opened our apartment door, we were stunned by how small the apartment…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or120-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Most awful place I have ever stayed! Bears no resemblance to the we site.,"This is truly the most awful place I have ever stayed. Upon arrival the receptionist insisted I pay with a UK debit card or in cash. I used my card, but this meant I could not get a refund, which is exactly what I wanted immediately after seeing our disgusting room. It bore absolutely no resemblance to the pictures on the Internet, I have no idea where they got their photos from. Here is a list of problems in our room: ancient tattered beds, directly under the broken sash and case window, which we were unable to lock, outside was scaffolding, allowing easy access to our room from outside. There were workmen there causing debris to fall into our room & onto our beds & pillows, the window was jammed open, a broken electrical socket,worn & torn carpet, a dirty kitchen type unit…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or120-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!,"I stayed at the Dylan apartments after looking at the website and thinking it would do for one night. I was fully aware it was not the Ritz, but was horrified when we arrived. The man at reception would only accept cash or debit card and made us pay on arrival, this was so there was no way we could get our money back.  We got to our room and immediately asked for a refund which we were refused and told it was a very common reaction, and people want to contact the police/lawyers.  The window was jammed open, and there was scaffolding with builders on it, outside our window, practically in our room. The room was therefore covered in dust. The tv was broken, none of the facilities it said it had on the website were provided. There was dampness everywhere, holes in the floor, a…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or120-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Anyone who reccomend this hotel should be shot!,"We travelled to all the continents, but never expected to find the worst hotel of the world in London. Besides the room was dirty, small, smelly, and noisy it didn't even had any curtains. We could go on but you are better of looking for another hotel or sleep in the tube.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or125-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","Do not bother, pay a little more and get something decent","It takes a lot to provoke me to write a bad review but this hotel was very disappointing. Make sure you have cash to pay for the room as charges are made for card payments. Also don;t arrive after 10:30pm as you will be charged 50 quid.   I wouldn't bother staying here. London is expensive but I have had much better for a similar price. The location is good but the rooms are awful.  1, The door barely closed 2, Blood stain on sheet (small but not very nice) 3. Filthy carpet 4. Wardrobe propped up by yellow pages (very practical but not very professional) 5. The shower had two settings ice cold or scorching hot  For the money paid I expect a decent standard but this fell well short and luckily we only had a one night stay and spent very little time in the room.   Just find…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or125-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",5 star website zero star venue,Absolute shocker. Never again. There is not even a sign on the door or anywhere to tell you the name of the place.. My daughter took one hour to find it!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or125-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",It would have ruined our vacation if we didn’t find another place.,"My girlfriend and I arrived in the evening for a five day stay at this recently converted filthy hostel. The website showed photos of clean rooms and looked good with only medium reviews. Our actual arrival had us checking in with the desk staff who gave a strong impression of being used to aggressive customers as he was very defensive. This was also indicated by a printed paper sign stating that ""abuse towards the staff will not be tolerated"". He insisted in collecting the payment in cash and did not want to use credit card. They charge 5% for VISA/Master card and 10% for AMEX and say that it is cheaper to just pay cash. We were told where our room was and we entered a mold smelling cramped, dirty room with torn carpet, broken furniture, dirty kitchenware, bedding had a candy…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or125-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London","do not stay, if you want hotels from hell and no security and if you are not scared of anything you can stay","well where can i start, today is 26th ar and i have been waiting a phone call from expedia.com regarding my complain, i arrived this hotel 9th apr at 6.30pm after 7 hours driving journey from glasgow, soones i arrive i had first suprise, address i had is not that hotl and had to walk another 3 block to get reception, when i got thre there is no receptionist, after 20 min someone arrive and asked me wht do i want (WHAT DO YOU WANT?) I SAID i have a reservation and would like to check in and need to leave my bags and need a taxi asap to go dinner meeting, i have been told taxi will be on the street and need to wait and if i see any taxi i need to get their atention and they migt stop, they are npt allowed to stop because its main road and very very bussy traffic, (this is also not…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or125-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel is a disgrace,This is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at.  The worst most unhelpful rudest staff that I have ever come across They add extra charges onto your bill and refuse to refund Trying to contact the manager after a bill dispute took 2 days and not resolved A very dishonestly run business that will be reported,Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or130-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Not great but OK for a short stay,I stayed at these apartments for 2 nights with my boyfriend whilst we were in London for the weekend for a friend's birthday celebrations. Please be warned I called before arrving to check a few things and discovered if you are staying for 3 nights or more the hotel will ask for a £250 deposit to be held on your debit or credit card and if you arrive after 10pm you will be charged an additional £50 as a late check in fee! This is not advertised anywhere on their site so not sure how they can get away with it but luckily we didn't have to pay either.   Receptionist who checked us in was a bit off hand and was scruffily dressed in tracksuit bottoms which wasn't a great start. There was also some kind of faffing around with the card machine which meant we had to go and get cash out…,Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or130-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",If you just want somewhere to sleep...,"The hotel is near Earl's Court Tube Station and the room is almost a mini-studio apartment (emphasis on the ""mini"" part). It is equipped with a mini-kitchen with a fridge/freezers, toaster and microwave. Although it is quite small, we enjoyed very much. It is really a no-frills type of thing.  Negative things: we only saw the receptionist at check-in and the staff seemed to disappear during our stay. We have to pay (10£/hour) for wi-fi. The rooms could be cleaner.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or130-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Terrific,"Isn't an apartment but an hotel 1 star with a little kitchen corner. I've seen 2 rooms: rooms very little, broken bed, heather not works, RATS! furniture broken, pictures not true, isn't refurbished like described. They ask money ay check in and they add a commission if you want to pay by credit card. I'm sorry I forgot to take a picture because the situation would appears very clear!",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1502057-Reviews-or130-Dylan_Apartments_Kensington-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Dylan Apartments Kensington Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother with this one - it's not good value for money!,"I was looking to book somewhere close to the London Olympia as I was due to attend an exhibition there. I was travelling with my young family so I thought an apartment would have better facilities than a hotel room. When we got there, we couldn't find the place because the signage doesn't say Dylan Apartments, but Warwick House - not very helpful! The Receptionist didn't inspire us with confidence when she kept faffing with the computer and the card key machine. We'd been stood at the desk for more than half an hour. There were no chairs, so my children had to sit at the foot of the stairs. Eventually, the card key was ""made"" and we were directed to go across the road. Another point to make is, if you have a pushchair or are disabled - this place is no good for you, as there are…",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
