,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or0-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Old and snelly,"This hotel is very ordinary and the only good thing it offers is it’s proximity to Oxford Street and Marble Arch station.   The rooms are tiny, smelly and not very clean. The bathrooms are gross with a bath/shower that is high to get into and slippery. The shower is awful and takes forever for hot water to come through and when it does the temperature jumps from hot to freezing every 10 seconds.   The heater on the wall didn’t work and neither did the electric one. The wifi is quite slow and annoying to set up. Our power board didn’t work so we had to boil the kettle on the floor. They give you plastic cups and stirrers and only two mugs although we had a triple share room. The mattresses aren’t very comfortable and we were only given one blanket and one lumpy pillow each. The blankets had some strange stains on them. They also took our towels and only gave us two between three of us.   This hotel is also not age friendly unless you’re on the ground floor. The elevator is tiny and barely fits two people, and the stairs are very long and crooked. We were on the fourth floor with an elevator that only goes to the third. We had to haul all of our cases up a full flight of stairs and do three trips in the elevator to come down again.   The complimentary breakfast leaves much to be desired. The eggs were cold and the baked beans weren’t even heated. The toast was only barely brown and the tea and coffee cold. One morning we were forgotten about for quite a while and others were being served and given their food after us.   In saying all of this the reception staff were very lovely and always offered a friendly greeting. They also let us leave our cases in the foyer before we checked in and after we checked out as we weren’t leaving until later that afternoon.   I wouldn’t recommend this place unless you are desperate as it wasn’t particularly cheap for what it offered. But at the end of the day if all you want is a bed and a sometimes hot shower it does give you that.  …",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or0-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very smelly!,Absolutely disgusting! The rooms were scrubby and smelt of sewerage! We asked to change rooms but they were all the same. The front of desk concierge smoked so the entrance to the hotel smelt of smoke. Breakfast was a brick hard croissant! Value for money absolutely not. The pictures on the hotels website are not a true representation of the rooms and facilities. Never again.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or0-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but poor condition,"The hotel location is one of the best in London, being very close to the Hyde Park, Oxford Street and everything in Marylebone. However its condition is quite poor I'm afraid. The furniture is ancient, everything inside is very worn. I stayed in a 3 bedded room (did not ask for it). The beds were comfortable and clean but the bathroom door for example did not close, the shower is fixed and cannot be adjusted, water was quite slow, the floor in the bathroom was kind of sloped quite markedly. After I opened the wardrobe door I could not close it (because the hinges were loose and the door angle needed to be adjusted to fit in before it is closed). It just isn't the type of a hotel that you would enjoy in any way, but perhaps it's good for really short business trips where you only want a place to sleep after a long day in London…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or0-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful,My daughter had to leave as she could not breath due to damp ! My son got bitten ! Hotel.com tried to get refund but the hotel refused even though only spent maximum an hour but that was only due to waiting for hotel.com s response ! These are pictures of the room ! My daughter has more pictures of the lift ! I am reporting the hotel for health and safety! Disgusting ! I wouldn’t even give them 1star !,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or0-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here,"The hotel is old and decrepit. I booked through Booking.com, and saw several reviews raving about the hotel, big mistake! I wasn’t aware booking.com picks the reviews and removes the negative ones. The male receptionist couldn’t explain the map well. The carpets were old and stained. The bathroom shower head had to be adjusted to get a satisfactory flow of water.  It was like staying at a third world hotel! The ceiling fan felt as if it was going to fall any day. My daughter was afraid that each day with legs would be her last. The furnitures were samples from a haunted house, all rickety and old. I can’t imagine why it would charge such a steep rate for non-existent amenities. No, I wouldn’t recommend this hotel at all! ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or5-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",It's like spending a night with Satan in h#$ll,"Are you thinking about satying here!? Well, stop thinking and find somewhere else to stay! A tent in the park would be a better option. The room looked like it was'nt cleaned in at leats two years. Mold and stains everywhere. Is it urine or coffee on the carpet, no one knows, but I have a good guess. The beds felt like they where from the 11th century, again a tent with a decent mat would be a petter place.   So my advice - find another place, do not be tempted by the low prices. London has better hostels for an even lover price.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or5-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little gem,This is a very quaint little unassuming front. You walk in and it's not anything that I was expecting. Nothing like American hotels. Pleasantly surprised. All of the staff that we met during our stay were pleasant and very accommodating. They served a very wonderful complimentary breakfast every morning but also had a menu you could order off of. Walking distance to a tube station and bus station. I hope to stay again.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or5-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Insecure accommodation,"In my own opinion the hotel is far from 3* accommodation, the place was in a rundown condition, and the locks on the doors and windows would struggle to keep a draft from opening them. Sadly an over priced night in a insecure room. Shower height was far too low, room furniture was falling to pieces. Found the one night stay unsettling and I'm not easily troubled. I would not stay their again even if i was paid too.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or5-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it,"Only good thing about this place is the location, very old building and nothing has been done there i years. Room did look clean, but wen you look on the  walls, headboard and corners it was not clean.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or5-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced,"Well located hotel, with easy access from Heathrow airport (express 15 min + walking 15 min). Old building, old furniture. Basic English breakfast from 8 to 10. Clean rooms but nothing fancy. Good internet connection. Compared to other hotels where I have been, the price per night is high, and 2 stars are enough. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or10-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",The House on Haunted Hill,"I had to stay in here for a night whilst working away in London recently..... In short it was horrendous.  Old , Dilapadated and very untidy and that was before l got to my room.  Light not working , no handle on the toilet door and general state of the bedroom. It was dated and musty with peeling paint and rot around the window frames.  The decor was like the Overlook hotel and to be honest I was half expecting to wake up and see a pair of creepy Twinns at the end of my bed. When l thankfully left 2 hours early l was greeted by the night guy asleep on a sofa with his manky feet out.  To top it of Liverpool went through to the CL final which l watched on my phone as only about 3 channels were working on the tele which was that small you needed the eyesight of a peregrine falcon…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or10-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommanded,"Very old and worn down hotel.  Most of the staff friendly, but the older women on the front desk is very rude!! The breakfast was not great. Cleaning was good, but the old carpets are disgusting. We could not walk inside without shoes. Very good location. We will not recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or10-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here!!,"I visited this awful place 30th April 2019. The receptionist was rude, unhelpful and looked like she hasn’t seen soap and water for a month. Take my advice and stay well away. There are many many hotels in the area which must be 100 times better. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or10-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a deep clean,"Horrible. Needs a deep cleaning and a facelift. Old and damaged fixtures and fittings, and dirty. Room 306 too hot, no control over the heating. Tiny lift is big enough for one person and a case.  Breakfast served after 8am?! Shame, as location is good and nearby hotels look amazing. This hotel was probably the worst I've ever stayed in.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or10-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",how did The Luftwaffe miss it ?,It was awful.That is all you need to know. The mattress in my room was the hardest known to man and resembled a mock up of the Alps. I now know how actors in Rep travelling around and staying in cheap digs in the 1960's felt. With one exception - The Rose Court Hotel isn't particularly cheap !,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or15-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, avoid, avoid - seriously.","The worst hotel my husband and I have ever stayed at - booked by a client we were working for as there was literally nowhere else to stay in London. The price was in the £100's and you would pay less for a hotel chain. The room was actually dangerous with a very high bath, the wardrobe door came apart, it was dirty, there was no soap in the bathroom so we had to go out and buy some and leave it for the next poor guest. The bed linen (although looked clean) smelt of takeaways! Be wary of this hotel - there are signs in the room saying that no responsibility will be taken for any items that go missing in the room and other travellers have reported money going missing. Not worth the risk or your time.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or15-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"The rose court hotel was disgusting. We booked a 3 night stay and left after one as it was unbearable. The beds were old and had extremely uncomfortable mattresses. We tried two different rooms and they were equally gross. Old, stained carpets, dirty, marked walls and a “cupboard” that had old mismatched hangers and no light or shelves. The bathroom was what tipped us over the edge. A slippery bath to stand in and shower, a shower head that didn’t sit properly so you couldn’t actually stand under it. The taps leaked everywhere and the pressure was terrible. My father could literally not wash properly. You couldn’t open the door all the way as the toilet was in the way. The toilet seat was not secure. The towels were revolting, thin and scratchy and we weren’t even given a…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or15-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel where I am going to stay again and again!,"I would like to thank from whole my heart the management of this lovely hotel for being so nice, so attentive and so kind to me every time when I just decided to book my stay in London. A month ago I again stayed in ""Rose Court Hotel"". It was my sixth stay there. I had my room that I liked from the first time of my stay. Into room I had TV, big bathroom with a bath and comfortable bed. Also there was the electric kettle, cups and as much tea, coffee and sugar as I wanted. What else do I need to relax after a busy day? I could use Wi-Fi in my room. But the security system of my tablet didn't want me to. I don't know why. Even without using Wi-Fi I felt good and comfortable in my room. The staff of the hotel from the reception to the restaurant was nice! I would like to thank…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or15-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t stay for long,The staff was very nice.  That’s the good part.  The rooms were very shabby and depressing.  Curtains were not on rads just hanging.  No towel racks. Nothing was straight.  Even tv on wall was crooked. Would not stay there again,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or15-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",One night and that was more than enough,"Okay, I needed a place to stay for one night after a long evening out at a dinner on Park Lane and so my hotel needed to be close to Marble Arch and cheap. The Rose Court met these requirements but apart from that I wouldn't say it has a lot to recommend it. Old and shabby throughout, rickety furniture and none of the rooms seemed particularly clean but it was only £85 for one night in the West End. The bedroom I was allocated was on the top floor with a massive skylight covered with a fairly ineffective blind, was similarly shabby and the shower room tiny and worn-out. Breakfast, which is included, is a combination of a simple buffet and a plate of scrambled eggs and baked beans (probably worth avoiding in truth) in a room reminiscent of a 1960's café - Formica tables and metal…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or20-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Should be closed down,"This was the third room we were offered .The first had a broken lock and a cracked window.Disgusting,dirty , smelly and shabby.Only the bed linen was clean .Avoid at all costs .The staff seem beyond caring and made no attempt to clean the room after being shown photos .",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or20-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, lovely staff","Great location lovely staff, I really like very much the hotel.  Mohamed , Viki , morning Manager , housekeeping lady .   If you are not picky to a 5 stars standards you will love the hotel.  Hotel is very close to the marble arch & oxford street.  Breakfast is acceptable, tea & coffee facilities inside the room.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or20-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",I enjoyed my stay.,"For a first timer in London, the Rose Courts was a comfortable and affordable place to stay. Its wifi was good and so was the breakfast, which was quite plenty.  I would recommend it for a person staying in Central London for a short while who would need a quick place to crash.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or20-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",I loved my time there <3,"My family has been coming there from Iceland for generations and the hotel holds such a lovely charm especially with such a wonderful staff, always willing and happy to help :) I look forward to our next visit <3",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or20-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Okay hotel for the price,"I found the hotel pleasant enough, the staff worked very hard on a low budget. Peaceful location just off Marble Arch is priceless. I relished my quiet room, it was clean, the bed was comfy, the bathroom was all fine and the shower had a good water preasure. Breakfast was on a very low budget, but I didn't expect better for the price I paid.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or25-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"Rose court had is excellently placed for the local amenities. It is a old property that no one can either be bothered to, or have the money to bring into the 21st century. It would be ideal for blind people to visit as they won't be able to see how disgusting this place really is.  Definatly not worth the money I paid to stay here. It's the kind of place you would bring your co- worker to for a cheeky bonk on Monday lunch time behind your partners back. I'll be making sure to wipe my feet on the way out as I'm sure the street is cleaner than the carpets.  There was urine on the toilet seat, dirt in the bath, hair and a used nappy in the bin, dirt and damp patches in places, completely different to the pictures advertised. Unsuitable for children and not pushchair friendly at…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or25-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Amazed that there are any guests!,"The hotel was dirty, run down, outdated and terrible. people sleeping on the sofa in reception, no AC, kettle didnt reach plug socket,mould around the orange juice jug at breakfast. staff dealing with a ' blood' first aid issue in the dining room whilst we were eating!  Cold baked beans and scrambled egg for breakfast, dripping tap in bathroom, a colleague of mine had no hot water.Lift too small for a wheelchair, pushchair or more than one person! bits of carpet missing from corridor on the lower ground floor. very poor, would never stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or25-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place to stay in all of London,"This hotel was booked for us through our travel agent.  When we arrived the desk clerk was sleeping on the sofa in the lobby.  The elevator up to our room only held one person and a suitcase.  No AC, one window opens to the noisy street.  Bathroom was from the dark ages.  We were booked for 4 nights.  After one night we left and went to another hotel.  Would not recommend this place to my dog.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or25-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A trip back in time,"I wanted somewhere cheap to stay in walking distance from my meetings. I stayed one night and it fitted the bill. I was not there more than eight hours. The decor is something out of the seventies. It was well priced against anything else available and yes, under the same circumstances, i would go back. I did not stay for breakfast, but the breakfast area was very busy when I left at around 8am.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or25-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",London trip ,  Rigtig godt hotel. Venligt og imødekommende personale. Hotellet ligger rigtig centralt i forhold til attraktioner. Ligger tæt på undergrunden. Cirka 300 meter.  Hotellet har 2 familie værelser. Vi fik værelse nummer 100. Dette er stort og velegnet til familier op til 5 personer. Morgenmad er udenmærket. Kan varmt anbefales  -- Really good hotel. Friendly and welcoming staff. The hotel is centrally located in terms of attractions. Located close to the underground. About 300 meters. The hotel has 2 family rooms. We got room number 100. This is large and suitable for families up to 5 people. Breakfast is okay. Highly recommended. ,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or30-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & excellent location,Yes this hotel is basic but with the price you pay you can't really complain! The location is excellent and the rooms are satisfactory. If you're looking for somewhere cheap just to crash your head and explore London city centre then this hotel is perfect!,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or30-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Depends on your expectations...,"We stayed at Rose Court hotel earlier this month. We were disappointed to say the least. While the location was great, the hotel was poorly maintained and our room was very small (with not even enough space to store our luggage). The reception area was open 24 hours and while the staff were friendly, their English wasn't good enough to facilitate a meaningful conversation at times. The room was clean enough but old and tired. Breakfast was ordinary, but included in the booking price. However- our friends also stayed at the same time and their room (one adult and two children) was much larger, cleaner and the bathroom had been refurbished. In all, a tired old hotel in need of some TLC but in a great location.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or30-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but that it's","I boked this accommodation via some travel agency because I had some event in near hotel which was overbooked. I decided to stay in this hotel, what ended up as not smart decision. The rooms are small and not clean, the hairs were from towels to bathroom and all over the bed linens. Otherwise the hotel is on good location and if it would be clean and a bit maintained would be great. Stuff (on reception) was helpful and help offer me another room which was slightly better. To mention, I’m frequently in London on different locations and this was my second (hope last) unpleasant experience with near “Hyde park” hotels.   ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or30-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Jackpot,"A great hotel for holiday makers and business trips. Right in the centre of London, 2 minutes away from oxford street and Marble Arch Station. Reception was 24 hours available, all staff were friendly and helpful. Lift available. Room included a private bathroom with all necessities. Towels were changed everyday. Room was clean and spacious enough for our luggage. Breakfast includes toast and eggs and beans, croissants coffee tea, and juice which are all included in the price of the booking. To round up, the greatest asset to this hotel is its location, perfect for the bnb personnel who will be visiting all the great sights of London or will be out during the day. Definitely my first choice if i return.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or30-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Depends what you are looking for,"Booked this hotel in December as I wanted to take my mum to Winter Wonderland Hyde park.  Our room was on the ground floor right next to the gents public toilets, so not a great location to be in. The window was very high up and the curtain rail had broken so the curtains would not shut properly, there must have been an inch gap around the window so could get drafty. The window in the toilet had cracked and was selotaped up. Water kept bubbling up in the bath, hopefully it wasn't coming from the gents  toilets next door - and there was no plug. The radiators were on and there was no way of turning them of so you had no control of the room temperature.  However the toilet and the beds were very clean, the breakfast was good and you are literally 5 minutes walk between marble arch…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or35-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",In dire need of update - stay here in desperation only.,"The hotel is well located just along the road from Marble Arch but has clearly seen much better days. Whatever its previous heritage, the whole building is in desperate need of renovation and update. That said, our room was adequately sized, the bed comfortable, the linen and towels clean and the water hot. Breakfast is a workmanlike experience - simple self service and limited. I've stayed in some pretty dire places - this isn't one of them - but if you've selected to stay here, caution your expectations before you walk in the door and try to ignore the peeling wallpaper and paint, the leaky windows and outdated carpets/furniture.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or35-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have stayed at,"The only positive thing is the excellent location in Central London. The room is overheated and you cannot moderate the heating. Room 103 is equipped with a window door that opens on a shared balcony. The window does not lock properly so it is the first time I feel unsafe in a hotel. You can ear everything from the street as well. Hopefully I always have some earplugs. As for the bathroom, there is NO space at all for your toilets amenities. And I didn’t mention the 40 year old decoration and carpet ... I would not even put my dog in this hotel Breakfast is very average, not even an English breakfast. The staff is very corteous. Keep in mind breakfast starts at 8am so not a place for early birds",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or35-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Special present,"Went to London for a birthday celebration. Arrived back at the hotel very late after meal and show, and went straight to bed. In the morning my wife found the tea and coffee in the bedside table, together with a used condom. What else is there to say.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or35-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Past its sell by date,"We were given room 300 which was disgusting with rotten window frames (which couldn’t be secured)and dirt due to ineffective cleaning. We were moved to room 101 where the window frames were also rotten and dust hanging on the walls. The windows were single glazed with bad sealing so the room was noisy. On the landing, there were dirty marks above the heater from dust being convected and not cleaned. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or35-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel,Just returned from a 2 night stay. Was apprehensive after reading other reviews but didn't need to be. My sister was allowed to check in early and the room was clean and spacious enough for 3 adults and a teenager. Room cleaned during our stay with fresh bedding and towels. Yes the hotel looks a bit tired but no worse than other hotels in London charging a more expensive rate. Great location for Hyde Park and we found it quiet. Only issue was the fire alarm going off at 2:30am and the poor night porter couldn't switch it off and looked close to tears. Receptionist apologised as soon as we got the desk to check out the following morning. Overall a pleasant stay for a couple of nights and we found the staff friendly. We had no bed bug issues like other reviews. ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or40-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Mixed reviews, but make noe mistake. Terrible B&B!","Location very close to Marble Arch and Oxford street is pretty much the only good thing with this place.  Stayed in a family room in the basement. View towards a backyard with litter. Windows had to be closes due to traffic noise just outside. Also a lot of noise from other rooms.  Room was quite large, but just a single closet for your belongings. Not even a knob or two by the door for jackets. Firm beds, acceptable for a few night, in other words not not terrible :) Bathroom with broken door. Could only be closed by locking it from the inside, which of course means the bathroom door stays open at night and when nobody is using it... Add a broken cistern that kept flushing for 5 mins after every visit you could imagine that this was anoying. Especially at night.  Hotel offers…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or40-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not Disabled Friendly,"Booked in thinking it was wheelchair friendly, its no had problems just getting into building, was booked in for 6 days couldn't have a shower the whole time as they have the shower over the bath not good if your a wheelchair user",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or40-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"This is without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It may have been owned by the Churchill family in the past but I doubt it has been redecorated since they left! The bathroom smelt of damp and the window in the bedroom wouldn't shut. Having read the reviews, sadly not until after it was too late to cancel, I decided to give breakfast a miss. Take my advice, book somewhere else, anywhere else...",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or40-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ever,"I visited this hotel for two nights in a weekend stay, my friend had already booked it, did tell me the reviews were mixed but you take a chance sometimes, we certainly did. We were too early in arriving for check in so left our bags and called back later in the day, I was shown my room up a dirty stairway that had carpet on it that was out of the ark , room was just as bad, tiny, more like s cupboard with a window looking out the back to other buildings that were similar. Very unattractive. Small bathroom with a shower tray which was The tiniest I've ever seen you kept hitting yourself off the sides when using it, a wardrobe and set of drawers that had seen better days and smelled fusty and robe was damp, awful looking. We had been given the continental breakfast option but…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or40-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking ,"Went to London to see bat out of hell. Needed a cheap and cheerful hotel just to rest our heads for the night. How wrong were we. Outside looked nice and i felt i made a good choice for £144. But i couldnt be more wrong. Got to reception lady just looked up give us our key told us second floor but there was a lift (broken of course!). So stairs it was...narrow and dated really just needed a lick of paint and for the £144 we gave alone could have done the trick and made it more pleasant. Got to our room thought the door was already open...turns out the doors were not even on properly and locks were old. Got into our room, boiling. Window hatch broken so it kept shutting. They put tea and coffee in the draw and left the sugar in a tub not even wrapped so dust etc would settle into…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or45-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cold scrambled eggs,"Arriving at this hotel, it looked ok from the outside. Location was fine, with just a 10 minute walk to Bond Street station (jubilee line). Interior was very dated but that maybe the look this hotel is going for! Got given key to our room on the first floor, which was very good because I would not contemplate using the elevator!     Getting to our room, we discovered 5 suitcases in our room. Great start! Having gone back down to reception, we were told that those people were moving rooms. Alarm bells anyone? So they moved the luggage and we were given the same room. Bed linen was fine, decor dated, very hot in room with no air con, and hanging my clothes up in a wonky cupboard. Tried having a shower as best I could with the shower head not propping up! (Facing down)     In the…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or45-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever booked,"I've booked this hotel for 3 nights, during this time I couldn't take a shower because the bath is broken, my room was so dark because the main light didn't even has a light bulb, there are some kind of suspicious hairs on the bed sheet【Thank god I've brought my own】. Plus, the entire room was cold as an ice. I ask the reception to fix those problems as soon as I could, but HE  REFUSED to fix them【yes, even the light bulb】after I said I will be here for 2 other days!. ....After all, at least I've got the light fixed in the before my second night, but it didn't work again the third night. I don't even bother to fix it. I'm so tired in this hotel   _(:з)∠)_",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or45-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid. ,"Plenty of better hotels in the area. The hotel is old and mostly dirty, but at least the bed sheets are clean. The radiator was always on even when switch turned to min, the room was boiling and the window was broken so couldn't be opened. When asked if could be turned off the person at the front desk said there was nothing that could be done. Doors were not secure. Although shower was hot and towels provided were clean. Good location near oxford street. But would not stay again.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or45-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"This hotel enjoys great location. Yet, it needs lots of improvement and renovation. Everything is exhausted. The elevator, the furniture, the bathroom.   The intercontinental breakfast is the worse i have ever seen.   Only the heater was working very well.   Never again",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or45-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Smalll Quaint London Hotel,"We stayed at the Rose Court Hotel while sight seeing in London.  4 blocks from the Marble Arch Tube station.  Several restaurants are near by.  Just blocks from Oxyford Street shopping.  Room was very small but adequate. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was tiny, but did have a tub/shower.  It was difficult to regulate the temperature.  The temperature would go from warm to hot very quickly. Black mold in the sealant around the tub needed some attention.  Lift was small holding only two people.  Wifi was slow, only allowing access to Facebook.   Breakfast included cereal, croissants, rolls, OJ,  milk, tea, coffee and made to order scrambled eggs with toast and beans.  All in all a good value for the money, since we were only sleeping.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or50-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Great location, close to Marble Arch. Very clean rooms and great value for money (for new years eve period). The breakfast was very good for a continental level. Helpful staff! The only negative thing i could think about was that the hotel was listed as free cancellation and pay at venue but a charge was taken from bank account from the moment of booking confirmation.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or50-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother,"Don't bother with this hotel, although the staff are pleasant enough, I can't say the same for the rooms or food.   We were given a basement 'family room' One double bed shoved against the window , a single popped in the corner, a wardrobe that had seen better days and a small table with a kettle on all squashed into a room smaller than some student accommodation I've seen   The radiator was on full blast so I opened the window to let some fresh air in.  Bathroom door stuck and my son got stuck in the bathroom ( needless to say we didn't shut the door again), sink didn't drain but when it did it leaked over the floor so had to brush teeth using the bath tap instead!  Curtains had obviously been put up when walls were still wet with paint as they were covered in emulsion but that…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or50-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Location fantastic ,"I really don't know why there is so many negative reviews on this hotel, it's perfect for a one night stay with a great location. The beds are comfy , and our room was very spacious (room 100) and the staff are friendly.  However, could do with updating the decor and would benefit from double glazed windows as it was quite noisy at night.  Interesting fact that we learnt was that the property used to be owed by Winston Churchill grandma.  Just a 5 minute walk from Marble Arch.  Would stay here again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or50-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Big dissapointment,"Terrible experience . Old and dirty , no cupboard doors, torn and dirty curtains. My window could not close.  Dirty carpets. Internal telephone lines don't work. Can only eat breakfast from 8 in the morning , does not  work if you are in London work or any conference.  No fridge facilities. When you open your bathroom taps you compete with warm water with the apartment next to you, if showering at the same time.  Will not recommend this hotel, many more hotels in this area for same price, that will provide you with much better services.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or50-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have stayed in but serves  a purpose,"The vast majority of people using this hotel are going to the USA embassy for visa applications. As many people have stated the hotel is in a great location but is in need of a total revamp. But the owners probably dont care as it "" serves a purpose "" for clientele wanting somewhere close to the US embassy. The rooms are clean and ours didnt smell, but it was well pass its sell by date and worn out but The Wifi worked just fine and there was a modern TV on the wall. But the whole place is utterly tired and I had the most uncomfortables night sleep ever in a hotel on a very lumpy matress. I cant have any complaints about the breakfast, its just the overall appearence of the place, the sort of hotel used by councils to accomodate homeless familes. There are many other budget (…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or55-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs Wilkinson ,"I was very disappointed with our stay we paid a lot of money to stay here and it's the worst place I have ever stayed. There was no quilt on the one bed just a blanket, the wardrobe was falling to pieces, the window had no safety catches on, there was a bogey on the wall , there was a kettle but nothing else no cups or anything, shower tray was cracked & I wouldn't use the lift as it looked really old. The reception smelt of cigarettes and the receptionist didn't really speak very good English.  Nothing positive to say at all ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or55-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Average Hotel, Excellent Location!","- Liked: Location of hotel is superb as it falls right in the center to Oxford Street, Edgware Street & just opposite Marble Arche with smooth access to Hyde Park & Serpentine Lake giving one the leisure to have early morning walks daily. The hotel also has access to underground (marble arch, oxford circus ... etc) and stations (Marylebone) as well as just at the end of the road falls the Black Taxis arena so you can easily hop in one, a 10 mins by car to Paddington and access to all main attractions (walking distance) to covent gardens, leicester & trafalgar square, starnd street and many supermarts around as well as good places to eat at. This hotel is all about ""Location"" .. Room was timy but guess that is how London is yet on average was ok as it was used only to crash after…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or55-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and strategic location.,"I always stay here every time I come to London. Walking distance to the Marble Arch tube station, Hyde Park and Oxford Street.. I don't mind paying slightly expensive price than normal B&B for strategic location because I save for transportation £££... And for Muslims, lots halal restaurants behind the hotel. I love the environment in that area. About the room, not bad but maybe need some renovation.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or55-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","If you think it looks bad on pictures, just wait","So, I booked a last minute room for a couple of nights in London. Sure, it looked shabby on the pictures but hey... How bad can it be?  Turns out incredibly bad. Not only is everything in deplorable condition, the carpets are sticky so bring slippers or expect to contract all sorts of pestilence from the floors. The mattresses are thin enough to let the bed springs cut into your flesh, the doors are sheets of plywood with a latch on it. Service doesn't really exist, except for a lockbox in the lobby.   This is not a hotel, reclassify it as a downtrodden, old hostel and it feels more realistic.   The horror... The horror...",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or55-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly but not value for money,"The hotel is in a very very busy area. There are many people of Middle Eastern origin in the area which gives the area an exotic vibrant flavour. The local restaurants serve Middle Eastern food which is delicious. However, the area is really crowded, particularly at night and it is very noisy. The hotel itself is dated and looks really shabby. The rooms are below average with bathrooms that are tiny. The shower was really appalling and I was worried that it was all going to fall on my head. Regulating the water temperature was near impossible. There is no air conditioning, so hot hot hot. Breakfast is included but very basic. The stairs are steep and can be dangerous - just one slip.... The lift is tiny and claustrophobic. They give you a key which you have to check in and out…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or60-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and friendly,"Last June me and my family choose to stay at this hotel for our vacation. The hotel located near the main attraction in London (Oxford street, Marble Arch and Hyde Park). Only 5minutes walk from Marble Arch station. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was comfortable and equipped with wifi and cable tv.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or60-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not too shabby,"For a 3 star hotel, the place is amazing and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Plus, the hotel is close to Oxford street, Hyde park and many other attractions(probably about a five minute walk to Oxford street and Hyde park) . The room is small but it is kind of cute and cosy. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or60-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would NOT stay here ever again!,"So many cons to this hotel--No air conditioning, the room was dirty, the carpet made my feet dirty, had a day with no hot water, the bathroom was tiny, phone did not work, internet was weak and intermittent, the breakfast is some cereal or croissants with jam or butter, or you can ask for scrambled eggs--if you are late don't bother trying to get a table-not worth the wait. at night there are people driving little rickshaws/three wheel bikes that haul passengers and they blast music. the street is noisy and you have to keep your window open in the summer or it is too hot. The absolute most shameful thing that happened was that some staff (I assume cleaning) went through our luggage in our room and stole over $100 dollars. It was hidden so we know someone went through our…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or60-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good trip London,"Very, very good the place in London. My family was very well accommodated. We were in a location that interested us very near to Oxford Street where we wanted to shop and technological goods store, electronics and appliances Arcos. Part of the staff speaks Portuguese. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or60-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Just wow.,"If you hate cleanliness, touchable surfaces around the bathroom and the room, if you're not that much into warm water, or decent sized rooms, book now! Perfect for people who love sticky feel on their fingertips and appreciate a good ol' moldy bathtub! Absolutely superb city views available through torn, dusty, and, once upon a time white, curtains! Your foot will never slip on those well-gripping 1970s carpets -- in fact your shoes might come off of their own! And at £ 126 a night, it's a steal: you'll also get a definite feel of the Saw / Hostel film sets -- only grittier! Why wait!?",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or65-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad ,"I had two nights here in August 2016.  A couple of positives: very well located. Easy to find off the tube if you're new in London. Basic but comfortable. The staff are friendly and the single bed was comfy.   The negatives : continental breakfast is ok if you show up first on a quiet morning. It consists of croissants and tea:coffee on tap and cereal. If you come on a busy morning, it's not worth it to wait around for a table to get a cup of cold tea. Fried eggs and toast cost a grand total 2 pound so very inexpensive and filling if you're on the go.   I had hot water the morning of my arrival, but only cold that night which was a bit disappointing after being rained on in typical London weather. The phone in the room did not work so I could not buzz  reception to sort out…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or65-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Would defiantly stay again ,"While the deco may be dated in the hotel, the rooms were super clean and the beds were comfortable and fresh clean towels provided each day. The staff at the reception both morning (lady) and night (man) were extremely lovely to us and couldn't have been more helpful with directions and everything else! The hotel is so central to Oxford street. Marble arch tube station is right around the corner. If it's a clean hotel without the frills and a great location for shopping your looking for, this hotel is perfect, thank you for making our stay great ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or65-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Scalyback,"Bedding very clean as were towels.  The Hotel however is in serious need of a makeover, very tired!  The Staff were friendly but distant.  I have given the Hotel 2 stars but only just.  If your looking for somewhere to lay your head without the frills this will.  I shan't be staying here again",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or65-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Only Just,"This hotel is all about location, location; just off Oxford St., however it could do with a some tlc!  My room needed a lot of attention like a paint job, new carpet, new curtains and a new bathroom!  And some of the reception staff need a lesson in people skills, however the breakfast room staff were good.  I won't be in rush to stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or65-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",I can see why it's secret!,"So I booked this through Expedia secret hotels, and I can see why you wouldn't want to know where you were booking before you booked it!  Expedia stretch the area description by saying it includes kings cross / st Pancras - no it's not - it's a good 45 + minutes walk.   It's is pretty shabby, stains, scratches, frayed carpets.  I arrived at reception to both television and radio on different channels and a very untidy area behind the reception desk. Still it was a polite welcome.   On the positive side the bedding was crisp clean. The bathroom was clean too, but old and shabby. And the location although in a quiet area is just a short walk from The Marble Arch end of Oxford Street so the location is good if you want to in central London.   At over £100 / night it's not good…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or70-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","""Average"" would be kind","OK so it's not Gleneages, it's not even the Travelodge by the side of the motorway in Newport, but in terms of somewhere to lay the head for a night it does a job.  For someone who has stayed in hostels the world over I've stayed in worse, not much worse, but worse places. My problem being that I've never yet paid £150 for the pleasure of spending somewhere quite as unfortunate as this. The price per evening even by London standards is criminal!  The decor is dated, the furniture crumbling, the carpets crusty and the stains on the walls slightly questionable. Such a shame because the location of this hotel is fantastic, 100m from Oxford Street and the potential is there for this to be an outstanding place to stay.  The traffic noise was fortunately drowned out by the drone of…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or70-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T EVEN CONSIDER!,"We stayed here for several days. Upon check-in, the desk clerk was on a personal phone call, which continued for at least 10 mins before he gave us attention (while still on the phone). He also asked for full payment before we even saw the room. Our room, while small, which we expected, was quite shabby. The window locks were broken, and had been replaced by poor quality jerry-rigged locks. The door lock was poor as well. The shower door would not close, so the carpet outside the bathroom was continually wet (thus our socks were wet). The first morning, while on our way to the included breakfast, the foyer was being flooded from above by some fairly large leak. We were afraid the ceiling would collapse because of the obvious water marks that showed this wasn't the first time it…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or70-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Excellent location, very close to the Marble Arch underground and buses. You can walk to the centre of London and see some of the major attractions. Hotel facilities need renovation and breakfast is quite limited (but included in the price), but it’s a fair price for a few nights in London. Upper-storey room for 3 people was ok. Staff is very nice and helpful and the hotel is very clean. We were able to leave our bag in the hotel before check-in and after check-out. Wifi is free.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or70-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Rose Court Hotel is located very near Oxford Street and the marble arch tube station. It is a great hotel for both families and business when travelling on a budget. The rooms are spacious and clean. A strong wifi connection is offered in the rooms. The breakfast is fine. I have stayed in this hotel for the past 4 years when visiting London primarily because of its great location and stuff.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or70-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",just been there,Its so close to Oxford street which is great. Very clean room and comfy bed. The breakfast is just horrible! Worst i found! The hotel is in a quiet area.So very near to Hide Park too!Will recommend it all in all.Value for money reconsider its a two star hotel .,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or75-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is situated just minutes away from Oxford Street/Marble Arch and Hyde Park which is fantastic.The rooms are fine,the bathroom door didn't have a lock function and it wouldn't close completely.Some of the staff were friendly but some were quite cold.I wouldn't recommend paying for breakfast as it is quite bad.Just croissants,jam,cereals,cheese spread,orange juice,milk,coffee.You would be served with scrambled eggs,beans and toast as this is is part of the continental breakfast but I wouldn't recommend even that.On the last day of my trip I went to the nearby lovely Patisserie where I was served a much hearty breakfast.I would say this hotel is okay as long as you skip breakfast and it isn't so expensive and its in a good location.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or75-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not great - such a shame,"Stayed here for one night whilst at a works function. I booked last minute and so this was the only available place (within budget) near to where other colleagues were staying. It is in a fantastic location and sadly the plaudits stay there. Unfortunately it is just shabby and in dire need of a revamp. However, I think the owners are playing it clever here as they realise people will pay the budget prices just for the location. Breakfast was shocking, dry croissants, stewed tea and you pay extra for cooked breakfast which did not look appetising at all. I noticed that it was full of tourists and I am ashamed as a British citizen that this is what they must think British hospitality is like!! Thankfully, I spent minimal time in my room and was just a place to rest my head for the…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or75-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Poorly maintained but a perfect location,"The price is okay but I was expected to get more. The room and bathroom were poorly maintained but it was enough to just the head on something for the night. Moreover, the location is just perfect so it might be good enough for the price. It's a 40 minutes of walking to the Big Ben.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or75-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good but could be better,"Poor maintenance and the breakfast isn't good at all, but enough to start the day. It's very good located place to stay and just to to sleep.  Bed are very nice and comfortable. The room is small but clean. You will find TV, kettle, cups, tea and coffee.  This is a good choice for cheap staying. But if you're looking for luxury, you can go to other hotel",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or75-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location for central London overnight stay.,"Perfect location for a central London stay. Very cheap. Well located, walking distance for Oxford Street etc. NCP Marble Arch  car park next door must pre book on line though. Very friendly staff. Bathroom very clean and good size. Bedding and towels very clean, fresh and white. Quiet. Warm. Breakfast adequate continental in with the price or small charge for cooked. Wardrobe and desk in room. Tea/coffee/kettle I left a phone charger and they kindly sent it back to me! This is not a modern hotel so would not suit everyone. For an inexpensive overnight stay in London it's ideal. I would definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or80-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disapointing,"Rundown poorly maintained, shower did not work in our room, breakfast was very disapointing. location of the Hotel is very good, nice and close to the Marble Arch Tube Station. Staff were helpfull and pleasent to deal with.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or80-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for the price,"This hotel is in a great location, right by Marble Arch so ideal for tube access and, shopping on Oxford street and even Hyde Park for a stroll. Considering all this, i was surprised that it was so reasonably priced. I was in London with family to see a show, so was only staying one night. The hotel is undergoing renovation, so the family room that I stayed in was a little tired, but it was clean and had all the facilities that we needed for a night. A basic breakfast is included, but get there early as the breakfast room is small so you will end up waiting for a table, as the staff did not seem eager to clear them. ou can have a full english for en extra £4, portions are small but it was well cooked.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or80-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight business,"I paid £30 to stay here. Which, in london, is really low cost! I stayed because I finished work in the west end at 10pm and had to work at 8am next day. I actually live in London! Zone 5! It was cheaper than 2 trains and 2 taxis! For this I got a lovely comfy bed, quiet clean hotel and a W1 POSTCODE! not to mention 4 extra hours sleep a bath and free juice cereal toast croissant beans and scrambled eggs. It's got heating, freeview flat screen, free wifi, tea coffee and hairdryer. Tourists I'm serious if you can't see how ridiculously amazing this is for the money...probably you will not get far in london. I'd move in its cheaper than an apartment in zone 5!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or80-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"Booked an overnight stay here through late rooms. £36 total for bed and breakfast. Considering its location Marble Arch, and less than 5 mins walk from Oxford Street this was amazingly good value. The room was warm, clean and had everything required. The staff were helpful, the breakfast was more than adequate and the whole place was well looked after. It's not a high end establishment and the price reflects this. I would stay here again. For an overnight stay in central London I doubt you could get anything near the price we paid. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or80-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for its location,"Location:  This hotel is just a few minutes walk from Marble Arch Station (right at the end of Oxford Street) up along Great Cumberland Place. it is a great central location to explore London. This Hotel is within walking distance of a number of London's attractions including Hyde park, Oxford Street, the west end. With excellent bus and tube services to everything else London has to offer on its doorstep.   The hotel:  I have stayed in numerous hotels in London priced at this range. this hotel is by far the best of these I have come across. On arrival I noticed that the lobby is small and perhaps and outdated with big brown leather couches. I arrived early (too early for check-in) I was given a warm welcome by the guy behind reception who offered to hold my luggage until check…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or85-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, but hotel very shabby and run down","Stayed here recently, lovely staff, friendly and welcoming. Hotel however, is pretty dire, gaps in the bedroom window which made it very noisy as its on a busy road, plug sockets loose on the wall so nervous to use them, broken shower head, everything in the room very old and pretty worn out.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or85-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"- Very small room - lots of draught through the closed windows - bathroom totally terrible - Everything old, used, worn out - pictures on webpage must be 20 years old - breakfast very simple and far way from tasty or sufficient",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or85-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Really Central,"Stayed 4 nights in a twin share room which initially we were a bit concerned about due to the dated interior and very old fittings. However once past that it was a great cheap place to stay staff were more than willing to help. Breakfast was simple but plenty, you could order full cooked breakfast for additional cost if preferred. Our room was clean and spacious hot water with good pressure and central heating which was good we could wash out clothing and knew it would dry. Great place for anyone who wants cheap clean central hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or85-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A poor choice by me,Booked a room via lastminute.com to stay over after a work event.  The room was v small.  The heater on full so I had to leave the window wide open.  The bed was lumpy and the shower not v powerful.  My room was poorly signposted and I had to go through a door with a missing window.  Would have preferred to pay a bit more and stay somewhere more comfortable.,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or85-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrible experience,"No one could rate this hotel good unless they have a vested interest. I bookedb2 nights and checked out after the first there was no customer service tobconsider moving rooms, didnt refund the second night. Basically this is as crap as it gets, damp horrible room, ibdidnt even complain but still management was completely uncaring. Im not that fussy but please avoid this hell hole it is so awful with absolutely corrupt management. Ir you pay on arrival and then they dont give a ....i dont beleive any good ratings having now stayed there im now on train home rather than stopping a second night even though ive paid for it.  Disgusting, damp, prison like horrible place i would prefer a box outside. Thats probably the nearest competitor.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or90-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not my idea of roughing it,"Having stayed in hundreds of hotels in over 40 countries, this was the worst.  I had a single room outside which was a mouse deterrant!  Inside the window was so dirty it was difficult to see out and the shabby curtain hardly moved.  There was a kettle but no tea or biscuits.  The sitting area, by the reception desk consisted of 2 or 3 leather couches.  Previously my idea of 'roughing it' had been to go to an old Holiday Inn with black and white TV.  I've found a new low!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or90-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny difficult to access room.,"Allocated a tiny  fourth floor room and surprised to find the elevator only went to the third floor. Bags had to be carried up a tiny staircase. Paint flaking off walls, dirty bathroom and powerpoints and light fittings hanging out of walls.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or90-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever used,"Tiny room, rickety furniture, carpet from the 60s, mouldy tiles in bathroom with a broken shower head. Felt dirty and unsafe considering the questionable clientele. Neighbour had TV on til 3am and shouting and banging on doors was obviously not great for sleeping. Didn't stay for breakfast, just rushed to leave ASAP. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or90-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location and cheap stay!,Me and my two friends stayed here on Saturday 29th August and have to say we were very happy with the service and the hotel itself. We paid ~£40 each for the night and considering we were in the prime location of Marble Arch (right next to Hyde Park and Oxford St) we were satisfied with this price! The building is quite old but we liked that- especially the spiral staircase. If you are out and about all day and just sleeping here then I would recommend. Room was very clean with clean towels and the shower was powerful! Free breakfast in the morning was good quality with pastries and you could also order scrambled eggs with beans on toast for no extra cost. We were also allowed to check in earlier than 2.30pm which was handy as didn't have to carry bags around all day. Tea making…,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or90-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Haunted ,Do not stay at this hotel I was up all night as i kept hearing strange noises coming from the doors and the bathroom. I sware there is something lurking in the small dingy corridors of this place! Nice beans tho  ,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or95-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty,"We Were staying for 3 nights, and i would never recomend the place ever. Smiley Staff, but they smoke inside, the brekfast is so poorly, roms avfall and dirty. Puke and dirt on the walls,  i wouldn't think of what's in the carpets. Ok space,  and sentral place, thats it. And the price is hevily overpriced lokking at the standard. ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or95-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Must be the worst hotel ild been too,"we were staying the night in london and needed somewhere at least comfortable and decent to sleep for the night. i didn't have my phone so i called last minute.com for a good hotel in the west end because of accessibility to all the places i needed to be. so i called and booked 2 rooms and the thing is it wasn't cheap it was 150 a night dp we paid 300 for 2 rooms. the hotel smelt of indian curry, the lift was so dodgy, the hotel was so dirty they didn't even put a white linen as beddings it had to be red, there were moulds all over, the ceiling had become damp from water log. and to top it up after a few minutes there and obviously because i had the kids with me we had to move hotels down the road to THE CUMBERLAND"". we then told the indian dude at the reception that we were…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or95-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Survival shelter In the very center of London,"Located surprisingly well, three minutes walk to the place where the famous Oxford street begins, this hotel may have been nice in a passed era, if ever. The building interiors could actually be nice due to some generous interior staircase, but the ""decorator"" was so cheap that spoiled this possible advantage. In the lobby you can see the safe boxes, apparently not usable because they are always obstructed by luggages. And they are not free. My room was, luckily, big. A triple room by London standards, which is almost a normal sized single room in the rest of the universe. But the furniture and the blankets and the carpet and the walls were so worn-out and stained that you hardly wanted to be in contact with anything. At some point I could realize that the sheets are actually…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or95-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"Location fantastic . BUT - hotel drab, old and needing a good clean and paint . Small, dingy bathroom, bedroom furniture cheap and rickety, blankets and quilt smelt musty  though sheets and towels clean.  Curtains torn and worn.  Paintwork and decor in need of serious clean or repaint.  Staff smoking despite notices. TV didn't work.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or95-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location - but poor standard","Great location for shopping in London, within easy walking distance of Oxford Street and Regent Street. The hotel itself, however, is of poor standard. Our room (106) desperately needed to be refurbished, beds were very hard and uncomfortable, bathroom was disgusting with mold and stains, breakfast was a joke - with very limited choice, stale bread and the worst scrambled eggs one can imagine. Next time we will spend a little more money and stay at a proper hotel instead.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or100-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Way overpriced for one step above a hostel,"This hotel must have been nice at one time. Not any more. Furnishings must not have been updated in decades. The beds were awful. We slept only because we were quite tired. Our room on the first floor was noisy, of course, due to traffic on the street. Bathroom was fairly large. The tub/shower was set quite high from the floor. No counter space. Towels thin and scratchy. Water temperature and pressure were good. One disposable cup sat in the toothbrush holder. Room wasn't available until 2 pm check in time, which we expected. But we had to just leave our luggage in the small front lobby. Anyone could have easily selected our luggage instead of their own, Breakfast included in the price was fine. Eggs were scrambled fresh for each person.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or100-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation for Wireless Festival. ,"I came here as a group of 4 males while we were at Wireless Festival at Finsbury Park, location wise is perfect as it is a 1 minute walk to the nearest Underground station which links you in with everything. Breakfast was ok, some croissants and other breads with some cereal choices, however no choices of meats/cheeses. The £4 for continental breakfast was included in the price we paid and did come with scrambled eggs and beans. (My suggestion would be to ask for a second portion as the small plate you get barely touches the sides) The rooms themselves were average as was expected 4 single beds crammed into a average sized room, with a bathroom with bath and shower combined. Not much road noise, we did have all windows open as the fan in the room didn't really do anything. The…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or100-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Should have no stars,"Stayed 3 years ago and it was fair. Gone way down hill. So bad we tried to find alternative accomodation. Bed covers, old,faded and badly stained. Used these and blankets to cover carpet so we did not need to walk on it. No temperature control apart for fan that creaked all night. Main light in bathroom did not work. This saved you seeing engrained dirt between floor and bathtub. No one showered there. Cleaners left bags of trash in hallway overnight. Breakfast was edible and served in hotels cleanest and most modern room. Glad it was a 1 night stay",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or100-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Still going after 40+ years,I stayed here with my parents in 1969 and 1970-back in the good old days. Very personable and a great location. I remember the front desk lady was Mrs McGillicuddy. English breakfast with grilled tomato.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or100-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great central location poor wifi,"Stayed for 4 nights. Located near Marble Arch Underground Station, Oxford Street and Edgware Road. Property is a bit dated and the room we stayed is a bit small. Breakfast ok but wifi is terrible. Price is expensive but compensated by its central location. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or105-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",One night with our three grand children.,Very dated and in need of decoration. Over priced for what we paid. Not a nice experience for our grand children!!!!! Only good thing about it was its location. The whole hotel needed up dating and renovation as it was extremely run down. I would give it no stars if that was possible.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or105-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for 3 lads,"We stayed for 1 night and found the room to be exactly what we needed. It was clean and tidy, no luxuries but just what we required for 1 night in London. Great value for money especially given the location right by Park Lane and Marble Arch",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or105-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rose court hotel london,"Only for people who do t mind staying in a very simple hotel in a very simple-not recently renovated room! Besides that the location is perfect, 3 minutes walk from marble arch tube station, breakfast is simple but good.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or105-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very Central Location.,"I was in London for an evening work do and wanted a bed for the night in a Central west End location, without paying top dollar. This hotel is certainly well located being just North of Oxford Street, very close to Marble Arch. But that is about it. The bedroom was clean, but very dated, but exactly what I was expecting for the money paid.   Good value, great location, but don't expect any frills.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or105-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very useful hotel,"Rose court Marble Arch hotel has a very good location, near Oxford street.The staff is very kind & helpful. Small rooms & clean. Internet wifi is available & very good. The rates are reasonable and this is also good. I advise each person to stay in this hotel especially if this person is planing to be in the heart of London & for business trip. It s not my first stay in this hotel & I will come back again :) ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or110-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rose Court Hotel Review,"The Rose Court Hotel is a very nice hotel, in central London just a few steps from Oxford street. It is very clean, people there are very helpful and professional, they have a good heating system, good wifi, and good breakfast that makes you feel like at home.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or110-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A Wonderful Hotel,"I have stayed at this hotel many times (3 times over the last 18 months) and always with my 70+ mother. I can't praise the staff enough, always a smile and a very personal touch . Always fast and reliable service. Great location, few min walk from Marble Arch. We will be back again for sure and looking forward to stay at our favorite Hotel once again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or110-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money.,"Everyone giving this hotel bad reviews are clearly expecting to much from a 3 star hotel. I stayed here back in December for one night just for some Christmas shopping and returned again February to spend two nights in London. It's a fair priced hotel with breakfast included, the rooms are a little dated but out of the two rooms I've stayed in both bathrooms have been refurbished and we have never experienced any problems apart from the usual hearing people in the morning but that's only because we like to sleep in. This is a perfect hotel for a cheap weekend away in London, especially if your not looking for too much.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or110-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Indescribable!!!!,Checked in on 19/01/15. Warning bells were set off on entering the lobby with numerous amounts of baggage stacked up in various areas. Checked in having been required to pay first. Were shown to our room which required travelling in a two person lift. If you had a reasonable amount of luggage it would probably require a couple of trips. The entry door to the accommodation had sustained some damage in the past as it appeared that some had tried to force the lock. The lock being and old style Yale type. On entering the room it was noted that there no toilet/shower facilities and that there was barely enough room to walk around the beds. The beds appeared to have minimal bedding and on initial appearances seemed to be not much more than boxes of some sort. The overall decor of the…,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or110-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, awful and yes, awful","Ok, we only wanted an overnight stay in Mayfair, but good golly, this was not a pleasant experience. As soon as we entered the reception, the alarm bells were breaking my skull in half. A somewhat disinterested chap booked us in (and I have to say, if I were working here, I'd have a similar outlook). Our room was top floor, the lift only went part way. A maze of narrow smelly corridors and stairs eventually led us to our room. A twin room, grubby at best and the bathroom was a jaw dropper. I ran the shower immediately, as I fully expected it to not work. After fully 5 mins, the hot water reached the shower head, little more than a trickle. I guess the best way to sum up the room was that you deliberately kept your socks on as you did not wish to expose your skin to the carpet.…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or115-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but everything else was terrible.,"Checked in on 28/12/14 with two other family members. The location was great, extremely close to Marble Arch and other attractions in London. The exterior of the hotel seemed classic and elegant, yet the interior was terrible. The reception was poorly lit and the lift was very crammed. We were allocated the top floor and after hauling our luggage into the room, we set off to explore London, without exploring the room first.  Terrible mistake though, as we found out when we returned to our hotel at night. Firstly, the wall in between the rooms was very thin, as a result any noise made can be heard next door. We heard loud banging coming from next door and the supposedly heated argument going on. Secondly, the beds were terrible. I felt the spring underneath the bed while lying on…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or115-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre trip,We stayed at Rose Court for a theatre break. Its location is perfect right next to Marble Arch on Oxford street. There is an Ncp car park virtually next door but remember to pre book your space here on line. After reading the reviews we weren't expecting a lot but it was really good value for money. We were met on reception with a polite welcome and they were very happy to store our luggage as we were early and give us directions to the theatre. Our room had 3 single beds and plenty of room for one night. The bathroom was clean and everything worked. The breakfast was continental with option of eggs beans and toast included in the price. Yes the room could have done with a lick of paint but it was clean and comfortable. If you want a high class hotel book somewhere more…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or115-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"The condition of the rooms is terrible, especially the showers Some of the staff are really bizarre  Wi-Fi does not work properly even though it's one of the things the hotel is committed to provide according to the information on its Website  Great location but it's not worth it at all   I will not come back there in a million years",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or115-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,It's going back in time I expected a lot more given the location haven't even got a proper shower lovely brown bathroom suit NOT my review has to have 200 characters so very bad breakfast a joke decor a joke sleeping reception so any one can walk which I did ,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or115-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is in a fantastic spot if your shopping in Oxford St, just a five minute walk from Marble Arch. Me and my son stayed for one night as we were only in London to Christmas shop. Yes, its in need of decorating, but for one night it was fine. The room was small with a small bathroom, but it was clean, warm and quite comfortable, there was tea and coffee and an LCD television. The breakfast was continental which was fine for me, my son had a full english breakfast for only £4, which he said was delicious. The hotel lift should be in a museum, but we found it quite endearing, we especially liked the doorbell in case of alarm. Overall dont knock this hotel, its fine for one night, at the end of the day your paying for its location which was fab.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or120-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Cold, dark and shabby","This hotel is in a prime location for visiting London. The staff are generally helpful and helpful. Unfortunately this is marred by poor quality rooms and breakfast. The room was dark with very poor lighting, so much so that my wife had difficulty applying make-up. The room was cold. The bathroom is in need of refurbishment, the quality of finish is very dated and in poor condition, the shower worked but with only a weak lukewarm flow of water. The bedding is of a poor quality. When requesting a room I indicated, in the section of the booking form provided, that I am vegetarian and gluten intolerant. The breakfast did provide for a vegetarian option with raisins and cereal, however being gluten intolerant all I could eat were raisins, scrambled eggs and baked beans, accompanied…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or120-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting hotel,"we have stayed in very many hotels in the world and loads in london but this hotel was DESPICABLE!!!!we arrived late having booked weeks before en route to barcelona,the room was DIRTY TINY and stuffy!the bathroom too tiny and filthy,there was no glasses and no drinking water so had to drink disgusting tap water out of tooth plastic tumblers couldn't wait to get out of there!!!!!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or120-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Tatty dirty curtains and uncared for.,"We had 4 rooms all with clean sheets and towels. However the decor is very tired, the roof leaked onto one of our beds and the curtains were filthy. On reporting it this morning it was obvious they didnt care about the leak. In fact customer service was not at ecommendable standard in any hotel. I would never stay there again . Overall scruffy.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or120-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Small, Neat and Good Location",Its next to the London Olympia and also Hilton Hotel. Bus Transport almost on door step. About a 15 min walk to High Street Kensington tube station. Rooms are small unless you get double or triple. Clean and nice location. Room I had was too small for long stay but suppose thats London.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or120-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good service and location but in major need of repair/refurb,"I stayed here to attend a work event in Mayfair so booked this because, unsurprisingly, it was the only hotel within walking distance that fell within the allowance my company gives for hotel trips. When I arrived, the staff were very helpful and friendly but the room I had been given was tiny with a fairly low ceiling (anyone above 6'2"" would struggle). There was only just enough room to walk through the door without smacking my face on the wardrobe. The bathroom was also very small, and people above a certain build would have struggled with the shower. The curtain on the tiny window was barely hanging on to it's rail and I had to permanently have the light on because it was so dark in the room even during daytime. It was very warm with no air conditioning and everything looked…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or125-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"We are a young couple currently travelling around the UK we stayed here 3 nights and so far this hotel has been the worst, not only is the hotel very outdated and dirty it isn't level our room slanted to one side, the room itself was very hot all the time and the water in the shower didn't work it was either freezing or it burnt you. To add to all of this the breakfast was poor and every morning we went to the dining room we were made to wait despite there being a table available but insufficient chairs.It's probably best to stay away from this hotel. It was an unpleasant experience. ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or125-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Cheapest hotel I could find near Marble Arch and it showed. The room was pretty small but luckily I hadn't brought my cat to swing around. Walls and fixtures were tired and worn. The bed felt like a plasticky hospital bed and the noise from the traffic outside made it difficult to sleep. The bathroom was quite cramped and on the positive side it did have a bath, on the negative the drains stank and I had to keep the door shut. If you can put up with the above fora cheap price I'd still recommend it as the staff were polite and helpful and you're only 2 mins walk from Oxford Street.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or125-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A picture tells a different story,"Looking at the photos this hotel looks like a quaint place to stay. Pictures are deceiving! This hotel was in quite a good spot, but the hotel itself is run down, full of second hand furniture well past its prime. When I questioned the attendant as to the validity of the 3 star rating he sheepishly admitted it was not, but tried to mollify me with the assurance we had the best room. If this was the best, then the worst must have been a nightmare!!! This place barely scrapes a 1 and half star rating, and then only because of its position. Stay away!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or125-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly situated,"We booked a family room, and ended up in the basement! If we had been anywhere else in UK, we would have paid about 30 pounds for the room, not the classiest place, the beds were comfy though, and that's the main thing. The Hotel is in a perfect spot just near Marble Arch, not far to walk through the parks to Buckingham Palace etc The staff were helpful, the rooms could do with some $$$$ being spent on them.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or125-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rose Court was no bed of Roses,Night desk clerk was asleep.  When we woke him up he was rude.  Wouldn't get up to get us an early breakfast  at 7am as he said he would the night before.  No water pressure.  Shower actually stopped in middle of shower.  Stained comforter.  Broken glass in shower.  Only good thing about this place was the location.  Far too  expensive for what you get.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or130-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Not great, but clean and comfortable","Cheap and cheerful, rooms are tired but clean and comfy, tv, tea and coffee, hot water and extra pillows and blankets all provided. But a good location, very helpful and friendly staff, and you can leave luggage there too. The breakfast is pretty standard, but the pastries were dry, starts at 8am, and you have to pay extra for cooked, but there is a great patisserie just up the road, which is recommended. Beware if you have a room facing the street- no double glazing means that it is noisy, especially late at night when the bicycle taxis go round and round with their music blaring!Good for a few nights for sightseeing.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or130-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",2 star gem! ,"The hotel is located in central location, minutes away from Oxford st, Marble Arch and the beautiful Hyde Park.  The staff at the hotel are very friendly and extremely helpful. The reception is available 24/7 and there is always someone there to answer to your questions. The rooms are reasonable, quite small but the beds are clean and comfortable.  Would definitely stay here again!   ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or130-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"If you don't want luxury hotel, but value more location, this hotel is great option for you. Old, but still in quite good condition this hotel is situated just few steps away from Marbel Arch. Staff was very welcoming and helpfull. Familyroom was quite big and bathroom was clean. Onlything that bothered was that air condition was only in one bedroom, so we had to sleep windows open and the hotel  is  situated on a quite busy street, so time to time the traffic bothered at nights. Breakfast was quite good. I didn't expect that much after reading comments about it, but I was suprised: coffee, tea, croissants, toast, scrambled eggs, cerial, different marmelades and orange juice.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or130-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"When in London I want a room close to everything, it doesn't have to be fancy, but it has to be clean, Rose Court is clean, the rooms are small the hotel old, the lift is a experience, the staff are pleasant. Breakfast is also nothing fancy but it starts the day. This hotel is cheap, if you want grand pay more, go elsewhere. For me the convenience of being close by to so many good tourist spots out ways any thing else. My last three visits to London I have stayed at Rose Court, I would certainly book I again .",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or130-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Old hotel at a good location.,"Me and my family, four of us stayed here for 3 days. I was disappointed at first to see the room because with the price, i was expecting something fancier. It must be a bit on the pricier side because of the location and it was peak of summer vacation! We got the basement room, with 1 king bed and 2 single bed. We're happy that the room is big. It is a really basic room with electric pot, cups, coffee, tea, hair dryer, wifi, lcd tv, and shower foam / shampoo. Though the furniture was old, the room is clean enough for me.  The lift, we were looking for it at first, not something you will notice right away. Looks like a regular door and it's small. Exactly 2 adult can fit in and no more. Might be the original lift they had since 18**'s maybe. The staff was really helpful. The…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or135-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"Although the welcoming staff were very polite and friendly- this was the only redeeming factor of our stay.  The room was directly next to the kitchen and I was kept awake until 1am in the morning by the staff shouting and even hoovering in the room above. This then began again at 6am. 5 hours sleep before a meeting is not something I was planning on.  In addition, the bed sheets had staining, and the overthrow has melted chocolate stuck to it. The hairdryer didn't work in it's allocated socket, wired up through the desk. I wouldn't feel comfortable recommending this hotel to anyone- especially at the price we paid for our stay.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or135-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"This hotel is a 2 star hotel and that is what you get. It was booked through an agent back in Australia, so had not done our usual checks, we were led to believe it was a 3 star so got a bit of a shock on arrival. Our room was clean but shabby and very small, wifi worked which was good. We spent very little time in the room, out every day sightseeing so it worked for us. We would not stay there again because it just is not comfortable or inviting.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or135-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn't stay here again,"I will say this, this hotel is in a fabulous location! Walking distance to hyde Park, Buckingham Palace etc etc................ BUT!!!!! OMGosh before you even get to the room you have to go up the lift which i agree with another persons review was more like the size of a dumb waiter! the 2 of us could not fit in with the tow bags so i took the stairs, and after we never took the lift, I didn't want to die before i had experienced the rest of our holiday lol. The we opened the door to our room.......the room was as tiny!!!! my kitchen back home is bigger! You could not swing a cat in it. It was old every thing run down and dirty looking. The bathroom  you could hardly turn around in and was out dated and falling apart. Over all - Don't do it look for something else",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or135-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great for an overnight,"Myself and 2 friends stayed here overnight. We had a triple room down in the basement, which was adequate for our needs. Great location and very good value for London, the price included breakfast which consisted of cereal, juice and toast plus scrambled egg, if you wanted it. Our room was a bit tired-looking but absolutely fine for an overnight.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or135-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good location stops there,"As the title states this hotel is located in a great spot end of story. This room was booked through a travel agent back in Australia. The pictures on the website do not look like the room we stayed in at all. If you read our other reviews we are generally pleased with what we book but not with this hotel. The staff were friendly enough and the reception area had the old world charm but as you pass through the doors to the remainder of the hotel the decor rapidly drops. Retro or shabby chic may have been the look they were going for but they achieved dirty and run down. Gaps in the window allowed in the draft and rain, the heating was nonexistant though I was offered an electric bar heater which could not have been placed in an area that could be deemed as safe or passing any…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or140-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Character and Value for Money","My wife and I stayed here for 7 nights.   The location was perfect for us. It is located on the North Side of Hyde Park. We could walk to a lot of the main attractions we wanted to see. It is a three minute walk to Oxford Street and Hyde Park and even places like Harrods, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace are within walking distance if you have the time.   The room we stayed in was on the second floor which was not an issue for us but if it had been, there was an elevator at our disposal. Not being a ""new age"" building, it of course was not perfect, but that just added to the character of this hotel and with free Wifi and a TV, it had more than enough to keep us entertained while we weren't exploring what London has to offer.   With friendly staff and being great value for money, I…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or140-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",my second business trip,"this was my second stay in Rose Court Hotel, I guess I will always choose this amazing hotel whenever I visit London. It's really best value for money. It's central location serves you best in reaching all places. Marble Arche underground station is round the corner, 3 minutes walk. Same for buses too. The hotel staff is very friendly, they are there for you 24/7. The hotel is very clean and the rooms are spacious compared to other hotels which I used in London, even those which were more expensive. The wifi is free & is excellent in all hotel & all rooms too. Great breakfast with welcoming smiling staff to serve it. I recommended it for my Boss & his family and his wife actually thanked me for it. I will always recommend it to all my friends. Special thanks to Jale, the…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or140-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Sent 10 nights in Rose Court, just travelled back from Edinburgh, the first night alone until met back up with partner, the mattress felt look it had been in the hotel since it opened, my partner spoke with the managers, they thanked her for telling them, and replaced the mattress straight away, always helpful staff, the personal light in the building at first was daunting we were on the 3rd floor facing the street, the road was was barely noticeable. The room needed a set of draws to place clothes in. It had a wardrobe with two draws in the bottom, not enough space. The shower was temperamental had to keep it at a constant temp. The bath wad great it was deep, and help you to relax after a day of pounding those old hard pavements. Put aside those couple of little errors I would…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or140-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not exactly a 3* hotel,"It was ok for one night as a single but I was expecting more for a 3* hotel.  The room was ok but the rest of hotel was more a 2* with an extremely small elevator that goes only to 3rd floor and then you need to take it by foot to the 4th floor.  The Continental Breakfast was extremely poor in term of choice.  On positive aspect is location.  It is perfectly located 5 min walk to the longest shopping street in Europe and very close to Hyde Park and subway station.  Overall given the location and price/night and considering that you are in London, one of the most expensive if not the most expensive city in the world, I would say that it worth the money.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or140-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",business trip,"this hotel is great. very friendly, cooperative staff. great location, 3 minutes walk to oxford street, edgware road & underground station. wifi is excellent in rooms & all hotel area. rooms are clean, rather small but that's how it is in all London hotels. great value for money. i would definitely use it every time I attend LBF. I will also recommend to all my friends.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or145-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs !,"We arrived late in the evening for 3 nights stay booked through an agent and had checked out by 8am the next morning , the place should be demolished ! It's only good point is the location which is a couple of blocks from Hyde Park and Oxford street ,also the staff were pleasant under the circumstances ,but offered no refund nor enquired as to why we had decided to leave!  ( I guess they are used to it )!",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or145-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",shocking,"What a depressing, dirty, shabby, fire risk excuse of an hotel. Shame on you for still calling yourself one - homeless shelter would be more appropriate. I have been in larger MRI scanners than what you advertised as a single room. Mis mtatched furniture, leaning wardrobes, electric cables festooned like Christmas decorations. Net curtains that haven't seen a washing machine since Miami Vice last aired. Went out for breakfast rather than face more horrors. Oh and a dog blanket on my bed - lovely touch. Absolutely appalling - ranks alongside The Brittannia, Manchester airport as the worst hotel I have stayed in recently. This is not by choice but the limits of what I am able to claim through work. Bugger the location, avoid, avoid, avoid!",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or145-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant stay,"Spent a lovely weekend in early December 2013.  The room was basic, comfortable, warm and clean.  Check in was efficient and very friendly.  The staff were helpful and unobtrusive. I intend to return again.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or145-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for the price,"I stayed here 3 days. The room size was adequate, but what really would have been helpful is if they had one of those little fold out stands to put your suit case on. Everything was very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful.  The bathroom is small, but not cramped.  I read a review where someone complained about the hot water. The only problem I found is you have to run it a while before you get hot water, but once you get it, it's very hot and there's plenty of it.  I heard someone who was checking in say they wanted a room with good wifi reception because the room they had last time didn't have it.  I found the reception in my room wasn't very good. It was one bar and I'd lose it every once in a while, but there are a couple of internet cafes between the hotel and Paddington…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or145-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, but location makes it great!","Dirty, noisy, small, the breakfast was terrible, the reseptionist wasn't very helpfull, BUT the location makes it worth it! 7min walk to Primark Oxford Street, 18min walk to Madame Tussauds, just super location!       ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or150-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money - great location,"Spent 5 nights here on a trip with friends. Keep in mind that this is a budget 2-star hotel and adjust your expectations to this, and you will be satisfied. I loved it. It´s clean, rooms are cleaned every day and staff is friendly. The location is almost unbeatable, close to Marble Arch tube station, buses that go practically everywhere and all kind of shopping (Primark is really close). Beds were comfortable, two pillows each, small and large towels.  A bit on the cold side, espescially as I am not used to just blankets in bed. Bring sleepwear if you get cold easily. We turned up the heat, and let the curtains down all day to keep the cold from getting in. A bit windy from the windows! Also the noise from the streets is quite loud from early morning.    Breakfast is just ok, as…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or150-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great location and staff, small outdated rooms","I was in central London for a conference and some business meetings for a week and staid at the Rose Court Hotel.   Positive things: the staff was incredibly helpful, welcoming and friendly, my room was cleaned up very well every day, the location is fantastic.  Some negatives: no proper lock on the door (though CCTV through all hallways, but still felt quite unsafe), very outdated decor and bad upkeep, the breakfast was not very good, stale pastries and the coffee was not very tasty.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or150-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, central London, affordable accomodation","I always stay at Rose Court hotel when I go to London for business or shopping. Sometimes my husband goes with as this resent visit was the case. We are both very happy to stay there. It is an old establishment, but very comfortable, clean, affordable ( compared to other hotel accommodation in central London ) and very friendly staff. They are most accommodating and very helpful. I can really recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or150-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A little gem in the centre of London!,"We stayed here Friday night it is a lovely hotel for the price we paid, round the corner from marble arch tube station.   Nice rooms, nice staff, nice breakfast :-)  Staff are very friendly and able to assist u which makes a nice change, good base with a hair dryer, tea and coffe facilities in room. Just ask at reception for iron And ironing board .   We will be staying again   Mr & mrs Lacey",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or150-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A surprise - Rose Court Hotel,"Arranged by a travel agent, an expensive way to go, with the price I paid, I was expecting a four star hotel. It turned out to be 2 star. Some rooms were small and others were not. It pays to specify what you require at the time of booking otherwise you may end up with something  not to your liking. Direct online booking is better and less expensive. The location is great and so is the hotel. It is maintained at a similar level to many 5 star hotels, and the breakfast is very good with efficient service. Reception staff are very good.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or155-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Minutes from Hyde Park,I would only stay here if I needed to be in the area.  Our group found the rooms to be quite small for the price.  The staff was very helpful but this facility needs some serious renovation.  There are much better hotels within minutes of this place.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or155-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Location could not be better!,I traveled with my mother-in-law and her niece and we wanted to go shopping to Oxford Street. This hotel is just 2 minute walk from Marble Arc (the beginning of Oxford street) and really close to Primark which meant we could just stop by the hotel to leave our bags and continue shopping. There was also a train station opposite Primark which meant we could travel anywhere in London quite quick!,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or155-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",We had a gret time,Is a  very Nice hotel and the  team recepcion is really very good specialy the ladys Angal and  Jale the localizacion is near by all the tourist attraction. You can enjoy your self and just relax to have fun in London.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or155-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Hostel,"This hotel has a brilliant location the staff are very friendly and helpful but the hotel is tired, dated and depressing. I expected more for the price but you are clearly paying for location. I did not enjoy the breakfast either and was desperate not to spend any more time than I needed to In this hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or155-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not on your worst enemy!!!!,"We booked this hotel even though we saw it was getting some negative comments. Well, here are some more - this place can only be described as a pit and a firetrap. After one night we switched Hotels even though that meant paying for both rooms. When we checked out early and  said our plans had changed they didn't seem to care in the least.      Here are some of the lowlights - the room was postage stamp sized with a queen bed and no room for movement. There is no air conditioning but they do provide a ceiling fan that circulates the air that you do have. The bathroom is a joke although they do get points for plenty of warm water coming from their 1930's plumbing. They do offer fresh cooked by order scrambled eggs which is unusual but the only other food were two cereals and one…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or160-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, friendly reception staff and amazing price","Booked online for this hotel and got a right bargain. Upon arrival I was greeted by a cheerful receptionist who checked me in promptly and showed me to my room.  The room itself was well presented, if a little dated (but in a way this just added to the charm of the place) and very clean and tidy. It also had the best water pressure I've ever had from a shower.  So lets face it - we all know it's not the ritz but for its fantastic location it's really quite a good hotel.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or160-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and value for money,"Walking distance to buses ,trains and even Harrods.Continental breakfast included with hot breakfast an extra £2. Tiny room but clean with helpful staff.Free Wifi ok but drops out at times.For the $170 rate it was good value for our 4 nights as across the street it was $480. If you want a bed for a few nights and you are not a big person ,it is good value",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or160-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, not bad hotel","I had a single room. I chose this hotel without any serious searching, mainly because of its location, very close to Paddington station. The room was tiny, first thought was that a prison cell should be that size (sorry, but that was my first thought). One bed, I guess not suitable if you are tall, a TV over the bed. A small but clean WC with shower and a small place at the size of the bed to move around in the room. You have nowhere to put your laggage except of the floor in front of the bed. The air in the room could not be refreshed because the window was sealed closed. I guess this was because it was the ground floor. If you want to have fresh air there is no way. A small shelf integrated with heater/tea/coffee.  Positives: The room and WC were very clean and seemed new. The…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or160-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay....HIGHLY RECOMMENDED....,"I stayed here from 3rd-11th August, 2013 and can confidently say that if I were to return to London, the Rose Court Hotel would be my first choice of accommodation. I will list out exactly why:  1. Good, clean, hygienic rooms....bed sheets, towels and napkins replaced without fail everyday. The hotel doesn't project itself as a 5 star or 7 star property and my advice to others would be on similar lines....Do not expect it to be a luxury property. All I wanted was a comfortable, homely stay in the heart of London and that is exactly what I got.  2. Strategic location was a big bonus...All the major attractions, shopping malls and eateries are located a short walk from the hotel.  3. Whenever I had the slightest of queries, the polite staff at the hotel were more than happy to…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or160-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN!,"AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!  Dirty, unsafe, ignorant staff and expensive.  This the only hotel available for near where we needed to be with our group size on the date required (WIMBLEDON fortnight).   Our room key was given to us on a block of perspex (HxWxD) 12cm x 5.5cm x 1.5cm with the room number carved into it........need I say more.  Rotten window pane in the room, rusted bath and clogged shower head, stain, ripped and dirty carpets. Poor mattresses ....I just can't go on. At £180 per night, I'm still traumatised.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or165-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel close to Oxford street,"This hotel is very close to Oxford street and the Metro station ""Marble Arch"", so it is ideal for a shopping visit.  The four bed room we had, was quite large and we wasn't disturbed by the traffic from the road outside.  The ventilation in the room in the lower ground was not so good, but we managed.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or165-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Sparce but Effective,"Hotel works well for those that will spend most of their time out traveling the city, probably backpackers.  Small, sparce rooms with very few amenities.  No room service, vending machines, or ice available.  The best part of this hotel is that it is conveniently located close to tons of important locations.  One block away from Marble Arch Tube Station, pickups for all the major tour bus stops, grocery stores and restaurants.  No AC, but most hotels in England don't have AC so this should be no surprise.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or165-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good value,"We stayed at the Rose Court Hotel for one night and we were pleasantly surprised.  Reading some of the negative comments here, I feel that some people are just being picky!  Yes, this is an older hotel and possibly could do with some refurbishment.  However, our room was comfortable and very clean.  All the staff were very courteous and genuinely seemed to want to help.  The breakfast was surprisingly good and the £4 upgrade to the cooked breakfast was definitely worth it.  The location of the hotel is superb.  We recommend this hotel and ask readers to consider all the reviews, not just the negative ones!",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or165-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible. Do not ever stay here.,"We checked in to find that our room was in the basement, when we asked to have it switched to a nicer room they happily accommodated. However, the better room had water damage, a toilet that didn't flush, no AC, furniture with torn upholstery, springs poking out of the bed, filthy walls, missing paint from walls, broken tiles in the bathroom... The list goes on.  Terrible terrible terrible.  If you care about your family don't stay here.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or165-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel to stay away from,"Rude receptionist, poorly kept rooms, a lift that can only accommodate one person, lousy breakfast. The only good aspect is it is centrally located with easy access to Oxford street. Never stay here!!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or170-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it!,"This Hotel has to be the biggest load of pants I have ever been to. A recent visit for work (last minute booking) saw me staying in a triple room, that should have been a single, very over priced the decor is old and dirty, it smells, your feet stick to the carpet need i say more, ok i will, having paid £170 for the privilege, i got charged an extra £4 for and English Breakfast that was little more that trash. I felt really sorry for the families that i saw in there along with other visitors to the UK, were even more disappointed than I was. This Hotel is a disgrace to the UK. I would advise all visitors to London to give this place a very wide birth.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or170-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Best location value for money,"Stayed in this hotel due to business in Central London, its very convenient and within budget. Good  for high street shopping. value for money. Marble arch tube station is just 2 minutes by Walk from where you can go any where. The staff is friendly.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or170-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Choice in London for UEFA Final,"Good: - Stuff was very proff, fast and helpfull: THANK YOU! - Location (1min walk to Hyde Park corner, 1.5min to Underground station, 1.5min walk to Oxford street) - Cleaning Average: - we have occupied -1 fl. (room 700), that property need some upgrades and rennovation - lack of conditioner  Right choice for group of people.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or170-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Staff & Perfect Location,"Actually when I booked at this hotel i wasnt expected at all to be good as I found :) The location is perfect in between oxford st & Edgware road ... Manager Jale and her team was very friendly, they also pinted for me the boarding pass, you can buy tickets for any london top attractions, Also they have scale to weight the bags ... I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and looking forward to go there again .. Aya from Egypt",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or170-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Location is great,"Great location. Rooms were reasonably sized. Very old bathrooms. We had to depart at 630 and had paid for breakfast. The male receptionist advised us that the staff do not start until 8am to do breakfast. We asked politely that as we had paid, surely we could at least have some toast or cereal before we leave. It all seemed too much for him. However we were pleasantly surprised and had croissants as well as toast and cereal for breakfast.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or175-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","location, location, comfort!","This is the second time I stay at the rose court and I find it almost perfect for location, price and comfort. My children also love it as they had a separate bedroom within our room, almost a suite! The hotel is 1 minute away from Oxford street, we took the kids to watch a show, my wife did some shopping and after dinner we went back to the hotel, everything is so close by. The staff are super friendly, the breakfast has improved since our last visit with hot elements as well. For a 3 star hotel the rose court really delivers, much better for us than the bog standard chain hotels that London is so full of! No doubt on the next visit to London we will be back.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or175-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cracking!,"Weird but hilarious hotel! We walked in and were greated by the Receptionist who informed us we were early in a very polite manner (and yes we were by about two hours) we asked if we could leave our bags there and nip out for lunch, we were told, yes just put it in the corner over there (the corner of the large reception room), had we had anything valuable we would have maybe felt a bit dodgy about this but it was just clothes as we were only staying a day so happily obliged. We popped down to Marble Arch (which you can see at the bottom of the road) and Oxford Street less than 5 minutes away!   When we returned our items were still there and we were promptly checked in and directed to our room. The room was big! We had a double(ish) and single bed in our high ceiling room with…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or175-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant!  very clean!  walkable to hi street.,"Hi   Rose court is our at home feel, have stayed here many times.. Resonable price for what they provide..  friendly staff  Clean rooms,  ..clean bed spreads,blankets etc..  Nice breakfast served quick and hot ,free egg and many other essentials of breakfast.  Safe lockers avbl.  Overall safety n secured feel.  Free wifi too...  Cheers..",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or175-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",location and staff are perfect,"We were a group of 8 persons with 2 children who stayed in this hotel for 5 days, the managment was very kind and patient with us because after we booked we planned to stay few more days and more relatives joined us and they promtly helped us. It is situated in a perfect area 5 mins walk away from the marble arch tube.  The staff there are very nice and friendly.  The breakfast is good,reasonable price and it has a small lift.....will definatley stay here again........",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or175-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Crazy but great!!,This hotel is crazy. It's like a warren. Basic but clean rooms. The best location you could imagine. Check out it's neighbour hotels!! £50 per person per night B&B.I wouldn't bother with the breakfast. Eatern European at it's worst.  Pop round the corner to Deli Valerie!  Have no expectations and you'll be pleased.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or180-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!,"I'm in the hotel since 6 January and I'll be leaving here on the 26th, the truth is that I read a lot of reviews of the nearby hotels and ended up deciding on this hotel by chance. As we drove prices were all more or less equal.  The hotel is in a perfect location, close to Hyde Park and Marble Arch Station (bus and subway), near Oxford St. shopping where you have to almost 24 hours of the day and the best brands. The staff is beyond friendly and super affordable, our English is not the best and were always attentive and patient. The rooms have the basic comodidas you need any tourist, a bed, a tea / coffee to drink when it reaches the street, and a good tv to see Top Gear when he gets tired.   The cleanliness of the hotel is good, it is every day and change towels and sheets,…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or180-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Everything up to my expectation.,We were in this hotel for 6 nights from 21st Dec and checked out on 27 Dec 2012. I do admit that this hotel is not the best among 3 star hotel in london but the price that we paid is very reasonable as the location is great and very suitable for those who want to go for shopping along Oxford Street and Regent Street. We stayed in quad room and definately will stay here again because to us location is the most important thing  to consider when we choose accomodation in London. Maybe the management of this hotel should do some upgrading as the furnitures are a little bit outdated and repaint certain walls along the corridors. But overall we are satisfied.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or180-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","great location , great staff and excellent rate","A clean hotel – great location close to oxford street and restaurants area – very friendly staff , definitely will book for this hotel next trip .   NB : Thanks for the great help you provided me when forgot valuable properties in a taxi",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or180-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",great location and value for money,"I come to london often on business. This was a last minute trip and having read mixed reviews i didn't know what to expect, but booked the hotel based on location as i had to be in oxford street location very early the following day. I was pleasantly surprised, its an intimate hotel, the staff are really helpful, my room was of good size, i've stayed in many 3 star hotels in london and can vouch not many have this size rooms, the beds very comfortable, very clean and good shower. I was expecting a continental breakfast and found even scrambled eggs and beans! The manager helped me with indications on where to go for my meeting and stored my luggage, overall i had a very positive experience, of course its not a 4 or 5 star hotel, the furniture was a bit dated and some finishings…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or180-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced poor standard,"We stayed here while on honeymoon, and thought the place was over priced for the standard of living.  The rooms were accessed through a very tight hallway and paper thin walls.  We had paid for three nights accomdation and decided to leave after one night.  The slopping floors and dirty bathroom were enough for one nights stay.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or185-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Overall the rose court is a cheap hotel with a good location. It is a bed for the night if you are out in the city or visiting to see the sights, etc  The bed was clean and comfortable but the bathroom was lacking. All of the facilities were there but we're just a little 'faded'. The room was very small but it did the job as we were rarely in it. ",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or185-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good location. Will come back again,"I stayed here for the first time in 1995 and this hotel became my favourite place to stay in london. My last trip was early May last year and I m coming back with my children end of next week. Location is very good. Very near to Marble Arch. Further more, there are many HALAL restaurant along Edgware road which is very near from this hotel. We will stay here for 6 nights and will be waiting for Boxing Day Sales....hehe..",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or185-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",smack in the heart of London!,"This is my second visit to the hotel, which is for me in the best location possible in London, a minute walk to marble arch and oxford street, yet tucked away in nice and quiet great cumberland place, hard to beat! Ok it doesn't have the high end decor, but the beds are great and the rooms very clean, and so are the bathrooms, everything works well. Great size rooms for my family.The staff are always really kind and go out of their way to make you feel as if at home. And they have also upgraded their breakfast which now offers eggs and beans as well.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or185-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Regular visitor for nearly ten years,"I visit this hotel 2-3 times yearly. I could call it my London home. I have visited earlier several other hotels in same price range in London, but when I found Rosecourt, I have not used any other hotel. Location is really central, but it is still quiet, even if you have your room on the street side. House is old, but clean and everything is functioning. It has been under same management and I have seen several improvements in these years. All staff members are really friendly professionals. Rooms come in different sizes, but all the rooms I have used, have been spacy. Showers are big and bathrooms clean. I have experienced really bad and small rooms and bathrooms in London. Of course the hotel is not brand new or in the best shape, but nor are the prices too high. The place…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or185-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not Bad,"Not bad at all considering that it is not highly reviewed...Location is brilliant as it is just off Oxford St. Near Marble Arch where the Big Bus Tour pick up is. Nonetheless, first impression wasn't good since the lady at the reception appeared not warm but after awhile, you'll realize that she's not bad either hahaha ",None,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or190-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rose Court,"We stayed last week for four days, We found the hotel to be in a great location, hotel was clean and satisfied all our needs. Some of the furniture was a little tired but overall a good experience. Would definately go back.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or190-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",shopping addicted........come on!!!,"I was here three weeks ago, really the hotel is nothing special but sufficiently clear and conforting. The strength of this Hotel is its location, very central, very close to the cenral line, you can reach oxford street by walking, The district is very nice there are some nice restaurant, central park is just behind the the corner. I've also found a good rate booking in advance .",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or190-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",rose court hotel for city trip,This is the 2nd time ive been back its got a great position only 2min walk away from oxford street its really the best spot. OK its not the most fancy of hotels but its clean and thre staff are friendly free wifi. I went bymyself so i had a single room it was fine had everything i needed in it.  Will be definately booking here again.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or190-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Urggghhhh!!!!,"My travel plans changed at the very last minute, London was extremely busy, and this was the only hotel I could book that was within my allocated budget...should have stayed at home. First impressions were OK, friendly chap checked me in and then showed me to my room in the bowels of the building. Tiny room, with no space to walk between the end of the bed and the wall! Curtains hanging off the rails, out dated furnishings and what appeared to be cigarette burns on the walls! The only redeeming factor was that the bed linen was clean. A bathroom that would have been luxurious in 1730, but appeared not to have been updated since then. The key to my room was attached to a fob that was the size of a small child and had to be left at reception when exiting the hotel. Just as well as…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or190-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","great location, great service and very good rooms","I have stayed here for business last year in 2011.  since then I have been coming back everytime my work takes me to central london.  Not only does the manager of the hotel gives a warm welcome, but she also was very accommodating in regards to my business needs.  A great location and only a brief walkaway from the colourful edgeware road with its lively cafes and eataries.  very good value also, definatly 'my' hotel for business.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or195-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",wonderful and excellent service,"i stayed at rose court hotel in august 2012 with my family of eight during our vacation in london. the staff was wonderful, friendly and ever willing to help. we got immediate response for our inquiries from the manager Jale. The rooms were comfortable and clean with everyday room service. we had a pleasant stay and would definitely stay at this hotel again in the future. We would recommend to our friends. we love the location because it was near to shopping area like oxford street and bond street. The hotel also provide free wifi in the rooms and you could not find this in every hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or195-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent experience .""value for money""..highly recommended..",I loved my stay at this hotel. Specially the service was above expectations. On a special note i should state the receptionist helped in many ways giving tour tips and special guide. Thank you mr. VICKY for your good work. Being a tourist your servive is appreciated. I recommened this hotel for eccnomy class people. Value for money.. ,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or195-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Agree with all comments prior,"Stayed here with family over Jubilee weekend and it was awful.  No chance of moving to another hotel so stayed and just tried to make the best of it.  Best feature was location, other than that would defintely not stay here again.  I had looked at previous reviews and though it would be ok but how right they were.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or195-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have stayed in,"In April this year I had cause to make a trip to London for a Conference in the City that I had known about for several months, but for which I had not made appropriate arrangements.  What do you do under those circumstances ?  I needed a hotel that was (a) accessible to preferably the Central Line, (b) would not cost me an arm and a leg, and (c) had rooms available at less than 48 hours’ notice.   I know central London reasonably well, having worked there in the 80’s and again in the 90’s and early 00’s.  I have some favourite spots but I am disappointed to report that with shabby damp and smelly rooms, even for £60 via lastminute.com this place is expensive. Yes I was appreciative of its location, the cheery chappie on the front desk when I arrived, and the short walk to the…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or195-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother; find somewhere else.,I got trip adviser AFTER booking rose court. Had I read the reviews I would not have stayed here. And they are all quite accurate. It is a dive. Small. Dilapidated. Not well-maintained. Not all that clean. And so way over-priced. Pay the extra and go down the road to the Cumberland. The bed spread not been wshed for months or years. Security is non-existent - dont leave valuables. Free wifi. I can here the t.v. next door perfectly clearly.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or200-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"This hotel is not quite the worst I stayed in (and as a travelling sales person there are a lot of hotels) but I think it's the 2nd worst. I'm yet to find any redeeming features apart from the fact my sister lives close-by so for the remainder of my stay in London I'll be going there.  All the previous reviews are fairly accurate except for those that say this is a budget hotel. It is poor quality and a rip off at that, £139 per night we're been charged - to me that is not budget, and for that £139 you get nothing - the free breakfast in a traveller hostel in Dublin was far better!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or200-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Atrocious!,"Stayed for 3 nights at 240 GBP a night, delapidated, antiquated, horrible. A maze of little corridors, paint peeling everywhere, no investment apparent any time in the distant past, an experience I will not be repeating, avoid this place. Location is great but other than that a big thumbs down!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or200-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Go!,"Worst place i have ever stayed in my life! Was supposed to be a romantic 40th birthday break for my husband. Worst mistake ever booking this,we got up after no sleep due to noisy lift going up and down outside our room, windows don't shut and let in noise and draughts, beds uncomfortable,rooms filthy squalid Whole place wants knocking down! Save your money.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or200-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, you get what you pay","People complain about this hotel, well... it's a budget hotel. Don't expect anything else than just a small room with a bed. The room was fairly clean the bed comfortable but small (only for 2, a 3 years old would not fit in with the parents). The breakfast is mainly some snacks with milk or juice. The scrumbled egg cost 2 pounds extra. Location: very close to Marble Arch (at about 50m). You can find some nice restaurants in the neighborhood (check out the Italian few corners away but don't expect them have local beer). Staff: well... not too friendly people. A woman close to her 60s has been hanging on phone for a half an hour before she finally turned to me. The man - also reaching for 60 - was much nicer though his English was barely understandable.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or200-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Location,location, location!","That is all folks!    We paid a very expensive price in Australian dollar terms for a very shabby hotel. The internet had an....out of order.....sign on it for the whole of our stay.  Gives an instant bad impression in my view! It needs a major overhaul or a price reduction would make this more appealing.  Would I stay there again?   No, no way!",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or205-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Theft by cleaning staff,"Cleaning staff blatantly rummage through All of our luggage, not even attempting to be subtle. Along with money, they stole prescription medication, which it never occurred to us that it would be stolen straight out of our suitcase.  This place is run-down and uncomfortable. Location is the only positive- by default!",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or205-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",needs to be torn down and start over,"filthy, old, and very rude staff, the floors in the halls rise and fall and are anything but flat, the lift, old,peeling paint, and cramped with only two people with two small carry on's. the ceiling fans, were covered in dust, so, turning them on would start an instant dust storm, the floors leaned so much, the tables were leaning, room had radiators, but knobs were taken off, making it impossible to change the temperature. also, the smell in the room was god awful, at 240.00 a night, it's the biggest waste of money in London.   Don't walk, run as fast as you can from this dump..",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or205-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Mmmmm - not impressed,def not impressed - the rooms are small and old.  We were a family of 3 and falling over ourselves.  The show came to pieces in our hands and we had to tie it up to get any water.  The only good thing I can say is the location is fab and the breakfast delicious.,Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or205-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Budgethotel for sure but a good one!,"Me, my two sisters and my mom went to London in November for a weekend of shopping and just hanging out. We wanted something cheap, yet close to subway, pretty central location and with single beds for all of us. I found this hotel and warned my family that this would be cheap, but probably small, out-worned etc. But we went for the cheap and the location.   Don't fool yourself, this IS a budgethotel, don't expect otherwise. BUT, for being so, this hotel gives you great value! The location is great for shopping, very close to Oxford Street, and also close to the subway. Our room was worn out but did not feel dirty, and it was actually quite big with a big bathroom.   The complimentary breakfast was the typical continental breakfast - toast, tea/coffee - if you added like four…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or205-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",A Pleasant Week in London,"I stayed at this hotel for a week. Its location is perfect, rooms are very clean and adequately furnished, breakfast is good and prisec are very reasonable. Most importantly, staff, especially manager Jale Swailes, are very friendly. I enjoyed my stay very much and hope to go back. Kemal Gürüz",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or210-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",good location poor hotel,when were the photos taken of this hotel ?  i stayed there only 3 weeks ago and the hotel did not resemble the photos at all.  the general appearance of the place was sad and shabby.  the furniture in the bedroom was scratched and grubby.  i did not remove my shoes as the carpets were dirty and the bathroom sad and dated.  dont venture past the kitchen - it was a disgrace ! staff sour faced and miserable.  the location is good and if you have been out sightseeing all day and just want somewhere to sleep this hotel is fine - dont take someone there for a romantic getaway - you will probably get dumped!,Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or210-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful Hotel,"Considering the location and being handy for Marble Arch tube, this hotel is the pits.  From walking in and being greeted by a surly receptionist in a dull dark and dingy lounge area.  Being told the lift is that way and finding the smallest lift I have ever seen, wondering if it will get to the 1st floor never mind the 3rd.    Made it to the room eventually with no signage and a rabbit warren of corridors, the room was a shock.  A brand new huge flat screen TV and a hotel room that looks like the £300 it cost for the TV could of been better spent on the room.   The room is noisy small and not worth £20 a night.  The bathroom was so small it was almost impossible to turn the taps on the bath without getting in the bath.  Dove soap dispensers in the bath which the cleaner doesn't…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or210-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Poor choice,"In spite of the great location, can't recommend. The single ensuite was tiny, the shower mini, the lift ancient, the corridors narrow. 'Breakfast included' was a half-truth. A buffet breakfast was laid out but on checking out I was charged for the scrambled eggs! No sign over the buttet warned guests that the hot food was extra!!!  Shameful.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or210-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY THERE!,"I dont normally listen to these reviews either, so i decided to go ahead and book a room here for two nights. MISTAKE! You have to pay on arrival, as well as paying the first night in full when you book. I can see exactly why, i think if you saw your room before you paid there's no way you would stay!  I can honestly say I felt robbed, very impersonal service, they just took my money and didn't care less whether we had a good stay or not. Room was pokey and the bathroom even more so,  spent most my time regretting not paying more for somewhere better.  The location was great, but I won't be staying again. It really was awful, literally the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or210-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I expected:),"I went there for 4 nights in August. We were 4 girls just looking for a place to sleep and a place to keep our luggage. We found it when browsing for cheap hotels in London. We did not read all the reviews until after we had booked the hotel and there were not that many good reviews so I was afraid this would be a mess. BUT it turned out to be just really good, the location could not be better, we were about 5 mins walk away from Oxford st., the staff was nice and the room was clean! So I cannot complain, I would definitely go there again. Of course my expectations were not high for a 2 star hotel, but Good hotel for very low price!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or215-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but fine,For the price you mustn't grumble. The staff were super friendly and helpful which made the stay fine. Ok the rooms are a bit shabby and could do with a lick of paint for the price and location it's fine. Breakfast was basic and we did not choose the fried option as there's plenlty of good places to eat close by. For the price - it's great,Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or215-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"My daughter and I had the displeasure of staying here for 2 nights in June. Our room was on the 3rd floor. The lift was so tiny, it would only accomodate us both with a suitcase each and that was a tight squeeze. We did not feel safe using it, so climbed the stairs each time we left or returned to our room. They were very narrow and steep. Our room was so small that you could only open the ensuite door half way as it hit one of the twin beds.  Decor was shabby and very dated. The room smelt musty and the bathroom was a disgrace. It smelt like the sewers. The shower curtain was not big enough and so water leaked everywhere. The shower was useless as the water trickeled out and fluctuated between red hot and freezing cold. Breakfast was very basic. As we had pre paid the booking…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or215-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"I was booked in for a night on a business trip. If it hadn't been late on arrival I would have turned and left right then.   The hotel is tired and dated, with marks and dents an the Walls. My room was furnished with a twin bed , complete with a blanket with holes in.  Breakfast was very woeful and consisted of the option of two cereals and toast, branded up as a continental breakfast.   All in all i cant believe they charge what thye do. Honestly don't bother, there are better places in the area for the same or less.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or215-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Holy Moly! I've been scalped!,"I should have guessed there might be an issue when the taxi driver grunted in response to the address I requested.  This seems to be a small family run hotel but really the price for what I got was outrageous.  A narrow twin bed, stained coverlet, and furniture that was badly chipped and stained.  Walls and doorways covered in handprints and the tiny black-and-white TV. Depressing. This was a 180 pound room that should be more like 50! (If you can endure the funky bed linens.)  I switched to a major chain hotel for less the next day.",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or215-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay well away from this hotel,I was given a room on the fourth floor of this hotel. It was only accessible by taking a small elevator up to the third floor and then the steps to the next floor or by taking the steps all the way. The room was tiny and had a musty smell. The only way I could get the free wireless internet was to stand out in the stairwell with my laptop or go down to the lobby. It is a very old hotel and does not in my opinion warrant the price they charge for a room. I was booked in to this hotel for three nights and after seeing my room I checked out and vowed never to return. It is far from value for money. The local tour office booked the hotel for me and I did not read the bad reviews until after it was booked. I would certainly have stayed away if I had read them before hand. The only…,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or220-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Recommended, but don't expect up to the minute furnishings and decoration.","I got good friendly and attentive service here, and would recommend the hotel for that alone. The standard of furniture and general decorative standard is not great, however the rooms seemed clean, with fresh bed linen, plenty of clean towels and all the facilities worked (incl. a good strong, hot shower!). Reception even telephoned next morning to remind me that the free on-street car parking was about to come to an end. Good location for reaching most of central London. What I liked most was the service, clean linen and good shower. What I like least was the general decor, and no upright chair to work at the desk.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or220-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value Hotel for West End of London,"I stayed one night on a business trip. This is an old, well worn hotel, my room and bathroom were small but clean. The breakfast  was basic but perfectly ok. My room overlooked Cumberland Place, so there was quite a lot of traffic noise, but this did not really bother me.  At the rate I paid  - £95, I regarded it as very fair, particularly taking into account the position, 5 min walk from Marble Arch Tube and Park Lane",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or220-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","GREAT location,okay hotel","Had read only positive reviews beforehand,now I see several have complained about rats etc., my own review is somewhere in the middle here. On the plus side: EXCELLENT location! 100 metres or so to Marble Arch/Oxford street and  underground station with direct line to Liverpool str,couldn't be more perfect if your flight goes to/from Stanstead!Okay-sized room, I had requested twin beds and we got both a double and a single,both with comfortable mattresses, everything clean,fresh towels and sheets every day,coffee/tea-making facilities. However,everything  rickety-rackety: the toilet seat ring did not fit the toilet, one hook on the bathroom door hang in one screw only (the other hook had fallen off),when pulling the light chord on the light fixture above the basin,the entire…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or220-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Decent, great staff","The location is excellent, and for the rates it is a pretty good deal. We had a few issues and the staff, especially Miss Julie was very accommodating.  (jale?) Recommended for sure.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or220-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",excellent place,"I was at Rose Court for Christmas with my girlfriend just bored of being in New York every year and to see London. I booked the place from internet and was one of the good ones. It is in a great location walkaway distance to many places, rooms are very clean and staff are really friendly. Whenever I needed something, helpful staff got that for me. Nice city, nice place, clean room, friendly people, good food, good wine is the summary of the trip.",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or225-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location Perfect Service,"The location of the hotel is superb, just beside Marble Arch, which makes travelling so easy. Literally 1-2 minutes to Oxford Street, the metro and trhe bus connections. The service is very good too. Especially the reception provides very good advice and tries to solve your problems asap! (even using their own personal connections!). The rooms are very clean and I had a very pleasant wekend. Due to the enormous rates at central London, I had tended to stay not as central in my previous trips. But Rose Court Hotel solved this for me too. What you get in return of the considerably lower rates you pay is almost too good to be true. I do recommend this hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or225-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent business stay,"Great stay, excellent location, good room and nice staff. I've stayed in a few hotels in London and this is by far the best!! Staff were courteous, polite and went the extra mile to make it special..",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or225-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet, Cozy & Cheap Hotel in London!","My husband, our 4 month old son & I stayed in one room and our travel companions, another couple, stayed here as well. We flew in separately and played message with the hotel desk 'tag' & the hotel staff was so helpful. They had our rooms moved to the same floor and had our travel cot for our son ready when we got there. The rooms are small, but very comfortable. There was enough drawers & hangers in the armoire for all of our things. The bathroom had a full tub which made bathing our 4 month old son much easier than if it had been a stall shower. The continental breakfast was cereal, toast, coffee, tea & orange juice. It's good enough to get something in your belly before finding a real breakfast. There's a great chain fresh-food called Pret A Manger on the corner. The best…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or225-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel at an excellent location,"During our stay for five nights, there was a very friendly, cosy atmosphere. There was always help ready when we needed. The rooms were ok for the price. Location and the staff were excellent. It is a great hotel if you are not looking for luxury but a clean and homely atmosphere during your stay. See you next year!",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or225-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",the best hotel @ the best location in London !! Just perfect!!,"Everything was way beyond my expectations!! Service, hotel staff&management, cleanliness (ppl mentioning the problem with mice probably  had delirium tremens ) , location, value, everything was simply the best !!",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or230-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable break,Nice location. No complaints. Was a bit aprehensive having read the reviews about the mice. Since paid in advance I took my chances as manager assured that pest control maintenance had eradicated the problem. Room was a bit small but clean. Staff was polite and helpful in advice for getting around the city. Overall good price according to location. Would come back again.,Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or230-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",please dont go,"basically if this hotel wasnt in london you would pay £10 per night here and even then you would feel ripped of.i have never ever stayed in such a dirty< small smelly place in my life.shower didnt work< found a half dead rat on the top of the stairs,no clean sheets,RUDE staff,breakfast beyond a joke,tv didnt work and the smell of the whole place is horendous.i made the mistake of not reading the reviews before going here but please take on board what people are telling you,this isnt a hotel its not even good enough to call it a homeless shelter.when i return to london i will be paying the extra £80 and staying in a hilton.this place shouldnt be aloud to stay open its a disgrace. oh and the walls have stains EVERYWHERE on them. ripped of and felt so dirty sleeping there.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or230-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",take care you might find a Rat in your room,"Forget the benefit of the good location. I found a Rat in my room , and I knew later on that there is a lot of rats & mouses inside the hotel, by the way I went to this hotel 3 times because of the location but I left the hotel after the 3rd night,  I will never come back to this hotel even if I will be invited on complimentary basis.  The reception staff is good especialy Mohamed but that can not do anything with a old dated hotel full of rats and mouses . Do not take the risque to go I should consider that this hotel is not recommanded by other guests but I did not & I took the wrong choice.  Breakfast is very poor, rooms are very old,bathroom is very small , the hotel has a very bad smell.  Think twice before booking this hotel, if you have low budget search by street name on…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or230-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Creepy,"This is the worst hotel on the planet. I wouldn't stay here if it was free. I came with 8 of my best friends and we all thought it was a nightmare. We had 4 couples so we had the luxury  ( LOL) of visiting all the floors. The basement was old and molded, that's why the extra heater was provided and it wad a 100 degrees upon arrival, to try and dry it out.  My friends on the second floor brought in candy and woke up to mice eating in the middle of the night, which makes you wonder about the complimentary breakfast. My other buddy,  they barged in on when he was taking a shower, and ask him to keep the water in the tub because it was leaking down below, which was a impossible task (which he did) they realized it was a leaking pipe. We called our travel agent and requested a new…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or230-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",PEST PEST PEST,The motel is located close to the central Marble Arch Tube. But unfortunately... was in the wrong room. There is a mouse hole under the bed of Rm 305!,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or235-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",uncomfortable with safety issues,"initial response was very old place but  london is old city  my  teenage children were horrified by room small really old tv  which didnt work ,hairdryer didnt work cord to light in bathroom caused light to flicker then dripping heard, water started coming through cord my son got zapped turning it off. After complaining got changed to other room marginally bigger but in a rabbit warren of abasement beautiful view 4 bikes and a pile of garbage bags shower nearly coming of,f wall but worked, towels changed everyday of our three day, stay could access wifi but that was the only pros. lift was 2 person lift and extremely difficult with luggage on day of leaving observed arriving visitors reactions  ranged from perplexed to horrified wasnt as if it was really  cheap rates i have…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or235-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Hotel,"Having read the reviews concerning bedbugs, surly staff and threadbare carpets, I couldn't wait to try this hotel.  I was sorely disappointed.  The sheets were clean,  there was a generous supply of clean towels, the bed very comfortable, more than adequate milk cartons (something hotels are usually very mean on) and the staff were, without exception, helpful and friendly.    There was always a smile for you upon returning to the hotel.   Upon arrival, a young man was summoned to carry my small suitcase up to my room - an old fashioned practice not found in some more expensive hotel.  It is true the carpet was worn in places and the paintwork has seen better days.  There appears to be some renovation taking place in the area of one of the main staircases as modern wood panelling…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or235-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Not somewhere to relax,"Pros: great location, within walking distance of tube station & many attractions availability of tourist information - brochures & bookings through reception free wifi  cosy public lounge Clean bathroom  Cons: in desperate need of renovation can hear people in adjacent rooms (floors creaking, yelling etc) water temperature of shower fluctuates significantly very basic breakfast selection very narrow stairs & tiny lift",Date of stay: May 2010,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or235-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel!!!,This is the shabbiest hotel I have seen for years!! Nasty middle aged lady gave a bad service at the desk. Hotel rooms dirty and walls disgusting. NEVER stay at this dump!!!,Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or235-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Homely, safe and familiar at start, central location, Economic with worth services","I was new to UK and not knowing any thing here. By chance i took this place first time when i came in july and stayed for three days. I felt quite familiar and homely from day one. It's in central London and most of things are in easy approach from here. The nearest tube station is at walking distance and so also nearby markets,restaurents etc. Its quite economic priced with worth hotel services. The staff and Managers are worth special mention who always are polite and helpful. The breakfast was free and the rooms though not big are comfortable and cozy. There was 24/7 free Internet inside room(WIFI). If you are planning comfort and economy together, then I suppose this could be the best choice. I liked it so much that NEXT TIME I CAME AND STAYED WITH MY WIFE HERE IN SEP.,…",Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or240-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"This is the worst hotel I have ever encountered. The place was dirty, carpets threadbare, tv in room didn't work, breakfast appalling. The whole experience was awful and the place should be closed down.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or240-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid it like the plague,"Adding bars to the windows would make it an idea prison cell. I slept on top of the bed, I opened up the bedspread and quickly closed it again. God only knows what horrors lie beneath. The room was filthy and needed an all over clean. wallpaper was coming away from the wall. people above walking aroind sounded like a herd of elephants, and I am sure I did, too, to the room below. Next morning in the breakfast hall, which was also filthy, one of the staff merrily went about their work with their mobile phone stuck to their ear. Coffe was lukewarm and no choice of bread, thin while toast. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to stay there! What a poor example of British hospitality (no Brits working there anyway - im sure!) to foreign visitors.",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or240-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel with a good location,"I stayed at the Rose Court in July this year for 2 nights with my two best friends. The hotel itself is basic but clean, although it could do with a spruce up, new furniture and fixtures/painting etc, but the hotel is good value for money and you only get what you pay for. The continental breakfast was average. The hotel has free wifi in all the rooms which is great, just nip down to reception and ask for the password.   The location is excellent, you are a two min walk from Marble Arch tube station on Oxford street and really close to the shops! I would recommend this for friends after a cheap place to stay in London, don't come here if you plan to spend any time in your room, this was just a base for sightseeing and shopping for us!",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or240-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T STAY HERE,The BESTandONLY thing about this hotel is the location.The rooms were awful( in the basement  or as they like to say the lower ground floor.) They were very smelly. with stale tobacco smoke and damp being the worse smells. My friend was woken in the night with water dripping on her feet and it turned out to be a badly maintained flat roof above the room that was leaking. We were lucky in that we were able to find alterative accommodation and moved the next day. My advice to fellow travellers is give this one a miss and look for something else in the area. There are a lot of hotels nearby and even if you have to pay a few pounds extra its worth it.,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or240-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"I have experiencied a nice time during my trip to London, this hotel offered me a nice stay with a clean and very organized rooms. The location is fantastic and easy to get around in the city. The people in the hotel is very friendly and always keen to help us regarding information and other info about the city.This hotel is in my list not only for me but also for my colleagues next time in London.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or245-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",very nice place to stay,This hotel was good for a three night stay. Staf were helpful and friendly. The hotel is minutes from Marble Arch tube station on Oxford St and it makes easy to get around for shopping and sightseein plus custo is reasonable. I willl recommend this to my friends and family.,Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or245-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and friendly,The location is great. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are ok and clean. I think it is a nice place to stay if you want to be in the center of the city and don't want to pay much.,Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or245-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",lousy hotel with a very bad lady receptionist (with long hair),"please do not stay in this hotel,the lady receptionist(slim lady with her long hair tied to her back)is very very impolite talking without a smile,very very bad attitude i hope the boss if this hotel will fire her(or i should say should have fire her centuries ago),she is very unkind to foreigners/guest and make me feel even more dislike this old old hotel with cracking noise while we walked in the room or bathroom,the water got smell and the bed is 1 side higher ,but thats alright because i understand the low price of this hotel cant produce good rooms (90pound oer night)but at least the lady receptionist must not treat us as if we are begging for free stay,ok?she even refused to just help me to make a silple local call to comfirm my transort from the hotel to airport,just a…",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or245-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,I recently stayed in the hotel through the recommendation of a friend. And I was not let down. It is good value for the money. Location is central and walking distance from Oxford Street. Reception staff are friendly & helpful. Room & bathroom were clean with the usual menities.Overall I would recommend the hotel to my friends.,Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or245-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Save Yourself!,"Left about midnight after killing the 11th bedbug and stayed on the cold Paddington Station streets for a few hours until I found a ride to Heathrow. The trains don't run until 5:30am.    Thought about just staying in the room with the light on and exectuing the little buggers when they came out, but I noticed one crawling on my luggage and the idea I'd be taking them home decided it for me.    The photos of blood on the sheets are I believe the residue of other executions. That's the way my sheets looked (but fresher blood, hopefully mine) when I left.",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or250-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of the Room,"A friend booked this hotel for me. Initially there was a mix up with my booking which finally got sorted(long story which is for another day).  Here I just want comment on the room. As I approached it  via the 2 person lift , the narrow hallways and stairs, alarm bells in my head were already ringing. It had  grubby and unkept appearance. As I opened the room door I was prepared for the worst and so it was. The room was an unusual shape, longish and narrow. The wallpaper was dull and ancient. My attention was then immediately drawn to the bed. The blanket  was very old and dirty looking, as was the headboard. There was an old wardrobe  at the foot of the bed which looked like it was ready to fall over at any moment. The room had a real dark and depressing feel to it. I had a…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or250-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away,I booked this at the last minute through the recomendation of Travel Republic. Never again! After arriving around 6pm ( it was cold and dark) I was looking forward to staying overnight in London. Being a solo traveller I just didn't feel confident enough to look for alternative accomodation at that time of night. The room was faded splendour indeed. Torn wallpaper chipped paintwork and what looked like blood splatter up 2 of the walls! Blankets were filthy but the sheets did look clean. The headboard was also filthy and of the old padded buttonback variety! The shower over the bath was 'protected' by a glass screen which made it impossible to turn on the taps unless you were actually standing in the bath underneath it! The taps were caked in lime scale and hadn't been cleaned…,Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or250-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","WOW...NOT a nice hotel, bad condition","Let me start by saying the hotel staff seemed to be helpful, genuinely nice, and friendly.  Our stay didn't start very well at all.  We checked in and were led down a maze of steps and small dark hallways.  As we found our room, located in the basement, we couldn't help but notice the strong smell, the torn and stained carpet, peeling wallpaper, and for added touch, the flickering, uncovered bare flourescent lightbulb flickering at the end of the hallway.  we were let into our room, the door without a doorknob, just a deadbolt, and couldn't help but to laugh.  as we mentioned the torn and stained carpet, it was even worse in this small and dingey room.  the comforter was ancient looking and was badly stained.  the inside of the bathroom door had mysterious brown drip marks of…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or250-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap not cheerful,"I booked this from a last minute hotel booking website for me, my partner and  a work colleague. We got two rooms in the hotel after our work Xmas party.   We just wanted somewhere clean and cheap, and are generally not fussy when we stay in London, which we do often on a budget.    The room my partner and I stayed in was surprisingly large with high ceilings and a big window, and so has the potential to be really lovely. Unfortunately though the decor and general state of repair let it down.   I'm not sure of the room number, but our room had a large mirror right opposite the bed, which was really disconcerting and gave you the feeling of being watched which wasn't pleasant.   There was a double bed in the room and an extra single, the bedlinen was clean but looked old and the…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or250-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap Yes Great No,"We were looking for a cheap hotel in a good location in London, not something easy to find. Next time I will pay more and stay somewhere Nicer. Don't get me wrong the location was great, just off Oxford St near Marble Arch, the staff were friendly. The room however was on the top floor up some very creaky stairs, you can hear what time people go to bed! The room was clean but very small. wallpaper was starting to come away from the wall and the curtains could have benefited from a wash. The breakfast was toast and cereal, hot breakfast extra - fair enough for the price paid, but please just put the nets at the dining room window through the washing machine. This could be such a quaint homely hotel should it have some money spent on bringing it up to date, but for one night was…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or255-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"Having travelled from Portugal for a relaxing weekend this Hotel was a tremendous dissapointment.   In London for the shops, see a show and take in the atmosphere.The location of the Hotel was good but the remainder was not good.   The entrance was dirty, the reception was dark and dated, the lift was ""minute"" (and felt somewhat unstable), the room was so small that my wife and I could not enter one after the other without closing and re opening the door, the decor was dirty, the bathroom was dated, very small and in need of a good clean and upgrade.   The bedding was dated and the bed was not very comfortable.  We were in London for 3 nights, we stayed in this very dissapointing venue for 30 minutes - just long enough to book a replacement over the phone and get a cab.   There…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or255-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Got the Job Done,"This was a good deal. Through Expedia I booked w/ my fiance a round trip ticket to London along with 6 night stay in this hotel. Total: $995 a person. Just what I could afford. And I got exactly what I paid for. I'm happy.  I was nervous going here because I read the reviews about it being dirty, mice, bed bugs etc. I didn't experience any of this. It was a bit shabby, and definitely cramped quarters, but we were literally using the place to hold our stuff, shower and sleep. And it did well for all those things.  The beds are hard, I agree, although I've heard that hard beds are better for your back. I still like softer beds. After walking around all day and sight-seeing i could have been sleeping on the floor and still slept soundly. There is no AC,but it was so nice and cool…",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or255-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid !!!,"The beds were comfortable, but covered with old blankets, that looked like they never get washed. It was very noisy due too traffic and squeaky floors. The carpets and wallpaper were old and patchy. We couldn´t use the shower because the water was either too hot or too cold. The breakfast was terrible: 1 peace of toast plus jam and butter each ! And the staff was friendly but understood hardly any English. Its fairly cheap and near too Oxford street and Hyde Park, but I don´t know what the 2 stars are for.",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or255-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly but shabby,"We were a family party of two adults and two children staying for a short break on a fairly tight budget. The Rose Court reception staff were helpful and friendly and showed a genuine interest in whether we were enjoying our stay. The room was too hot, at the top of 4 flights of stairs (or a trip in a very precarious looking lift!) and was very shabby. That said, the sheets and towels were clean and the breakfast was basic but edible. Do not stay in this hotel if you intend the accomodation to contribute much to your impression of London. Do stay in this hotel if you are a student backpacker or needing a cheap bed for the night in a central location and you are not fussy about the age of the furniture/decor. We have stayed in better youth hostels.",Date of stay: October 2007,2.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or255-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Good value for little money, good location","We wanted a family room for 4 persons, and this was the cheapest we could find on the net in central London.   The hotel and the room looked run down - old furniture, old TV, trashy curtains and carpets, only the bathroom was up to date. Beds were OK.  However service was fine, the staff very friendly, the room was cleaned properly every day, breakfast OK and included in the price.   And location was great, 2 minutes walk to Oxford street, Underground (Marble Arch), Hyde Park, close to many busses and restaurants (Tip: Italian restaurant “Caffe Uno”, 11 Edgware Road was the best deal of the 8 restaurants we visited in London).   Noise level from street etc. was low.   If you are looking for a cheap room in a good location, saving your money for entertainment or shopping, this is…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or260-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",hurry up breakfast,"Date 28 June 2007 Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel.  As a 2 star hotel, the location was great:-10 mins walk from tube (Central Line) and buses.  Room, as expected form other reviews, was small and bathroom tiny . Also dark . Glad it wasn't hot weather as might be stifling. Had requested a larger room but this was hardly that!!!  Main complaint was about breakfast.  Scheduled for 7-9am, went down at 8.50 to find only allowed 1 cup of coffee , toast that had barely winked at the toaster and to be told to 'please eat quickly' as the servers were finishing at 9 !  When I queried this, i was informed that the servers ' were only paid until 9 and had other work to do.' Needless to say, did not bother the other mornings.  If you want a cheap convenient hotel, this is OK but…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or260-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Disturbing,"I can't find any other word that fits how I felt staying in the Rose Court. I was led to a basement room with my four friends by a receptionist who was very confused about our booking. The room's windows looked onto a grimy alley 6 foot below the pavement, so at night there were footsteps and traffic noises coming through our window which wouldn't fully close. There was a picture of a sinister-looking man holding a child above my bed that I took down as soon as I got in the room. The beds were stained with something that seemed to be blood, but I didn't want to think too much about that. When we turned on the propeller fan, one of the beds got a fresh coat of dust thrown onto it. There were wardrobes and presses which wouldn't open no matter how much we tried. Luckily, we only…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or260-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","This hotel needs to be knocked down, seriously!!!","the hotel from the outside looked fairly nice! even the reception looked fairly okay seeing as it is a low budget hotel! we got our key and the old woman led us down to our room! that was the problem we went  down into this creepy dungeon with squeaky floors!!! there's like 51rooms in the hotel and we were room 700??? don't ask! we went into the room and it was okay until that night! there was traffic, we were in a sewer! we could have sworn people were walking by our windows-like hobo's! and the windows wouldn't close! they were held open by string! The fan on the roof nearly fell off when we turned it on and dust start flying everywhere! there was also these creepy pictures in the drawer! the floor was the squeakiest thing i've ever heard! and the bathroom surprisingly was…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or260-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",great stay,"Myself and five freinds recently stayed in the Rose Court during a recent  trip to London (feb 28 - march 3 2007). I can honestley say that the hotel was far better thn any of us expected it to be. The rooms  were clean and  comfortable and the staff couldn't have done any more to be helpful towards us. The hotel is situated very close to marble arch tube station and from there it is a short journey to anywhere in the city, alternativley it's great location allows you to walk almost anywhere you might want to visit. ",Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or260-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very basic,"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while visiting london. Overall it was ok. Had a few problems on arrival and the nightman/receptionist had not 1 clue about checking somebody in. He could not speak english but we got our room in the end. The lift was shocking, i would recommend taking the stairs because it is on the virge of breaking down. The rooms are small but they are fine for the price.. We had a twin room for the first night and a triple for the second night and the triple was definately alot better.  It was a clean hotel and the bathroom in the triple room was very spacious but tiny in the twin room.   Location of the hotel was brilliant. It is just around the corner from Oxford street with great shopping and you can walk to Picadilly circus and Leicester square where…",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or265-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel,"The previous reviews remain broadly appropriate.  Also, I found there was a lot of noise from the traffic during the night. ",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or265-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",dingy rose court,"i cannot tell you how disappointed we were with the rose court hotel. The place is realy dirty and drab, our room net curtains were full of holes and frayed the paintwork is chipped and dirty and the carpet should be totally refurbished. The tv system which only get 4 channels were hooked to a roof antenna which was not postioned properly and none of the staions came in clear. On the positive side the staff were nice and friendly and somewhat embarassed by the amenities offered by the hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or265-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting...,"This hotel was absolutely disgusting. I have never been in a hotel filthier than this one. I think the sidewalk in front of the hotel was cleaner than the inside. The curtains and carpeting were black with filth. When we went to put a mattress on the floor so that our 1 year old twins would not fall off of the bed during the night, we discovered in horror blood and urine stains all over the mattress and box springs. It was the same on the other bed in the room. As we had rented 2 rooms in the hotel, we immediately went into the other room and checked the mattresses in there. All four of them had urine stains and 2 of the 4 had blood stains as well. After going downstairs feeling so sick to my stomach and feeling so gutted that anyone would allow another human being to stay in…",None,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or265-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent budget hotel!,"I was very pleased with the Rose Court Hotel, given several bad experiences with similarly priced hotels in London.  The receptionist was very helpful providing us with information on the local area which, by the way, is very convenient to the tube and shopping on Oxford St.  The room (a triple with ensuite) was large, clean, quiet and well equipped with tea and coffee facilities, soft towels, soap and body gel/shampoo in the bathroom. The bathroom was clean and the shower had plenty of hot water. The TV worked!  A little bit tatty around the edges but no more, and probably less, than you should expect for a 2 star. Just the occasional chip in the paintwork.  Breakfast was good compared to many others.  Scrambled eggs, baked mushrooms and baked beans in the way of hot food. A…",Date of stay: January 2005,5.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or265-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Rose Court Hotel London - Excellent experience!,"I arrived in London without a hotel and the British Tourism Agency suggested the Rose Court Hotel.  I could not have asked for a better hotel!  Not only was it very inexpensive, it was 6 minutes walking away from Buckingham Palace, 2 minutes away from the shops leading up to the Oxford Circus and no more than 15 minutes away from any of the great attractions!  It was also a few short steps away from the Marble Arch and a great park to go jogging.  I did not even take the underground once because everything was so close!  The hotel was very clean and the staff was incredibly helpful with directions and really made sure the guests were taken care of.  I was so happy with this hotel that I would strongely recommend it for students or couples looking for a great hotel with a great…",Date of stay: June 2004,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or270-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",strange,"what a strange hotel. The receptionist could hardly speak english, the elevator was more like a dumb waiter, the lock on the door was flimsy, the bathroom was smaller than my wardrobe at home, the net curtain was grey!, there wasn't any tea/coffee facilities, if you try and phone down to reception it just rings and rings...... and i have never heard so many screams from one hotel in the middle of the night! A good nights sleep- not a chance as all you can hear all night long is the traffic. The only good things about the hotel were the clean sheets and the location. Would i stay here again... NO stay on the outskirts of london and use the tube. ",Date of stay: July 2000,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or270-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Not impressive, but not horrible","Location was great -- right near Marble Arch.  Lots of restaurants, internet, tube stop, tour buses nearby.  Staff was barely polite, elevator was tiny and temperamental, lock on the door seemed flimsy.  The room was small and tolerably clean, but the whole floor reeked of garlic the first night.  Breakfast was 2 pieces of toast and mediocre coffee or decent tea, with optional cereal and milk.  We did have a problem at checkout where the rate arranged by our travel agent was not honored, but the new rate was still reasonable for London.  We would probably look for something else in the area next time. ",None,2.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or270-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",My Future Home Away From Home In London,"Taking two college students with me on their first trip to London and I was looking for something a bit modest in price since needed multiple rooms.  What I found was an extremely clean, well maintained hotel.  Staff very friendly. Continental breakfast included with cooked brealfast available at extra cost. It's a converted townhouse with those limitations, but very convenient.  Goodby my 4-star hotel.  For price this can't be beat.  In future this will be my home away from home in London. ",None,4.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or270-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London","Good, especially for the price","Overall this was a good hotel for the money. It's 2 blocks away from the Marble Arch station on the Central Line of the tube. It's also close to Hyde Park. The staff was nice and friendly, and the complimentary breakfast was fine. The room was sufficiently clean, but the towels were a bit smelly and the pillowcases were sometimes less than ideally clean. The lift was broken for a day.",None,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or270-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay!," This year while visiting England I once again stayed at this B&B. They had done some more painting of the inside and are still working to get it up to par. But it is the friendlist place that I had stayed in london. Fair prices and very,very nice people. They all treat you like a friend and were so pleased that I had returned. Even gave me a bigger room for less money.The owner is there much of the time and a very caring person. The desk clerk,Sondra is wonderful and always willing to help with what you need. Stay again next time,Oh yes.Four stars for the Rose Court 35 Great cumberland Place, London   ",None,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or275-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Aweful place to stay,"This hotel has got to be the worst hotel, I have stayed in. Give them one thing, there was clean sheets and hot water, although everything else was discusting.  The ""so called"" full english breakfast doesn't exist, instead we got a plate of scrambled eggs, swimming in fat. Just outside the room also smelt of fat, it wasn't very nice at all. The corridors are a tight squeeze, and the lift is very small (god help anyone that is abit on the large size!!!)",None,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192106-Reviews-or275-Rose_Court_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Rose Court Hotel Reviews, London",Solid value,"  I've stayed here twice.  The staff is friendly and quite multilingual, 24 hr. desk. The location is excellent - less than five minute walk from Marble Arch and airbus to Heathrow, neighborhood good.  Clean.  I believe all rooms are en suite (= bathrooms in your guest room for my fellow Americans.)  ",None,4.0
