,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or0-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place!,"Really nice place to stay, beautiful rooms and reception area is stunning. Very welcoming staff- helped us with transportation to the airport and directions around London. Rooms have a kettle and fridge-very convenient if you want to store some snacks. The area has very nice restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or0-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid ,"Just so many things  wrong. If you can’t handle stairs then avoid and there is no lift and the stairs are the steepest most narrowest ever. Our room was on the “2nd” floor we were told. It wasn’t. It was on the third floor and hidden behind some non labelled door. Our room had burn holes all over the carpet, one bedside lamp was broken hanging by it’s wires.  No towels provided and when we asked for some they still did not deliver.   No bedside tables and the bed was like a camper bed. Couldn’t wait to leave.  The only positive thing I can think of is the free car parking but it seems half the neighbourhood use it too. In summary, just don’t go.",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or0-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly Good,"I stayed here just for 1 night. The hotel is located on a main road that leads to a High Street shopping area mainly of Jewish influence. A small reception with easy check in, sits in front of the narrow stairs that lead up to narrow, lino corridors so although it was hard to bring a case up the stairs, it was easy to pull a suitcase to the rooms. As you walked in the room there was a wardrobe with a safe in it. Then there was a double drawer desk with stool,  a mirror above and a wall mounted hair dryer next to it. Under the window was a coffee table with tea/coffee facilities and 2 armchairs. The double bed was nicely dressed with turquoise cushions and a bed runner and with 3 drawer bedside tables on either side. There was also a small wall mounted, flat-screen TV. The bathroom  has no bath but a double shower with a single sink, a mirror above and basic toiletries. There was a lounge area which looks trendy because of the colourful settees and padded stools with scattered patterned cushions, artistic pictures,  coffee tables and a bar/mini shop. The breakfast area looks uniform as rectangle tables are set for 4 in rows either side of round tables also set for 4. The food was adequate but seemed to have more cold food than hot and some foods I didn't not recognise so  I had to guess what I had taken to eat.  There was also a small, free, front drive car park in front of the hotel's reception and an outside garden area at the back with additional seating. Overall a well kept hotel with some pretty features.…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or0-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"Local shops, transport and underground all accessible with a short walk. Best part is gym in front of hotel. Really enjoyed staying with my friends over the weekend. We had such a good time. Breakfast has so much choice and staff was really helpful.  Will visit this place soon.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or0-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Stayed here for a couple of nights , the room was comfortable, and breakfast was ok, think there is room for improvement such as some corridors needing a coat of pant and possibly having the option of a full English breakfast as opposed to a limited selection of cooked items, also could do with the hotel bar being better staffed rather than interrupting the receptionist for a drink, but for the price I paid a decent 2 night stay",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or5-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed for New Years Eve,"We stayed for New Years Eve and booked the hotel only two nights before. Reading the reviews we were wondering if all would be ok but thought the hotel was good. It's only a 7 minute walk from Golders Green station and you only need to come out of the station grounds, turn right and keep going. The hotel was on the left. It offers free parking which is really good too. The beds were really comfortable and the rooms were very clean. Really enjoyed the shower too.  The breakfast was fine and we certainly came away full up. The staff were very helpful and we only had two points which thought could be improved on. They are only miner points. The first being the quality of the decorating but it's not unpleasant. The second being that the coffee machine for breakfast is placed in a…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or5-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I stayed in this hotel for 1 night with my family and it was a bad experience.. The room was too small for 3 : it was a room for 2 people max ! We couldn’t open wide the bathroom’s door because the bed was to close to it, also we cannot use the chair because there was no space between the table and the bed. Everything was old and the decoration was really dated, not conform to the pictures. No possibilities (without asking the reception) to change the temperature of the room, the night was really hot (we are in December).. There was no table lamp in the room. The breakfast was poor, the cleaning was disappointing.  The location is correct ~10 min from Golders Green Station (Northern Line).  To sum up, it was overpriced.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or5-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t believe the reviews!!!!!,"I was so worried after reading the review about this hotel. But I was pleasantly surprised. You get what you pay for. It’s a low budget hotel. Yes the rooms are outdated, probably need a revamp and smelt of smoke in certain corridors but you most probably paid under £50 a night. However our room was clean and had everything we needed. It was hot in our room on arrival but we just cracked open a window. As for the noise,  I thought we were the only couple there until at breakfast I saw loads of people and family’s. Overall it was  pleasant and clean. Breakfast was ok but basic and it was included in the price which was just an added bonus to the low budget price we paid! Tube was 10 min walk away and Camden was a few stops on the tube which was perfect. The hotel even has free…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or5-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Smells like a very old brothel.,"The carpets in the rooms were dated and full of stains. Looked over 20 years old. The pathway leading to the rooms was disgusting and had a foul smell. It's just a very old house that's supposedly converted into a hotel. Not sure if this would even get classed as a hotel. The place stinks. The manager was heartless and rude and would not offer me a refund or cancellation. Instead when I requested a cancellation, I got a charged on my credit card 2 weeks ahead of my stay. I didn't sleep all night. Very noisy and not sufficient ventilation in the room. The water in the bathroom had a funny smell. The windows had a lot of mould and condensation. Down with a sore throat now. Would definitely not recommend anyone to stay here. This place needs a serious revamp. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or5-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","RUBBISH, SHOCKING","On Sunday 1st December, Me, Wife and 2 Sisters stayed at this hotel. The Hotel physically is unclean, unhygienic, small, cramped, dirty, uncomfortable, smell, cold, noisy, unattractive and doesn't even deserve to be called a Budget Hotel. It is more like a Hostel or B&B. My Main concern however is to do with the level of service and how staff made me feel prejudiced and discriminated against. Breakfast closes at 9:30am and when i say 9:30am it means 9:30am. No a second after or before. This is what i found when my wife went to get a glass of water at 9:30am. She was rejected and the glass taken away from her from the rude, unprofessional waitress. However the same waitress thought it would still be OK to provide a hot coffee to a lady from the machine opposite. Once i saw this i…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or10-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",My Stay at the hotel,The room we got moved to was average but not clean. It's a basic room and has vey few furniture. You need to walk so far to reach rooms sections. With no phone we couldn’t ask for assistance. The breakfast is vegetarian only but good.,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or10-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good.,"We stayed at the end of November. Overall it was ok. Clean room, good breakfast and very polite stuff. The only thing that bothered us was the noise from the other visitors.  Neighborhood was nice with a lot of restaurants and a metro station about 10 minutes away.  If you're looking for a cheap hotel not far away from the city centre this is definately your choice.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or10-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money. Basic hotel,We were pleasantly surprised with our stay at King Solomon. It is clean friendly. The rooms and facilities are basic. It does the job as described. Reasonably priced accommodation. Breakfast is included and absolutely fine. Rooms clean and maintained. Quiet and friendly. Don't stay here if you are expecting the Ritz. Very convenient to public transport and Golders Green high street with plenty of nice restaurants. Bus stop right outside hotel,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or10-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",All in all great value for money,"I was a little annoyed when I checked in after 4am, once I had finished work to then be told that the triple room I had booked online through Agoda and which was supposed to contain a double and a single bed only contained three single beds but I could upgrade to a double room for an additional £20.00. I asked whether a late check out would be possible due to the time I was checking in but was told that it would cost £10.00 for an extra hour. I informed the friendly and helpful gentleman that as I was working I was unable to spend more than what had been booked as I would have to pay myself and he eventually agreed to let me have the double room and a late check out for a total additional cost of £10.00. Haggling was not really something that I wanted to be doing at this time of…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or10-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Leaking room?,"Checked into our room and the ceiling was leaking in two places, we complained about it to reception but they wouldn’t let us have any discount, they only moved us rooms.  Hotel was mainly clean overall, and the room we got moved to was average.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or15-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Look for somewhere else.  Don't stay here,"I have nothing good to say about this place.  Unhelpful staff who didn't care about trying to help you.  Disgusting breakfast with green eggs and luke warm drinks, it was so bad we made a hasty exit. Communal toilets with overflowing bin and no paper.   ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or15-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Its fine don't believe the reviews,"The hotel was clean, the staff were friendly the building itself  is old but fittings quite new it was clean, the breakfast is vegetarian only but Ok, , For me the location was perfect because there is free parking and I was driving north the next day so you are straight onto the motorway, not sure why the reviews are so bad  maybe the management has changed",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or15-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed visit,"The hotel is conveniently located a short walk from Brent Cross Tube Station. It is clean and the staff were all pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was perfectly adequate co spidering the price of the hotel. However, there is some neglect of basics I would expect in any hotel - there were no towels in my room and the phone did not work so I had to go back to reception (and the hotel is a bit of a maze) to collect some. When I had them I still could not shower as the shower in my room had no temperature adjustment and was too hot to touch the water. With no phone I couldn’t ask for assistance. My (single) room was so small I had to move the bed to open the bathroom door. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or15-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Will not be coming back!,"Women travelling on their own may not be welcome! Have been given the evil eye from a number of male staff (I assume) loitering in reception, interrupted by a male guest when checking in and having his query dealt with before me. Ignored at the bar for some time too. I was shoved at the highest and furthest point available away from The front door with no help with my luggage, no smiles, no polite welcome. The walls are so paper thin the really loud Tv's and persistent loud conversations until late at night mean those sleeping early for work are pretty stuffed.  The resteraunt and bar is mostly closed with little on offer aside from a couple of bottles. There is only a buffet in the morning as there are no options for evening meals at all. I will say the bottled beer is quite…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or15-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Pink concert,Had a lovely stay. Only stayed 1 night to go a concert at wembley. Staff were very nice & helpful. Room was nice & clean. Not to far from train station. Plenty of places to eat near by to. Would recommend.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or20-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",awful,"the smell of the room is disguising starting from the hall old furniture nothing to do with the modern photos very far from central London a lot of people making noise in the night you cannot sleep  to pay 70 for this was really awful,ive seen hostels which look better than this so called 3 stars hotel",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or20-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Inadequate stay,"Dont let this hotel fool you! the reception and breakfast areas look good but wait till you get to the bed rooms!! First room smelt of smoke 2nd room too after we was moved, broken window tape with brown parcel tape, no bin dirty bedding, NO mattress Proctor's or pillow Proctor's, they couldn't find the heating switch!!! It was freezing. Breakfast is great if your vegetarian no meat options. The worst place I've ever stayed in. Customer service was poor the manager kawal put me on loud speaker, I asked her to take me off which she did. Kawal the manager also refused to give me an contact email for the GM we didn't get back to the hotel till 12:30am, which the children had fallen asleep. Please check pictures of the extra bedding given.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or20-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dont believe every bad review,"I have to admit I was worried after reading reviews but I Am HAPPY to say that I did not need to be.  The welcome by staff was welcoming,  quick check in, wi-fi code given without asking.  Ok a walk along corridors and some stairs but so what, then into the room greeted by a pleasant room, clean, tidy, smelling fresh.  I did check bedding and can say spotless,  fresh bedding  two towels on each bed (family room) , clean spotless ensuite.  Coffee/tea making facilities,  TV and hairdryer, wardrobe with hangers , dressing table and side tables.  Shower was powerful and hot water no dip in temperature, breakfast good choice cereal, some cooked as well.  We sat outside on the veranda which was covered.  Agai  staff very friendly and the area was very clean.   So after reading bad…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or20-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book!! Cancelled booking no valid explanation! Left nowhere to stay!,"Booked to stay here for one night in June 2019 (21st) used booking.com to book hotel stated free cancellation and no up front payment just pay on arrival! Month before got email saying booking cancelled due to invalid card!!!? Emailed them said it was cancelled and now full! Asked why and all I got was sorry but card invalid sorry for inconvenience, card booked with was valid so strange! Asked if tried to take payment even though against booking confirmation said “no” it’s pay on arrival! Asked why invalid but wouldn’t give an explanation and surely think would try contact you if an issue not just cancel!!! Was left with a concert to attend and no hotel and didn’t seem to care! Will not book again here😡",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or20-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experince EVER!,"In case you enjoy a 2 star health reculated breakfast,  blood stains and company of sigrates in your bed, this is the place for you.  We booked the hotel in a hurry and as booking.com doesn't show a bad review on the place we did not pay much attention. When arriving we firstly got a room that was smaller then we payed for, for our sheets to be changed we had to request them for new ones. A handyman brought them up to our room (while heavily stinking of sigarette smoke) and was very confused when we requested him to change the sheets.   It does not matter if the place is not up todate with new furniture or the latest tv but atleast they could keep the place clean( even the tea cups in our room seemed like they had been used before and not washed in years). Unfortunately it was…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or25-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed there for the FA CUP Final,"Clean tidy Budget Hotel ""Does what it says on the Tin"", Reception Helpful and frieindly. 10 min walk from the Tube Station and olenty of Buses if required. Would stay again. A Good place to stay if you want to visit the London Tourist Attarctions. Three City Fans!!",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or25-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly Adequate for the price you pay,"Stayed for 1 night, 2 adults, 1 child in a family room (1 double bed, 1 single.).  Had to post after reading so many horrific reviews on here!  I was worried, but needlessly.  Check in was quick and the receptionist polite and efficient. Room was clean & of an adequate size. Bathroom was tiny but shower was hot and good water pressure.  We did have a leak from the sink but put a towel on the floor and informed reception the next morning. Tea&Coffee, haidryer and safe in the room. Only 1 thin pillow per person so bring another one with you if you like 2! Breakfast & coffee good, limited choice but all included in price so I'm not going to grumble! This is a London Hotel, with parking and breakfast included in the price so all in all extremely good value for money and I will stay…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or25-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,I went for a business trip. Room was nice and quiet. Proper cooked breakfast. I enjoyed my stay. Much recommended.Polite and helpful staff. Northern line station is 5 minutes walk away. Bus stop is just outside.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or25-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely better than other hotels,I was there for my business and the hotel is really good. Staff is polite. The breakfast was good. I got to park for free for extra hours. Will definitely recommend and I have already booked for my future bookings,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or25-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,I loved the hotel. The room was big and nice. Got sitting area separate like a suite room. The staff was very helpful and polite. Helped us book the tourist places is good price. The breakfast was healthy and filling. Plus bonus was free parking. Will definitely visit again.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or30-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Must read, thief's at hotel  Hotel.","Where shall I start,the 3 disturbing /dodgy European guys that hang around reception all night making you feel uneasy!! Supposedly maintenance,, members of staff smoking drugs quite happily outside front of hotel! check in very brief no information given WiFi code, breakfast etc, no towels in room, had to wait 20 mins and 3 phone calls later then, then what I presume was a drunk member off staff turned up reacking off booze. TV did not work properly, I had to have it retuned!! Room stunk fo gloss as if they'd just painted over all the mold.... After the Second night I was trying to work out how my belongings where moving around the room an i could only think of the cleaner!! I stayed for a week and by the time I got back from work on the fourth day my bags had been gone threw…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or30-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Thanks to King Solomon Hotel,I have spent my holidays in King Solomon Hotel. I have travelled to London with my family and some familiy’s friend. At the end of trip we all were happy staying in King Solomon hotel.we found Hotel location very good and easy access to public transpotation. Hotel’s staffs were very kind and polit. Cosy rooms and very clean servicing. I do recommend the King Solomon hotel to whome travelling to London for either business or holiday purposes.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or30-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect vacation start at king solomon hotel,"* good location- in jews neigbrhood ,golders green,with many kosher restuarants,10 minutes walking to tube,20-30 min far away from center... * the rooms are clean ,comfortable beds,some rooms upgrades,hot water at night,coffee and tea... * the stuff are friendly and helpful what neccasery * the breakfast are good- bagels,bread,butter and jam,vegtebals,eggs and tuna salads,cereals,apple and orange juice,coffee machine",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or30-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and welcoming,Smooth check in. Close to the underground with good connections to city centre. Easy to get by car from airport. There was free parking available at the hotel which was also very convenient. Good & quite location.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or30-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay,I have recently stayed at King Solomon Hotel for bussiness. Very simple but Nice and clean rooms. Newly refurbished bathrooms. Breakfast staff very helpful. I really enjoyed my stay and will be back soon.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or35-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",XXX,"On arrival, we had to change room, as the one we got was of poor quality. Pictures of the hotel on Booking.com are definitely misleading.The quarter is not bad though, plenty of small restaurants where you could have dinner.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or35-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst place ever,This was without question the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I have been travelling since I am 1 years old. I am 56 now. In all my travels and all my years I have never been in such a horrid place.  The people were rude. Terrible. Food horrid. Room awful. Noisy. No way to sleep. Unclean. Falling apart. Never cleaned room. Never made beds. Never new towels. Nothing!    First intro was at 2am when in the freezing and pouring rain the vile desk clerk told me that my 8 year old son and I would have to come back in 12 hours bc ( even though my wife and I communicated several times via phone and email that we would be arriving at 2am) the room wont be ready until 2pm.  Finally with the telephonic assistance of my wife and an hour later - after having been ignored like garbage -…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or35-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Xxx,"We had our stay for one night that we didn't enjoyed ... Someone from the staff with the keys open the door of my room at 9:15 they say to do a check for the alarm that the night before rang, this is unacceptable they could do it ones the room was empty NOT DURING PEOPLE SLEEPING INSIDE IS UNACCEPTABLE",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or35-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever.,"The staff were really helpful but the rooms were dangerous for the public health. We have changed 3 roomsd untill  we left the hotel in midnight after arguing with the receptionist. And to be honest the guy didn't even speak because he understand completely that situation we got throw.   The worst hotel ever. Rooms dirty, broken windows, a smell of weed in the hotel, carpets full of stains. Never visit again",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or35-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do not recommend this hotel,"We had a very bad experience here. We left a body scale worth £90 in the room and clothes , the same day we called to explain, and the staff who barely spoke English were argueing  with us and telling us that nothing was left in the room and even disputing the price of the scales.very shocking .The room had damp too .We do it recommend this hotel .",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or40-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",ONLY for 1-2 nights (should be last resort!),+  Central location (tube station is close) Price  -  Paid WiFi (very expensive) No lifts Narrow corridors  No room service or anyone to help you with carrying your bags Breakfast (average 4/10) No very clean room upon my arrival (first impression counts)  Overall 3/10,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or40-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Very,very basic","If you like a hotel looking came down extremly you will be right here. Simpelst rooms with technical failures like missing heating thermostat, crashed bathroom lamp. Defect shower hose and a curtins strip fallling off on top. Breakfast at its simpelst way, no cheese or meat or ham ... Free coffee and juice or something colored.... toast beagles and jam... cocked eggs, always hard  and a chaotic patking area. Please try this hotel if you plan to convice someone to hate london, otherwhile plan to stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or40-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't ,"Stayed here although entrance and breakfast room looked good, the room we stayed in was poor poor quality paint work rough, carpets stained,en suite shower broken missing bits and terrible smell of drains like all been plumbed incorrectly. The Beds sloping very small.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or40-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, clean hotel - very comfortable for family of four.","I was a concerned about booking this hotel after reading a lot of the comments on here! However, this hotel is a simple, pleasant hotel and I'm very happy that I stuck with our reservation.  This was a family booking - two adults, one 6 year old and one 1 year old baby. They happily supplied a cot and we were given was a large, clean and very comfortable family room. It was split into one lounge and one bedroom both with TVs. Tea and coffee facilities were also provided.  Another plus was the free parking. We were allowed to park all day Saturday and all day Sunday even though we had only booked for one night.  Oh and they happily served me a beer after the bar had closed (We got back quite late on the Saturday after a day of sightseeing)!  There's free breakfast too and…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or40-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You cannot go worst then that!,"Extremely poor atmosphere the place is very dirty and very unwelcome! The overall experience is so bad that is quiet difficult to write about this place, is hard to find worst than that in London! If you want my advice just avoid this place absolutely!!!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or45-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Reviews!!!!,"Had a one night stay at the hotel and have to say it was an absolute pleasure staff friendly and helpful, room large, clean and everything that you need, bedding clean, towels white and fluffy, thair is some scything Reviews about this hotel...!! All I can say is that if you want five star pay for it, this is a budget hotel, easy access to everywhere in London, local bars and restaurants are plenty. We cannot recommend this hotel enough, breakfast was plentiful and in a lovely room, someone actually complained that thay had to make thair own toat(pour little snow flakes!!) unlimited coffee from a machine what's not to 😍 love, it really annoyed me some of the reviews, you get exactly what you pay for a budget hotel at budget prices, clean, convenient, good service, friendly…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or45-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just don't go!,"We were a family who had booked a family room.  The picture shown on TripAdvisor (above) was what we expected but, after a march through endless corridors supposedly in the process of renovation, the room we were given was nothing like it.  In fact the children with us did not want to stay but, late at night after a long journey, we really had no option.  It may be a northern word but everywhere was ""scuddy"" except the bathroom which was acceptable.  It was the surprisingly decent breakfast and the staff that made this review ""poor"" rather than ""terrible"".",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or45-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Frightening Experience...,My son and I arrived here close to midnight one night after a long day traveling around London. We were shown to our room and went straight to bed only to be awoken 2 hours later by a flood of running water coming down through the light sockets from the ceiling above. The water was flowing down onto both of our double beds!!   I immediately went down to reception to alert the receptionist then went back up to the room. After 10 minutes of a no-show I had to go back down and ask the receptionist if he was going to come up??  When he finally came up to view the room he didn't seem at all shocked by the occurrence which by his reaction was obviously a regular one!!  He offered to give us a different room but I just asked him to call us a taxi to get us out of there!  Once we got…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or45-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Could do with some paint,"The hotel is a complex set of opposites. The staff on reception were friendly and helpful, the bathroom and bed was modern and clean but the wall had crayon marks on it and the stair carpet was worn and looked unclean.  The door was broken to dining room so you had to use a different entrance, not a problem but the walk way was not particularly pleasant. There was an outer part to the breakfast room but this looked as if the canopy was damaged. Breakfast was basic and nothing much for vegans. Charge for WiFi which did not bother me but my daughter thought it was expensive.  Lots of staff around dining room but don't think any of them spoke English, so no conversation.  This has the potential to be a better hotel but it needs some TLC.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or45-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Mouse infested! Disgusting, dirty, falling apart, stinks of cannabis! Never again!","We were two adults with our three small kids (1-4,5) for 4 nights. It was a complete disaster of a place. We chose it because it was supposed to be Kosher, and located near that area we needed to be (Golders Green). After the location the positives of this place finish.  We had to switch rooms 3 times. The rooms are all grimy and disgusting, the windows were covered in mold! Everything is old, and needs to be completely redone. The breakfast was gross and stale. The whole place is very family UN-friendly!   It stinks of cannabis! Especially the ground floor. We spoke to the reception multiple times, and they said they would do something, but it never happened, and we suspect it to be some of the staff members. In general the staff were not helpful or friendly. I had a constant…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or50-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgustingly dirty,"The hotel and rooms look nothing like their webpage. On their website it looks like a really nice hotel.  This hotel is not expensive, but not worth the money!  I checked out after the first night... was supposed to stay 6 nights.  The rooms were very dirty, stains on bedding and carpet. I felt like i couldn't take my shoes off. Even showered with shoes. Pillows really thin. Shower did not work properly.  Got a room that was upstairs, was really hard to get my luggage up alone.  Hallways were disgusting, very dirty, food lying every where. They didnt even bother to pack their cleaning equipment away... was in the hallway.  NO FREE WIFI- their wifi charges I thought was outrageous.  When checking in others also complained about their room.  Breakfast room disgustingly dirty!…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or50-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel. Dirty and falling apart. ,"Positives: None Negatives: When we arrived the guy on reception tried to charge us £108 rather than £75. There were two other guys who were listening to music on their phone. There was a smell of cannabis and they were either stoned or didn’t have a care in the world.  The corridors had just been painted so there was paint splattered all over the floor. There was a foisty smell throughout the hotel and it was just dirty.  In our room the beds were what looked like camp beds and were very creaky. There was a tiny window so the room was really hot. There was a fan but as there was only one plug socket it was so far away there was very little impact. The fan just threw dust all over the place. There was a chair but this was ripped and tatty. There was a little kettle, but as there…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or50-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",For the not so fussy,"We were 2 adults and one child. We fit comfortably into the attic room which had sufficient space for all our luggage. No fridge, no a/c, no fan. (We were given a fan when we asked for one but made us feel like they were doing us a favour. One would expect that during a heat-wave fans would be provided even if not requested.) It was a trek to climb the narrow stairway to the attic, with all our luggage but we closed a blind eye since the room wasn't the usual shoe-box normally found in budget hotels in London. Price-wise am not complaining either but the hotel wasn't all it was made out to be. The Dolce Vita Restaurant (part of the hotel), is where breakfast was served but although one could see the restaurant from the foyer, and a glass door clearly lead to the restaurant, we…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or50-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Different !! Could be worse but could be a LOT better,"I'll start with the positives.  For the price I was expecting a shoe box room but it was spacious, I've stayed in hotels 3 times the price and the room was 3 times smaller so definitely a big thumbs up there. The location is perfect too.  It's true what they say however that you get what you pay for.... the whole place needs a deep clean, the website shows a bar but it is never open, access to the restaurant is through a dingy corridor with flickering lights ..pretty creepy! The restaurant toilet ...well let's just say I was desperate but preferred to climb up the steep 3 floors to our attic room than risk using it.  I was travelling with a 4 year old and a 65 year old lady..we had a lot of luggage and it really is a steep uphill narrow struggle to the attic...I know it's only 2…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or50-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible visit Faulty towers would be better ,"I arrived and trekked  up steep flights of stairs to a tiny attic room ( harry potters room was bigger ) . The camping style ,barely any springs in the base , thin mattress  bed was bigger than the wall to the bathroom . You had to you move the bed to get to the bathroom .   When I arrived in the room , It sounded like a stream was running next to the bedroom ! Sadly it was not the case , as it was the toilet ,continually flushing /running . I tried to use the phone to notify reception only to find the phone dead ! When I went down and told reception she replied yes that happens they knew full well that it was an issue. How this hotel was full up I is beyond belief . How it isn’t shut down I am not sure.  There was no attempt to fix or apologise or refund my money  for stay .…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or55-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful!! Stay away!,"We, 2 adults and 2 kids, 5 and 8 years checked in for 2 nights. Asked to pay upfront which altrady set off alarm bells! We had to stay the 1st night as had kids with us and no time to book elsewhere. This place is awful and is not a hotel. At best its a hostel! I had to pay £98 for the night and was refunded the 2nd night that I cancelled. Food hygiene a 2!!!!! We didn't even bother looking at the options. The bar wasnt open at all as advertised. The back garden area was closed even though was 31 degrees. The door access to the garden was looked and was not accessible for health and safety reasons??. The hallway is disgusting. Ripped flooring, dirty walls. The room simply awful! Family room 2 fold away camp style beds!!! Manky stained carpets. Room stank like a sewer. Bathroom…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or55-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,"I visit with my family and first the attention on the reception is very bad. They are very rude, specially an old man.  The building is completely destroyed, dirty and bad smell.  They don’t change the towels and don’t clean the beds.  And the worst you have to Pay for WiFi: £3 for one hour. This is shame!  ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or55-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed experience,"Plus points - It is cheap and accessible to central London - It's located in cosmopolitan Golders Green - The staff are nice  Negatives - Room was tiny and run down - The hotel as a whole needs a lot of work - Breakfast was awful - Parking a lottery  If you see spending time in the hotel as part of the holiday, don't bother. If you just want somewhere to sleep, this is a viable option.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or55-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dump,"I stayed here for a night this week and it is one of the worst places I have stayed this year. Reception area looks nice on arrival but it goes downhill from there. Corridors are dark and dingy with room number signs hanging off the wall. The corridors look like they have never been decorated so there is concrete on the floor and the walls are just plastered with no paint. The room was filthy, clearly hadn’t been cleaned for a long while. Stains all over the carpet and bedding. The bed was a battered old mattress which you could feel the springs through. Definately need replacing. It is situated on a busy main road so a lot of noise throughout the night led to a disturbed sleep. Limited parking due to large vans taking up most of the spaces. Didnt try the bar and restaurant due…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or55-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",room very small,"the rooms  are very small   no WIFI free as all the hotels  9 GBP for 24 hour  too much    no air-condition  bath room very small   price very high compering other hotels in same erea  ,  breakfast  very poor   , cold aggs   , no cheese",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or60-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good Basic Hotel,This was a good basic hotel in a good location. The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. The breakfast was basic but ok. It is nice and close to the train station and there a lots of nice restaurants around it.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or60-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Surprising,"After many negative reviews we have read about this hotel we weren t sure if to come...  after very late check in (4 am) we went up to the room. All the way to the attic and we were surprised. It wasn t dirty as the reviews said and so on. Everything was as it should be. Clean bedding sheets, bathroom, towels and toilet. It was nice trip, we would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or60-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,"I went in this hotel 1 year ago more or less and is a really bad experience!! The room was dirty, the personal not helpfully, inside the room was really cold. My room and the rooms of my friends had the same problems! ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or60-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing. ,"On arrival the outside of the hotel is poor and not very welcoming.  At reception there was only one person on the desk who was serving the people in front of me. The receptionist barely spoke to them and half way through checking them in - answered the phone. He then proceeded to answer 2 more calls before finishing checking them in.  Whilst checking me in, the ‘gentleman’ was very rude whilst explaining to me that I couldn’t check in before my friend because she was paying. So I then added if the bar was open so I could wait, he then proceeded to tell me the bar was closed with no explanation as to why.  When giving me directions to the room, i asked if there was a lift. The response I received was ‘this hotel is 120 years old, of course theres no lift’ as he laughed at me.  …",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or60-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stop for wembley stadium ,Well what can I say. It is run down. The floor in from the reception to our room on the ground floor was like walking on a trampoline! Room was cleanish.  New carpet.  It was 80% there on the cleanliness. Towels a little threadbare. Mattresses could do with an upgrade.  But for the money was bearable.  Little worried that the fire exits were proped open at gone midnight. Meaning anyone could come in.  Breakfast!! Don't do it. Tuna and sweet corn and egg mayo. Cucumber and salad!! Not for breakfast. We stuck to toast and jam. Wish we'd of just gone off the McDonald's!.  All in all it was OK. I wouldn't say great. But for a bed for the night and free parking it was fine. Not too sure we'd go back. ,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or65-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just Don't,"Paid £59 so wasn't expecting much but the rooms were filthy, bin bags and dirty laundry left outside my room, no hot water, nowhere near enough power outlets and charging £9 for limited WiFi is an absolute cheek!   Save your money and look elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or65-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay in a good location!,"I found this hotel to be fine, and a bargain price as well at £65 for a single room. Had a good nights sleep, as no heat on in the room, and no traffic noise or rowdy guests. It was a little small, but what can you expect for £65 in London?  I was disappointed there was no traditional English fried breakfast available, so ended up having toast, cornflakes and coffee. However, we did find an excellent café just around the corner from Golders Green tube station, called ""Bar Linda"", which does a really good fry up for just £4.80, which I can highly recommend! There's buses running up and down Golders Green Road, every few minutes day and night, so great public transport links to the tube station and beyond!",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or65-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I recommend other places rather than this one,"So... I must to say that probably only one advantage of this 🏨 is that this hotel is close to the Northern line Tube and Golders Green station. However the inside of this building is... not good. So narrow corridors without lifts. Rooms are very small. It is visible that some of them were refreshed a little bit. The smell of paint is present inside but it's far away from London's standards. Also the regular price seems to be high. I'm sure that you'll be able to find something better even closer to the city centre. The staff is ok, helpful and nice for guests, but the breakfast could be better, much better in such hotel.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or65-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ,"Honestly I even cannot understand how is possible that one hotel like this one can be still open!  My bf and I spent just one night there cause was a rush temporary accommodation for one night and we found availability in this hotel, ok from the pics was looking not crazy but not a shame like for real was.  Absolutely dirty, a lot of things in the room were broken and the staff not nice as well.  Even if you have to spend one night near this area stay away from this hotel.  I usually don’t like write bad reviews but this place really shocked us! ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or65-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Experience,By looking at the pictures for this hotel I thought it would be a pleasant stay. However it was not...As we walked in the hotel it just felt bad...I had my 8 year old daughter with me and she didn't feel safe throughout our stay there. Cleanliness should definitely improve. I left the towels on the floor for them to be changed when we left the room and when we got back in the night they were still there with no new towels been left. I even had to go at reception one day to request toilet roll. The mattress of the single bed had a hole so it was not a very comfy sleep. The bed sheets they used were not big enough to cover the whole mattress so as soon as you lied there you ended up lying on the mattress. The beds on one of the days were not even made for us.  Breakfast was a…,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or70-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I made an error trying to save some money,"I made an error trying to save a bit of money staying out of the city and out of the mainstream hotels. It's a mistake I won't make again. The shower was but a trickle in the morning (room 8), the dining area only had a 2-stat hygiene rating and it felt generally like you were staying in somebody's house. In the end I didn't save money because I had a huge taxi fare back from the city!",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or70-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel should not exist ,All I’ll say is I checked in and walked right out and gave them back their keys and I had a 2 nights non refundable booking but I was willing to let go. Nothing in that place looked or felt right (security or cleanliness). I can’t be paid to lie down on the bed I saw in the room it just didn’t look right. I won’t stay here for FREE ,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or70-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just horrible,"The photos on the website and on hotels.com make this look quite modern and presentable...  In reality, this is nothing more than a B&B doss house... the rooms are tiny, dirty carpets, scuffed walls old tatty furniture.  The bathroom is the size of a cupboard and very uncomfortable.    The room was closed with the heating on which made if feel like a sauna, I had to turn the radiator off and have the window open to make it almost comfortable.. not great as it is on a busy road, so not good for sleeping  I dont care how cheap this place is, it is not worth the money..  Pay 20 or 30 quid more and go somewhere that is not the KING SOLOMON hotel",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or70-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good 3* hotel ,"We are 2 couples that planned to spend a night in London. We find this hotel on the internet and we thought it wasn’t a bad idea, until we had the experience. Point nr 1: no hot water whatsoever. Point nr 2: breakfast waiters having breakfast at the same time and on the same room as the guests. Point nr 3: no communication between staff and clients. Point nr 4: last hygiene rating from 2014.  Breakfast buffet with not a lot variety but not bad quality. Anyways, not coming back. Over staffed with no good skills. ",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or70-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Incredibly disappointing,"To be honest, I will usually refrain from writing a bad review because I'm not sure whether my bad experience was a one off and I don't want to damage any reputations. However, this place was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. It was unplanned and I had to find a place at the last minute. The second I arrived, the staff did not show me to my room, pointed to a door and seemed annoyed when I couldn't find it. I went to have a shower and the drain was blocked by hair so that the shower immediately filled up. When the man came to fix it he left hair in the show. There wasn't time for the water to go hot. The heat was switched off so the room was the same temperature as outside (December). Someone came into our room at 8am. The TV didn't work. You have to pay 9 pounds for…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or75-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",don't book,"this is a very unpleasant accommodation, floors  un even , shower door not straight , very odd how it's all put together , not worth money at all unfortunately, front of house staff nice enough though , grubby nothing like pictures show which show clean and bright",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or75-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",JUST DONT,This place is so gross! The floors are uneven. We had to switch rooms because there was literally cum on the couch and hair and boogers on the sheets. Even with new “clean” stuff it was still gross. In our second room we were woken up by flooding in our bathroom coming from the shower above. The staff was less than helpful and it was overall terrible.,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or75-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"fairly good location, but that is a s good as it gets! we had a fire alarm in our room that would go off just before we went to bed several times, i phoned the reception only for them to send someone up who didn't seem to know what he was doing 45 minutes later? then woken by the same alarm in the morning, i phoned the reception and didn't seem to care. Then the breakfast.... well it just cant be called a breakfast a few boiled eggs, tune and egg mayonnaise?! wouldn't stay here again in the future as you can probably tell haha!",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or75-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I ever visit,"The rooms was tiny & dirty. The 'breakfast' was too poor (2 vegetables, tona salad & egg salad - it's not breakfast!) You could hear the room above you walking. Do yourselves a favor, go somewhere else.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or75-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely dire. Photos are deceiving!,"Absolutely horrendous. The only good thing about this place is the reception staff, because whilst we had a nightmare trying to even find a suitable room, they were very helpful and friendly. We paid for a double room, and when we checked in, we were sent to a room which was tiny. So small, they could only just fit a double bed In there. There was mould growing on the window sills, and up the curtain. The bed was as good quality as a camp bed, and there were stains on the carpets. My friend is asthmatic, and therefore we requested a change of room, which the reception staff happily sorted for us. The next room was just as small, but it was cheap, so we were going to make do. That was until we walked into the bathroom. There was a huge pool of water covering the bathroom floor,…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or80-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not fit for purpose,"OMG we paid £69 and my goodness you do get what you pay for but even so I thought there were some health and hygiene laws which have to be met!! Check in was quick and easy, guy on reception was very nice. We had to go through what seemed a maze to get to our room including via the tradesman's entrance, cold and dirty. On the way up to our room this is when it all started to go down hill. We could smell weed which got stronger and stronger as we neared our room. The smell was so bad we had to put a towel under the door to stop the smell coming in. We went to turn the telly on which wasn't tuned in and neither could my husband tune it in, so no telly! we went to make a cuppa but the plug socket was no where near the kettle so we had to boil it on the floor. We went to have…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or80-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T,"Room in the roof, had to move the bed to open on-suite, (HA-HA) bathroom door. Plug kettle in on the floor as there were no power points close. The chair in the room had the most insecure legs and there was NO wi-fi in the room. Just NOT to be reccommended.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or80-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed. ,"Me and my partner stay in this hotel for 3 nights. We came to Visit London. Staff are friendly but hotel is dirty our room was on first floor, it was like walking through labyrinth to get to our room. Room was very small and needs a bit of paint on the wall. You could never get a good night of sleep, the road is very noisy and every morning someone beeping the horn, and when people use to go to their room all you could hear is the door slamming.  Breakfast I can’t even call it a breakfast, nothing was refrigerated, serving tuna mayo, egg mayo, salad, toast or cereal for breakfast. The juice were sour.  The location was ok but I’d rather spend more money and get a good night sleep and proper breakfast.  Wouldn’t stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or80-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money. ,"We stayed here for a total of 4 nights. Very cheap compared to rest of London. Very easy to get into the centre of London from Golders green station which is about a 5 minute walk. Room was clean and had fresh towels everyday. Breakfast was basic, toast and cereal but we didn't expect anything extravagant for the price we paid. The staff were fantastic especially Akos and Christian who were extremely friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were okay and had everything we needed. All in all it was a pleasant visit and was fantastic value for money close to central London. We'll definitely be back. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or80-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay but good stay,"Good hotel, nice value , clean , comfortable, not much noise . Friendly staff at checking. I recommend for a short stay, good value. Public transport not too far, easy to find, easy to get by tube or cab, done both. A good location with loads shops, restaurants.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or85-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The price reflects the hotel standard,"The hotel is ok, not great. An old building that needs some maintenance. Our room was clean and spacious 4x4 meters, with a 2x chairs, kettle, double bed. It was at the front of the hotel so you could hear the traffic. The bathroom was a bit naff, shower holder was broken, door was jamming so could not open/close properly and it didn't have a lock on.  Breakfast in the morning was ok, dont expect anything fancy. Cereal, tea, toast/bagels,  salad and tea, coffee and juice from a vending machine.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or85-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Adequate for a short, one/two night stay with great transport links! ","The room was clean and didn’t appear to have any signs of dirt, grime, or anything else that other reviewers have commented on (Although I can only speak for our room). The hotel is in a great, safe location, being just a 10-minute walk away from Golders Green Station, and is only a short tube ride away into the middle of London (i.e. Leicester Square). Probably wouldn’t stay here for more than a couple of nights but the hotel is great for sightseeing/attending events in London and if you’re not going to be in the room very much other than to sleep. They also let us store our luggage after checking-out as we wanted to travel around the city a bit more before we had to leave which was great (although they don’t give you a reference number for your luggage or anything so use at…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or85-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Will for sure come back,"The hotel is much better than what is mostly said around here. The staff is very polite and helpful. The room I stayed in was clean and comfortable. I just wish breakfast had more variety, salads in the morning is just too weird for me.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or85-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"We are 5 peoples family . The 1st family room proposed by the hotel was on ground floor, carpet was stinking and dirty. We refused it and asked to change it. The 2nd room was a messy old room with 4 beds. They bought us a old bed-spring, a dirty mattress and let us manage the 5th bed by ourselves. The carpet was also very dirty. The second night, we paid an additive cost to get 2 separate rooms on the 2nd floor. They were quite better.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or85-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I cancelled my room which they said was free of charge but then took my money, tried to contact manager over 10 times and they made excuses such as they was on holiday or not on shift. I emailed and left them my number and they never got back to me. Terrible service.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or90-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,Can not complain about hotel as we only stay one night but the room was nice a comfortable and the price good for what we expected. It's more of a stop off hotel just to rest after a day sightseeing. Very close to underground and if I had to stay again I would,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or90-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ms," I really enjoyed my stay.  The hotel was very clean and the location was comfortable. I think for the price this is a good hotel. The underground's northern line is some minutes by walk from the hotel. The area around has a lot of shops and restaurants. I really appreciated all the help the reception gave me and my family. Waji especially, he was very friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or90-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible service ,"I was going to this hotel for the first adele show that was cancelled.  Anyhoo I called the hotel as soon as I heard the show was cancelled (to see if I'd be charged if I cancelled) I was then told I'd be charged fully (I fully understand that) but then told it's not the hotels fault she cancelled ( I didn't say it was and felt that comment totally uncalled for) anyway I left the resignation and decided to travel down to London from Leicester as I really didn't want to lose money for nothing! We traveled almost four hours then we arrived at the hotel with plans to leave what we didn't need and travel back into London!   We went to reception gave my name, to be told that my reservation had been cancelled and they re booked out my room I booked four months previously! This really…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or90-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Eamon cullen,Best value for money in London on tube line bus stops outside close to Luton airport  Rajesh is the best and most helpful  receptionist he will go the extra  mile  for you  the job I was doing overran and Rajesh  shuffled to keep in our room  This is a Jewish area so breakfast will reflect this I have stayed here for 8 weeks this year and all way get parking  ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or90-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,Hotel is OK but the guy on reception is a star. Nothing to much trouble.  Ask for wadjif. Handy for Northern line.  Area is mainly Jewish so plenty of kosher restaurants about.  Affordable clean but don't expect a full English.  Boiled eggs toast. Coffee machine is good. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or95-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",good location for trips into the city 15/20 mins by tube,"The room I had was newly decorated and clean. Wajid on reception was friendly and extremely helpful.  Being on Golders Green high street you have easy access to bus and tube stations. London centre can be reached in15/20mins as can Kings Cross St Pancras.  If London centre gets too much there are a wide range of café and restaurants along the high street, covering most tastes from fast food, oriental, Turkish , Kosha, ice cream or coffee.  Off street free parking is an extra bonus.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or95-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, fine for a night or two","I stayed at this hotel for one night with family while we were due to attend a concert at Wembley stadium.   Firstly, the reception staff were very accommodating and let us leave our luggage before check in, which allowed us to do some sightseeing without having to carry our luggage around.   The single rooms are TINY consisting of a bed, desk and chair, small TV, and adjoining shower room which looked like it was newly refurbished. The decor of the rooms however is very dated.  We didn't have breakfast so can't comment on that.  It's maybe at the lower end of a 3 star hotel and I wouldn't like to stay here for more than a couple of nights, but if you're looking for somewhere to crash for the night after a gig then it's fine.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or95-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Strange hotel,"The doors on the rooms are terrible. Ours kept rattling through the night from the wind coming from the main door being open and closed. If it wasn't for the heavy lock on the door it would've probably blown open.  The floorboards were really creaky throughout our floor which kept you awake.   You couldn't go to the toilet in peace as the door wouldn't shut, and kept opening itself.   We would've requested to change rooms through the night due to the noise, however, we were told that we had 2 minutes from arrival to decide if we liked the room or not.   Another little thing, items within the room hadn't been pat tested in over a year. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or95-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,Booked in for a overnight stop on Saturday 24th of June we had already paid upfront found it to be very dirty we did even get our overnight bag out of the car should not really be allowed to be called a hotel its a disgrace avoid at all cost ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or95-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"£59 for bed and breakfast? In London? At the weekend? What's not to like?  Well, I'll start by saying that you really can't grumble about anything at this place given how little they charge. However, that should never be used as an excuse for some of the problems we encountered. Given that this hotel is a series of houses knocked together, it is perhaps inevitable that the corridors and stairways are going to be on the narrow side. But they shouldn't be as shabby and smelly as they are. And I'm sure that the relevant authorities would be interested to see the fire doors propped open.   My single room was on the second floor. The walls were filthy, the door didn't lock properly from the inside and there were no towels. The lack of towels was addressed very swiftly, however.   We…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or100-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Okay-ish,"Upon arrival yesterday morning the lady on the front desk was absolutely lovely and super helpful, we arrived early for our check in and they put us in an attic room on the 3rd floor.   The room was clean and tidy but nothing special, tv and tea making facilities and basic bathroom, however the shower pressure was incredibly poor. Bed mattress was comfortable however the bed itself looked like ""put me up bed"" as it felt very unstable and wobbly. Bedding was clean and basic. Major downside for us was that the velux window had no blind so when the sun came up it was very bright. Corridors seemed to look constantly under cleaning as there was dirty sheets in the hall upon arrival and at 12.30am when we returned from the concert.  Breakfast was basic: tea, coffee, juice and then a…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or100-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Its ok,Not sparkling by any means. It's a number of buildings knocked through into one. So the hallways and stair wells a grim to say the least. The room numbering system makes no sense at all so actually finding our rooms was a challenge. Noise was something of an issue for me. The people in the adjoining rooms seemed to think slamming doors was compulsory and we all heard every foot step of people passing. On the plus side. It's close to central London only a few stops from Kings Cross on the tube and a short walk away from Golders Green station. The rooms themselves are basic but clean and the beds were comfortable. There was no extra charge for one person occupying a double room and the continental breakfast was fine with a wide choice on offer. The area itself is safe and…,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or100-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Low budget, good location","First of all, it is a low cost bed and breakfast so... we weren't expecting much.  The good parts: * located close to an underground station * quiet neighborhood with good little restaurants  * friendly staff  The not so good: * the room cleaning was on the surface only: towels changed every day, vacuumed and that's it; the bathroom was never cleaned. * the shower was either really hot (about 40°C hot) or boiling hot - no way to lower the temp. * the hotel needs a bit of maintenance done  Tips: The hotel is situated in zone 3 of London so, if you're staying for a week or so, no car and planning to visit downtown often, get an Oyster card with a week pass - it will be much cheaper. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or100-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Low cost, low everything","If you want a low cost place to stay, easy to access and don't mind the lack of comfort, go there.  Pros: free breakfast (toasts, salads and cheap coffee), underground Golders green 10minutes walk, free parking if you have a car, in room bathroom, they keep your luggage if you arrive early or leave late...  Cons: needs a good refresh overall, not so clean bedroom and bathroom (bed was done every day, garbage emptied, quick vacuum and there was the cleaning) Shower towels were changed too but we had to get the new ones at the front desk 4x in a week. There was only hot or boiling water in the shower.  Wifi $$ and slow  Will not come back for sure!",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or100-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not good , Not happy with this place as I got put in a box room witch do not show on there website so here are some true photos of room 36 out side my window the room I can only put up so many pictures bet will be putting more up after this post   Post Id 6/7/2017 ,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or105-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap hotel but dirty, smelly and expensive WiFi. Good parking.",I stay in a single room. When I entered the tiny room I wasn't sure if it was the toilets or the never cleaned carpet but the room smelt of urine. Being on the first floor the dilemma was to leave the room with the windows open (and take a security risk) or keep them shut and return to a stinky room. There is no lift so if you are on an upper floor you need to drag your suitcase up a tiny staircase.  The room had no towels. So I had to go to the reception and get these. Towels were taken away every day even if you didn't want them to be changed but were never returned so always had to be asked for. This happened every day.  Walls are paper thin and you can hear everything. The bed was soft and mattress should have been changed 10 years ago.  Breakfast is awful - cheapest…,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or105-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and horrible!!,"The hotel is extremely unkept and not clean at all! First room we was given had mould around the windows and in the bath. After a hard negotiation my family and I managed to get moved to another room, which was a slight improvement compared to the last. No mould but instead wholes in the carpet and clearly not dusted for a while. Both rooms were cold and the hallways stunk of fish. Furthermore, breakfast was advertised as a buffet. However, we were presented with a choice of cereal, toast, tuna mayonnaise, eggs, cucumber, tomatoes and toast. No fresh juice, no fruit, no yogurt and no hot food. The whole experience was terrible! If only I had read trip adviser before booking :(. I defiantly do not recommend this hotel to anyone. ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or105-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful Hotel - avoid at all costs,"Spent one night - 17th May 2017. The room was like a cell. HM Prisons are better fitted out! Lights took ages to get any sort of brightness. WiFi didn't work. BBC channels didn't work. Tacky furnishing and sticky floors. Legs on main chair were wonky and about to fall apart. Bizarre food offering at breakfast. Reception staff couldn't care less.... I only work here mate - not my problem! Worst hotel experience for a long, long time. Will NEVER go back in a thousand years.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or105-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,Hotel provided everything we needed. Room was small but we were only after a bed for the night when visiting London. 5 minute walk to the underground and breakfast was very basic. I'd book here again. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or105-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Poorly maintained,"I booked this hotel as we were visiting London to attend the boxing at Wembley Stadium. The location is great as it is 5 minutes from the M1 and 20 minutes to the Stadium by an Uber taxi (traffic permitting). When you walk in to the reception it is nice an spacious, nice decor and friendly staff.  The corridors to the rooms are quite narrow with uneven flooring. The rooms we booked were two doubles 46 and 47. They are a fair size with room around the bed. If you want to use the kettle you have to put it on the floor to reach the plug.  The whole place is poorly maintained, our room had a broken window handle which was loose so was a pain in the backside to open! The sealant around the shower tray is frankly shocking! The bed wasn't even made properly and the duvet cover was too…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or110-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid Hotel,"Outside the area looks dirty and horrible, inside isn't much better! The first room was on the second floor, heating was on FULL so was like an oven, couldn't turn off the radiator, windows full open still cooking, the beds are like put me ups, the mattress on the double was appalling, large poking out springs wouldn't even put a dog on it. Got moved to a second room, again radiator couldn't be turned off, when movie night the single beds together the walls were covered in damp. Breakfast was included but was only chopped salad? Toast &boiled eggs, hardly breakfast at all! Bit of a rip off. However staff were friendly and helpful. But would NOT stay ever again.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or110-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"Don't know why people are complaining.  The hotel is in a good location, on a bustling high street with several restaurants and small supermarkets.  A ten minute walk or few minutes bus drive to the tube station.  Most of the staff are pleasant and friendly but there are a couple of grumpy ones.  The beds are comfortable and whenever we were not pleased with the room we were moved to a better one, you just have to ask.  The breakfast is monotonous but the new coffee machine is a welcome addition.  My main gripe is having to pay for internet, it used to be free a few years ago.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or110-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don´t even think in going here,"If you want a dirty hotel, dark, old, smelly, with a basic and weak breakfast, unfriendly staff, 15min walk from the tube (imagine rainny days) and in zone 3, no basic conditions, no free wifi, no minimum room service, this Is your choice.  Small room, no heating or air conditioner, miserable bathroom (hygiene products are a shower gel industrial size that was used by everyone), no hair dryer, no clean towels (2 clean in 4 in our case), bed with broken springs, sheets were never changed in the 3 nights.... breakfast in uk without cheese... whihout ham... without scrambled eggs... without bacon... only bolled eggs, bread, butter and jelly, and a machine for coffee and milk and another for juices and water! never saw anything like this! first time in my life!  Zone 3 tube…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or110-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do not go there if you have an alternative,"We went with friends - most of us had single rooms - I think 5 sqm rooms with shower and WC. It was not really clean - but we thought ""ok for one night"". But to be honest - nobody could sleep or sleep well during the night. The ""one point"" I gave is because of the very friendly person (a she) at the reception.  We will not go again. For sure!",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or110-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Utter disaster,"Okay so we're a family of 4 and we just wanted a five night stay at the lowest price possible. Well for the price the hotel is an utter disaster. Lets start with room its self .. the bathroom had a cracked toilet .. the bath did not have any antislippery tiles .. which made me fall and bruising my leg through the rest of the trip. The double bed was not comfortable at all .. on side  was lumpy and the other was stiff which was weird !! And not to mention that we had a beaten refrigerator as a view ! English breakfast only consisted of eggs, tomatoes and bread.  So basically we were stuck eating that for five days as breakfast. Not to mention the fact that the hotel is in zone 3 .. so the money we thought that we saved from the trip we still ended up using them to travel to the…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or115-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Average Hotel, Good Price for the Location","The hotel itself was average, and the whole place smelt like sewage. That being said it's pretty cheap for a hotel in London, there was parking available and it's cheap to get an uber in central London.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or115-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel ,"The bathroom was filthy, the walls were very thin (you could hear everything from the other room), our window was broken and the people working there weren't very friendly. Probably the worst was the ""continental breakfast"". It was simply gross. Not a good stay, never going again!",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or115-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel and great staff,"I stayed there in room 63 for 2 nights the hotel was quite good had no trouble at all the staff was really good and gave me the brilliant service, specially one of the receptionist name Mr wajid was really helpful and provide everything i need, i was very delighted to stay there and will definitely come back again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or115-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I expected ,"Crew is great,gave us everything we needed. The room was cold they brought us another radiator, we bought milk and they gave us a refrigerator.  Water was very hot,we  just needed to wait 3 minutes for hot water because the pipes in that room was far from the heating device.  THERE IS NO KOSHER SUPERVISION although they it's kosher, and that's why they get only 4 stars...",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or115-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place we've ever stayed,"I've never written a review on here before but really wanted to urge people not to stay here. We had the triple room, no.14 and there was a really awful smell of sewers compounded by the very hot room. There was no option to adjust or turn off the radiator so had to open the window which opened onto the very noisy road so kept my daughter awake.  Pubic hairs on the bedding, whole place run down and shabby, wifi very expensive, basic breakfast. On the bright side the location is good for the price!",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or120-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel,"So I understand this hotel is a budget hotel and I knew before I booked in what to expect from reading the damning reviews by people who previously used this ""hotel"". On my arrival my first thoughts were the external of the building was so bad I thought it should be a health and safety hazard i.e the pillars holding up the front of the building are in need of immediate repair.  I booked in with the receptionist who was in no way polite and I didn't feel I had just entered a hotel!  We then proceeded to our room, the corridors on our way was a big sign of what to expect from our room! When we entered  the room he beds were basically camp beds, the bathroom was mouldy and there was no way I would have used the shower.  We immediately decided to exit this ""hotel"". I feel this hotel…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or120-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"When we arrived the man behind reception was lovely and friendly. Gave us our key and we went up. The room was pretty cold but the main issue was there was bits of plaster in the bed. It was really uncomfortable and I didn't feel like it had been cleaned. Also there seemed to be work being done in the hotel which is fine, but it would start before 8 and was right above our room. The workers were shouting to each other the entire time whilst drills sounded like they were coming through the ceiling.  It was a cheap stay but I don't feel like it was worth the money.  Wouldn't stay again",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or120-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific,"I had a university interview to attend at Middlesex, so I booked to stay at the King Solomon during February 2017 with my mum as it looked ok on the pictures, we were only booked to stay for one night before heading to another interview in Brighton. Upon arrival at the King Solomon a male member of staff on reception was very aggressive as I questioned why I had to pay £75 for our room as I initially thought it was already paid for I only asked and he got very loud shouting at myself and my mum to which my response was ""ok that's completely fine my mistake but may I have a receipt just incase"" which he made a fuss over. Heading to the rooms the corridors were tight and twisty which proved difficult to manoeuvre around scratching my art portfolio to pieces. When we got to our…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or120-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from hell!!!,"We booked a room and the room that they gave us was freezing as there was no heating in it. So we asked for another room and the receptionist said there was nt any available so we can cancel at 12:30am with 3 kids and go somewhere else!!!! Obviously we resisted and told him to check for us again, surprisingly a room popped up. As there was 5 of us we were short of one bed so we asked for a mattress and he said we can carry it all the way upstairs to the second bedroom (AFTER A 5 HOUR DRIVE) We couldn't do that so 2 of our family members slept in the room they told us to take the mattress from. It was 3:00am in the morning when one of the staff members barged into that room and threatend to call the police if they didn't leave. One of our family members got a migraine attack and…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or120-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again!,"Perfect location (5 min walk to the tube) but nothing else going for it. They were decorating the room next to us so had people banging doors, music blaring and them talking at the top of their voices at 8am Sunday morning. Wet tissue thrown at the ceiling and left there. Ok for the price as it was only £89 for the night so suppose you can't grumble at that. ",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or125-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad,"Dirty room, bad smell, attended in order to stay for 3 nights and didn't even slept 1 single night there. The location is great for those who are interested in kosher food, there are Shabbat meals with Beit-Habbad nearby, but the hotel is really uncomfortable.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or125-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay with friends ,"The hotel does not look so appealing from the outside. The receptionist was very friendly and welcoming. However hotel needs a refurbishment ASAP! The corridors and stairs are old with paint peeling off. The whole place smelt of bleach and cleaning equipment such as a Henry Hoover and products were left at the bottom of the stairs. The toilets are decent but could be made so much better if they just put a bit more effort in to make it look presentable. We walked into the room, and was blown away by the heat! The radiator was on full blast and absolutely boiling hot. It was broken top so we couldn't turn it down ourselves. Called reception and they sent someone after around 15minutes of us melting in the room, he turned the heater off using a spanner. The room itself was decent,…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or125-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Solomen hotel,"Stayed on a Saturday night paid £54 with parking. 10 minute walk to underground. Was absolutely fine for 1 night for the price. Sheets and bathroom were spotless...this not a luxury hotel as reflected by price. Breakfast is Kosher and is limited but was fine. Had fresh orange, cereal and toast. Very easy access back to M1. Would return.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or125-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",visit to london taking in a show,tube station and bus station 5 mins away easy access to central london left car at hotel during whole stay car parking ample and free away from the noise of london centre staff helpful reception manned 24 hours,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or125-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusted by hotel and staff,"Didn't stay here unless you count checking in and checking straight back out again as staying. On the way to the room i was already wary, there were hand written signs on bits of scrap paper (rooms, toilets this way, etc) Got to the room and the door barely opened, when i did manage to get in the carpets were stained, the bed was a campbed with one off the legs broken, the ariel for the tv had been ripped from the wall and there was mould in both the room and bathroom.  Went back to reception and said we were leaving due to the state of the hotel.  We were meant to be staying 2 nights, they refunded 2nd night but refused to refund 1st night as there was a cancelation policy which i doubt applies if your leaving due to the terrible condition of the hotel being substandard. The…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or130-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Wifi is very expensive,Main issue with the hotel is the cost of wifi. £9 for 24hrs or £1 for an hour. Then you can only use it on one device. Not suitable for someone on a work trip.  The corridors are a bit banged up and could do with a bit of clean up.  Room was fine for a couple of nights but not sure if I would return.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or130-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap comfortable  beds ,In need of a tidy up hallways need licking of paint floors need replacing carpeting. No bath or sink plugs however very comfortable  beds and quiet rooms. Breakfast was very poor really fruit juice and coffees selection of Ceareal toast however only 1 toaster so was a queue for about 5 mins as was coffee machine. No hot food was only salad stuff boiled eggs and cold scrambled  egg oh and tuna and egg sweetcorn mayo which none of these were in a chiller cabinet. Accommodation  good food not but cheap for london,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or130-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",not luxury hotel but excellent value for money,"The hotel provided everything I needed at a very good price., The staff was friendly and very helpful, the room while small, was clean and comfortable and had everything I needed . Also the breakfast while not luxurious, it was fine and I enjoyed it. I would go back again - it was jsut what I needed.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or130-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not for families,"Stayed here for 2 nights, very disappointing on every level, dirty, scruffy, worn out, cold, breakfast was very basic and the only hot food was toast..... heating was not on but luckily I always carry a small  fan heater when I am working away...... I honestly have not good to say about this place.....",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or130-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bed and breakfast bargain,"All the basics are provided for here, a clean, warm small room, hospitality tray, tv, a shower with hot water. The staff are pleasant and helpful, the location is excellent. The breakfast of fresh salads,tuna, eggs, toast, warm drinks and juices was plenty.  This was perfect for us, we would certainly return.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or135-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic at bargain price,"This is bed and breakfast for a very low price. Basic facilities are provided for. The room is small but clean and warm. Hot water in the shower, no room for a wardrobe, just a rail so clothes were kept in the suitcase under the bed, they could add some shelves. Hospitality tray provided, there is soap and shampoo. The staff were pleasant and very helpful. Please note because the hotel is certified kosher, meat cannot be provided at breakfast, but the salads were fresh and plentiful. You can have as much as you want with warm drinks, juices and toast. The location is excellent. We came for business, there is an area for meetings but no business facilities. We found exactly what we needed and would definitely return. If you are looking for luxury, go elsewhere and pay a lot more!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or135-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre at best,"An Unfriendly staff , a clear Lack of cleaning, narrow access  and tight stairs meaning a lot of difficulties with bags but  rooms are huge and  its cheap so it's ok i guess breakfast are disgusting though .just dont expect too much ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or135-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Its ok,"Its cheap... Sadly its very loud from the streets outside and kinda damp. The nicest of the staff was the cleaners. The bed was comfy. Breakfast was included, toast, cereal. Not alot but ok. But u gotta pay for wifi. 10min walk to the subway. Close to camden wich is nice. Its allright.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or135-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good relation price-quality hotel,"The hotel is nice and well located. After my arrival I complaint about the quality of the room they put me in, but the lady at the reception was very nice and took matter of the issue immediately. I was sent to another room with better conditions and very comfortable. The breakfast is also acceptable. However I wouldn't recommend this hotel to people with some mobility difficulties, as it has too many straight corridors and also stairs. There are no lifts.  In general I'm pleased with this hotel and I would stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or135-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",RUDEST PEOPLE I'VE EVER SPOKEN TO IN MY LIFE,I didn't even make it to this hotel as the person I spoke to on the phone when trying to book turned nasty and offensive when I asked if there was any alternative to make payment other than sending all of my bank card details via email!! Expedia had sent me an email that said at the bottom 'DO NOT SEND CREDIT CARD OR SENSITIVE INFORMATION VIA EMAIL'. I think this is a pretty reasonable request but the woman on the phone clearly had absolutely no patience and was very rude to me! Not the best way to gain custom. I can't even begin to imagine what she would be like in person!,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or140-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great location close to everything,We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and felt very comfortable. From the very helpful front desk to the great breakfast with smile every morning we could'nt ask for more. The location is wonderful and very close to all kinds of transportation. We are happy that we chose this place and will return in the future.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or140-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Will never visit again.,"Me and my boyfriend chose king Solomon hotel due to it being near-ish to the Alexandra Palace (saw Chase and Status)- it was cheap and close, win win really. We could tolerate the room for one night, but for anyone staying for more than that- good luck!   The bed sheets didn't fit the mattress properly, therefore we could feel a bobbly mattress under our feet! The toilet system wasn't even attached to the wall and the shower had a mind of its own with the temperature-not ideal after having an awful nights sleep.  Then finally the breakfast (or should I say lunch at 9am). They served cucumber, tuna, tomatoes and egg mayo? Sorry but I expected a full English breakfast.  The only plus side was that there was free parking. Should have stayed in our car.  In conclusion- I wouldn't…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or140-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Don't be fooled by pictures, awful 'hotel'","The fact I have gone to the effort of signing up to trip advisor just to rate this hotel speaks volumes. Have a tiny 'triple' room on the second floor, being we weren't spending much time here we didn't mind but it's now 3am and we have had to call the receptionist up as the radiator doesn't work and even with both windows open the room is about 47 degrees, we have got absolutely no sleep because of how uncomfortable it is and needed to take turns standing in the bathroom to get some fresh air. The room is dingy and grubby, really poorly lit, nothing like the pictures at all, will not be returning.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or140-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",This is a small hotel.The environment is quiet.,"the hotel was the offer of our tourist agency,in our group arrangement of two teachers and 9 children,who came to London to explore it.It is a small hotel,with clean rooms,friendly staff.Breakfast wasnt big enough for our kid,who like to eat all the time.I think it is a Jewish quarter,the environment is uiet,people are friendly.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or140-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely budget hotel,"Booked before reading reviews on here, and was apprehensive after reading some bad reviews. Thankfully there was no need to be worried. Located a short walk from Golders tube station, the hotel is basic but clean, cheap and the rooms are lovely! Only thing we hated was the continental breakfast... A full english is a must have! Get some scrambled eggs, bacon and sausages on the breakfast menu and we shall return!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or145-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for my trip,I'm struggling to see why there is so much negativity about this hotel! I stayed with my friend as we were attending Wembley for the football and this is fairly close to the stadium and the underground. Check was quick and our room (111) was an ample size and actually had 3 beds! It was very clean and had a decent hot shower and towels and a good size to on the wall! Breakfast was ample (but missing cooked food). It was a cold selection but there was cereals toast and bagels to chose from and my latte was very nice. Ideally placed for everywhere you want to go in London and easy to find from the M1. Will definatly stay again next time I'm in the big smoke,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or145-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",So unbelievably Rude. Zero Customer service,"Omg! I have never seen anything like it. My parents were supposed to arrive on a certain day and didn't due to their visa being refused for omitted documents. I was charged for no show by the hotel which is fine. My fault as we got so wrapped up in trying to understand the refusal and putting in a fresh application. I called and a very rude lady picked up. She never let me explain myself properly as she kept talking over me. When I saw I wasn't getting anywhere, I asked to speak to her Manager hoping that he'd be sensible and we could reach an agreement as my folks still intended to stay at this hotel. Previously, I had recommended this hotel to at least 6 people. 4 of whom I was sure lodged there and paid. I had also stayed there with my sister when we had accommodation…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or145-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not good at all. Avoid ,"The room was dirty, carpet ,duvet cover, cables hanging on the wall, no hot water in shower, breakfast only cold,like tuna with sweet corn,diced boiled eggs, only good was coffees machine, never again,sink in toilet blocked, toilet is no change to walk normal as so small,staff was ok but not receptive at all,",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or145-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Soloman Hotel,"The WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. Very dirty, damp and basically falling down !!! The staff are very unfriendly and watch over you whilst you eat the very basic breakfast that is provided!!!! I'm only glad we didn't spend much time in there, two nights was enough never again. I really don't know how this hotel is able to stay open !!!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or145-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable!,Really enjoyed the hotel the bed was exteeemly comfortable the staff were pleasant the room was spacious clean and warm didnt get a chance to try the free breakfast but id assume that too would be lovey! Definitely will return next time we head to london ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or150-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The MOST HORRIFIC PLACE!!!,"This is by Far the WORST place that we 've Seen in the WORLD, between the RUDE, UNFRIENDLY ""Front desk"" people, treatment and room, I don't know what else i could say to alert travelers to NOT GO & STAY there.....oh but wait, there IS something else:  -They FALSELY advertise WiFi in room, but as sign of pic posted here, it clearly shows that they charge and charge a LOT for it, and attention to detail, they charge for EACH DEVICE used!!!! ABSURD!!!! NEVER AGAIN!!! (BTW)We left the very next morning after a sleepless nite and made them give us a refund for the paid extra nite!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or150-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place,"Dirty, disgusting room in a very old building. Totally overused mattress, with a huge hole in the middle, dirty pillow case. Very poor breakfast, no ham, no vegetables, no british food at all. Totally disappointing place, not recommended to stay there.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or150-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Place!,The hotel room was terrible it was dark and gloomy the lighting takes at least 5 minutes to come on. Trust me it's not worth the price and the reception staff are racist. They should re-name it Solomon Grundy Hotel!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or150-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad. But the service needs an improvement,"If you're on a low (or let's say ecominic) budget - I recommend this hotel for you. It was pretty ok when it comes to the rooms. There is no elevator and pretty narrow staircase with slightly high stairs. The location is not so great- i mean, within 6 minutes of walking we had a Tube we could take, but after 4 full days of traveling we understood how much time we had to spend of just getting to where we wanted to get. On the other hand, if you're jewish and keep kosher - there will be plenty of kosher food for you- restaurants and supermarkets. So after 10-12 hours outside it was nice to eat in a place that feels like home. If you are relatively old couple I recommend to find another transportations solution from this hotel out to the center. We were women in their 30s and the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or150-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusted and a Flea pit!! Never Again,"On arrival as soon as I entered the front door to reception the smell of the hotel made me heave! It smelt like a sewer and the room smelt the same. The floor in the rooms were that stained and dirty I couldn't take my shoes off, I would not touch that carpet with my feet. The shower was broke and hanging down, and had hairs in the bottom around the plug. There was dirty laundry pilled up outside the door of our room and all down the hallway. I didn't even attempt to eat any of the food from there!   I left itching and feeling dirty, it was a flea pit! I would NOT advise anyone to stay here.   Worst night ever!!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or155-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Save your money and avoid disappointment.,"I booked to stay for a week in the King Solomon and was thoroughly disappointed in what should be described as more of a hostel than a hotel. Based on the prices, I did not expect the Hilton conditions, but this stretched far beyond comforting. The only positives I can give is the location near the centre of Golders Green and not far by tube or buses to central London. Some staff were also friendly, but unfortunately the same can not be said for the breakfast staff who do not even acknowledge you with a smile or good morning. Breakfast consists of tuna mayonnaise and sweetcorn,  egg mayo and assorted salads, I kid you not - who thinks to serve this up at half 7 in the morning?!? I assume the hotel is also under renovation at the moment because I was rudely awakened a few times…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or155-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and not friendly,The hotel is minimalist. The shower was broken and took 2 days to have it fixed. When we had shower the steam triggered the fire alarm and they shout at us because we left the toilet door open. BTW the door could not be closed because broken. People at the reception was the minimal friendly. Breakfast is OK but coffee is terrible.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or155-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",reception most helpful,Antonela and Jobanjeet were most helpful in reception. nothing was too much trouble for them. The rooms were neat and tidy. Location was good. near restaurants and public transport.good value for money,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or155-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The staff are wonderful,Jobanjeet was amazing. So helpful. My room was beautiful and comfortable. The maintenance man (who I have forgotten the name of) was very great too! I highly recommend this place for those on a budget.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or155-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Very outdated, dilapidated","Property is old, horrible, building should be torn down, in 21 st century 3-world countries have much nicer hotels, this property is a shame for London, even Victorian one, I stayed for 3 days in August that i want to forget as quickly as possible",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or160-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,I stayed here for one night and was impressed with both the facilities and the price of the hotel. Location is great and enjoyed my visit to the Golders Green area. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or160-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Very disappointing as dirty and more like a student doss house. Water leaked through ceilings in bedroom and landing. Shower full of black mould and filthy carpets everywhere. I couldn't recommend at any price. Staff at breakfast never spoke and seemed incapable of returning my smile. ,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or160-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dropped son off in Finchley Road to start university,"Would defiantly stay again rooms were clean , staff were very friendly . The breakfast was good . Only problem no hairdryer. Will come once a month now . Michelle a very happy guest . Also a very nice bar we took drinks to our room x",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or160-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely outrageous!!,"I have been there for a night on a Friday. Definitely I won't be back! We check-in at the reception in the evening the receptionist was bored,distract, unpleasant trying to quickly get everything done.We received the keys and that guy intimidate us to be quiet and checkout maximum for 10 a.m. that's ridiculous first time in life be treated like that in a leisure business. We went though the main entrance looking for our room in this dirty and retro stile corridor with the carpet barely attached to the floor. Colonies of spiders and other creatures were proliferating undisturbed for the hotel. The door stuck and entering in the room that seriously lacked of light we could clearly feel an horrible smell of decomposition.The tv wasn't working and the toiled so small got a towel as…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or160-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst place ive ever stayed!!!!,I stayed here with a co-driver for one evening and it was one to many. Please do not stay here if you want a decent stay especially if you have young children as their is black mould in the rooms and is pretty much a building site. How these people can stay open is beyond me trading standards will be contacted save your money you would be better off sleeping in your car please do not give these people your hard earned money they do not deserve it its an abomonation.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or165-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",small and average,small hotel in a old building no elevator front desk staff is foreigners not british and not always helpful breakfast was under average tuna and eggs location is good in goldersgreen 10 mints from subway station very cheap and average hotel,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or165-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",total nightmare,dont know where to start....... We booked 2 nights for the wembley rugby final. Decent distance from Wembley. Close to Tube. 1st night.... noise of banging doors loud conversations in the corridors went on until 2am. Brought this problem to the attention of the night staff who sort of had a word with the room below but it continued for awhile longer. NO apology given. just shrugged shoulders. 2nd night.......problems continued.....came across a group of teenagers sat on the stairs and landing having very loud full blown conversations. Extremely loud banging doors until 1am Approached management yet again Who couldnt even be bothered to apologise at this point. Strong smell of fust/damp in the full building. Curtains didnt draw together. I thought at one point may have to sleep…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or165-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Leave early in the morning and return late at night ,"Walls are paper thin, you could hear the neighbors steps. Weird hallway, no wide enough for a baby stroller, with a step and or a door every few feet. However, great location, ~1 mile from the underground station. ",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or165-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and basic!!,"My family and I have just come back from a stay at the King Solomon hotel. We paid £76 for the 3 of us with free parking and a continental breakfast. We were greeted at the door by a family who said ""it's a s@@t hole"". We checked in to a modern looking reception by a very polite gentlemen and were given room 54. Walking to the room there was a slight smell of drains but the weather was very hot in London. Opening the door we were very surprised. Our room was very clean with what looked like new bed sheets and the bathroom was small yet very clean. Beds were comfy with some sounds from outside but you are in a city. On arrival for breakfast we were shown to a very pleasant outside area. Selection was minimal but enough. Toasts and bagels, boiled and scrambled egg, tuna and sweet…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or165-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",shock,"hotel itself looks terrible,room smel where we stay was unbereable.i think the old carpet on top floor was overheated from sun.coridors outside the room too naroow..noise at night was too loud from outside the main streat road and neighbours.we couldnt sleep in room with closed wondow becouse the smeel of carpet.breakfast  i couldn eat ...i hate egs...thats all was for choise.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or170-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",London family trip.,"Basic budget hotel, breakfast included very good. Tea making facilities in room with lots of tea bags and coffee. Although out of the way only a 10 min walk to Golders green tube station on the northern line. Would stay there again 4 adults and two children two room for one night under £150.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or170-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and unpleasant,"The sheets were dirty, the shower was broken, the towels were wet. The only redeeming quality is the location, cause the hotel is relatively close to a tube station. The wi0fi is paid and the price is too high.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or170-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap accommodation in convenient locale.,"The staff is extremely helpful and do their best to fill your wishes. The rooms are clean and breakfast is quite adequate and the serving staff helpful and friendly. Obviously for this price you cannot expect a feast. Booking is not exactly efficient and my advice is to check several times and to make sure you have a letter/email of confirmation. It is a good idea to check your room before you sign in. The staff are very good about changing rooms if possible. There are all types of rooms, and if you are upstairs, the stairs are steep. Altogether very good value for the price.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or170-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",you really do get what you pay for,"i booked our stay through laterooms and was pleased with the price, after booking i thought i would just check it out on tripadvisor OMG i was horrified, i prepared myself for a great disappointment, what a pleasant surprise, good reception, informative. clean room, well appointed, efficient shower and plenty of hot water, breakfast was fine, the people who winge on endlessly about tuna etc should consider the fact that it is kosher, i am not and it certainly was perfectly adequate for my husband and i. off road parking FREE, close to buses and tubes, shopping and restaurants, what more can you want, it doesnt pretend to be a spa resort,",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or170-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,I had two nights booked at this place and didn't even go back after the first night. The rooms are smelly and dirty. The sheets and carpets had stains from who knows what. The shower leaked onto the floor and did not drain correctly. The toilet would not flush. The hallways were always cluttered with trash and dirty bedsheets and the smell was terrible. The advertised WiFi had to be paid for separately. A complete disaster. Do not stay here.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or175-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You dont even get what you pay for,"Although I suppose by Londons rate this hotel was relatively cheap it isn't Central London and it isn't really value for money.  My biggest gripe id they charge £1 per hour for wifi for EACH appliance which is ridiculous  Bathroom is probably the smallest I have ever had.  I appreciated thatbecause hotel was kosha that breakfast might be limited but continental breakfast consisted on no meat, no cheese, no fruit juice etc. I about turned and left",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or175-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Think again,The pictures the hotel show are nothing like what you actually get.  The room was dirty with mold growing up the wall in the shower.  The shower didn't work. There was no bedside lamp and one power point.  I had to put the kettle on the floor to boil it. Broken furniture in the room an I was woken up by the cleaning staff hitting my door with a trolley. Twice. £9 for wifi per day.  Breakfast was not good. Tuna mayo!   The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I can let some things go but I expect it to be clean and at least have a working shower.  The place needs pulling down.,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or175-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Ignore the awful reviews, it's cheap, clean, comfy and a PERFECT stop over for Wembley for the night","I was really worried about staying here after reading so many mixed reviews, but I honestly cannot understand how people can complain about this hotel. We were watching Coldplay at Wembley and last minute decided to stay so seeing as everywhere was fully booked we stayed here, £60 for a double room with breakfast included AND free parking, what more could you ask for!? No I wouldn't stay here for a week, but for the evening it was PERFECT, yes the corridors are small and could do with a lick of paint, but who cares!? The room was clean with fresh white sheets, bed was perfectly comfy for a nights sleep, it had new carpets, and the bathroom was brand new and had a lovely shower. Breakfast was perfect, a quick bit of toast and a nice cup of tea and off we went. If you are thinking…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or175-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",More of a high class hostel than a hotel!,"Very poor quality hotel. We were placed in a tiny little attic room that was more like a hobbit house from the shire! The bathroom sink was covered in red/brown stains and there was no toilet roll provided either. Advertised as breakfast included with the room but not entirely sure how a buffet of tuna and sweetcorn, scrambled egg, cold hard boiled egg and cucumber works as a breakfast in all honesty?!  Would not recommend at all.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or175-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,We paid £99 for the night for 4 people in a room with 2 double beds.  There was parking out the front and the entrance was modern and well decorated.  The hallways and the room were not so well decorated or maintained but what do you expect when you're paying £25 each a night in London? the TV had been smashed but we weren't bothered anyway as the room was only a base for us to change and sleep.  Would definitely consider this hotel again when we're next visiting Wembley stadium. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or180-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Its no Hotel. Its a Gesthouse (and not a good one),"Bad maintenance, Tiny room, Horrible steps and corridors leading to the rooms with lots of banging doors in the corridors. Noisy, dirty carpets with big stains they are trying to hide with furniture and very poorly furnished. The room has a kettle with tea and coffee. No air condishiner, no mini bar. Towels are given only by request and they didn't change our bed sheets the whole stay (5 days). Breakfast was the same each day (5 days of): butter, jam, bad lookind salad and boiled eggs, bread with optional toaster, hot drinks and orange or apple juice from a machine that didn't taste so bad but didn't taste so goo either. Staff was nice but the weird thing is that you have to pay in advance when you arrive (maybe they know that you might change your mind if you only took a look…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or180-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay.,After reading review on TripAdvisor we expected the hotel to not be up to our standards. When we arrived we got our key and went straight to out room we was shocked at how big the room was and how nice the bathroom was. Our room had 4 single beds - baring in mind there was only 3 of us. The room was clean and provided with everything we needed. When it came to breakfast we was not very impressed - we knew it was kosher but we still ate what we could.  Would definitely stay again but just would not eat breakfast. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or180-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Crap never again ,Well booked Twin got a double bed had to pay extra for a twin. No Bar No English breakfast  but you could have had there version of Continental breakfast Tuna Mayonnaise sweet corn Egg Mayonnaise White boiled eggs Dicey Salad . Rooms Dirty never again will I pay £95 for one night absolutely disgusting. ,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or180-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",not worth the money,"arrived at the king solomon, to find it was nothing like it was advertised online when we booked. the room itself was fairly big. the bathroom was so small that you couldnt sit on the toilet without tucking your knees under the sink, the bathroom floor was all cracked, no hot water ( even though it had been run for a few minutes). the curtain tracks didnt even meet one was higher than the other so couldnt close the curtains properly. there was no direct phone, hair dryer as stated on the card given to us. the kettle didnt work. its loud at night inside and out the building banging doors, people playing loud music outside, that loud the police were called. who serves tuna mayo and tomato salsa for breakfast? thank goodness for the cereal toast and bagels they had. the staff…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or180-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",basic but OK for the price,"I stayed here on a Saturday night in a single room. I paid £55 which included parking and continental breakfast and I consider this good value especially as this was a football weekend with high demand for hotels in London and near Wembley. Although the corridors were a bit plain and undecorated, the room was pleasant with TV, shower and the bed was comfortable. I had 2 flights of stairs to my room so anyone with mobility problems should request a room on a lower floor. The breakfast was cereals, toast, preserves, eggs, tuna etc  i.e. no bacon, sausages etc. but this was made clear at the time of booking and for me personally was enough to start the day. Overall I have no complaints for the price I paid.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or185-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",basic hotel for holiday,good hotel for visitors who like to tour all day and just to sleep in night. The team are very kind people. Breakfast has the same menu every day. The price is fair. good location. The bed is not comfortable. Hot water in shower. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or185-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not again. Old and dirty,"Triple room in this hotel for 3 night. Bad experience.hotel far from the centre and at 10 minute to golders green station. Personal not friendly. Wifi not free, TO PAY! Room very dirty and old. Moquette dirty. No frigo bar. Breakfast very poor, reduced choice. NO LIFT.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or185-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding weekend,"I spent 3 nights in the hotel with my family arriving to celebrate my cousin's wedding. The hotel was basic, small rooms, narrow corridors like a labyrinth, very basic breakfast (kosher). Bathroom/toilet was tidy but extremely small, bed mattress was too soft but I turned it over. Staff is OK. Neighbourhood is silent, boring, underground/bus station cca. 1km. Bus stop at the front. Very far from the town center.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or185-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay,"When we got to the hotel and checked in, staff was like they didn't even care.  Pictures of the hotel aren't at all as it really looks like. The room we were in had heating which we couldn't turn on or off. The bathroom was filthy. The breakfast was terrible. I suggest paying a little extra for a better hotel!",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or185-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday break,"This is the second time we have stayed at the King Soloman Hotel. In fact, we have booked to stay here in November. The hotel is a good, affordable base, albeit basic accommodation, with easy transport into London Town. We have found the staff friendly each time we have stayed here. The restaurant is clean. Self service continental style breakfast.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or190-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"This was my forth time at this hotel and i will recommend for anyone to use King Solomon.   The staff were very helpful and friendly, breakfast was very perfect as their were lots of vanities and drinks aswell.   ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or190-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Room 43 family room is large but on corner of main and busy side road and single glazed windows. En suite window has no handle. Sheets are clean but have old marks, had to request extra towel and hairdryer. Beds reasonably comfy. Breakfast combination of cereals, toast, mashed cold boiled egg, tuna and mayo. Coffee had run out by 0830, instant and hit water supplied, juice available. Cleared promptly at 0930. Bar closed for refurbished on Sat night when we arrived! Convenient for underground on northern line.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or190-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Stayed there for one night, whilst on a business trip near to hotel. If you consider it a room for the night, then it's worth it. The room I was In was sort of comfortable with a gold out bed and s really uncomfortable mattress. The shower room was small but was clean in fact the room was clean but really needs to have some money siting out small things. The breakfast was a complete waste of time I would find some where else to eat, you could not even order a cooked breakfast in the restaurant.  Staff what I saw of them were pleasant. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or190-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stay inKing Soloman,Staff were very curteous. They allowed me to park my car till I finished my business next evening. Place was quite tidy. Value for money. But noisy neighbours in the hotel. For vegans not many choices for breakfast. Walkable distance to tube.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or190-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",king soloman hotel the real deal,stayed in the hotel for 3 nites recently + point  fairly inexpensive for london  near the underground golders green stn - points shower u/s windows leaking cold air in heating u/s bed tiny tv u/s internet ( payable ) u/s breakfast tiny not full english noisy rooms  definitely not the right place to stay,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or195-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Run a mile,"This is the worst place I have ever stayed in. The room was tiny, the bed was terrible and the smell was awful. The shower was ok. Tuna mayo or egg mayor for breakfast? I kid you not! Most of the staff were rude and completely unfriendly. The owner threatened kitchen staff with their jobs openly for all to see. The area is not too good either.I wouldn't stay here again if it was for free. I can't express how bad this place is.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or195-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",For the budget traveller only,"Truth be told, they don't tell you it is a fancy hotel, so no real complaints. BUT - you should know this is a very simple hotel with mediocre service. Certainly ""Get what you pay for"" don't mean anything bad by that, just letting you know. Rooms are very small, bathrooms even smaller. Dining area has been renovated and is pleasant. Simple breakfast options. Wi-fi is paid only. Beds aren't to great, but clean. Customer Service example: My room didn't have a remote, I was told, we do not have any more, use the buttons behind the TV screen...which is mounted on the wall I should add.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or195-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Rather unpleasant,"We took 3 rooms for my wife and I, my daughter+ son-in-law + baby and my son+ daughter in law + 2 small children. On arrival the cot we ordered for the baby came without mattress or blanket so we had to obtain these from a relative who kindly offered to help. We ordered a two single beds but were given a very small double room. The shower in our room had only very hot water and it took 3 days to mend! In my daughters room there was no headboard to the bed only central heater and no small light. In son's room there was damp on the ceiling and a blockage in the sink. Most of the staff not very helpful and one was just rude. Breakfast was adequate. Wireless internet is offered at a high price. The position was ideal for our needs. With a bit of effort to deal with small but very…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or195-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Far cry from a Kings Castle .... Do your research!!,"I am not a fussy traveller but even this one stretched my comfort levels. The positives; select staff were friendly, it was close to public transport bus and rail; 5 stops from King Cross Station 10 to Trafalgar Square, plenty of very good dining options close by and breakfast included; cereals toast boiled eggs tomatoes, salsa tuna salad tea coffee juice are your options. The negatives; blood on the sheets!! and had to ask for a fresh set, the sheets weren't big enough and kept coming off overnight so ended up sleeping on the mattress!! the Internet is expensive, if you are a light sleeper this place is not for you, we were woken up every night and early morning by loud thumping, water pipes and creaky floor boards from the apartment above, the room is very small so much so you…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or195-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Anne Franks Attic would have been more inviting!!!!!,"Omg - Words simply fail me for how disgusting a hotel if that's what you can call it. Booked due to location as close by to family and friends - poky, filthy and totally in need of a good going over with a steam cleaner and fumigator.  Mold and damp all the way up the walls.  Furniture falling apart and a bathroom that was so filthy neither of of would dare to use - worst of all it is actually about the same rate as a travel lodge but we couldnt get in there... All in all I think the hotel inspectors and environmental health would have a field day! We all love a bargain and make allowances when staying somewhere for its practicality but quite frankly a stay in Anne Franks attic would have been far more inviting - it certainly would be in line with the period of when some of the…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or200-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Great location and staff were helpful. The room was pretty hot, with no way of controlling the heat (other than a small window) and the hallways were noisy. Though for the price it was and the location it was great value. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or200-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Trip from hell,"I had booked this hotel for 2 nights, and another night the following week for myself and my daughter.We had to climb a filthy stairs up to a attic like room..the room was filthy,damp,paint peeling,beds were only thing clean but they were like children's beds.bathroom window was broke and I had to stuff a towel in it to stop the cold. It was a nightmare.shower not very clean,also no plug in the sink.walls were paper thin ,we could hear every thing from next door.next morning the manager promised us that when we returned the next week we would be given a nice room. We were so distraught that we couldn't return for our next night even though it was paid for.we checked in to a very nice hotel for our last night.this hotel is undergoing renoversations.but these rooms are total…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or200-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Hotel under renovation. It's very difficult to reach the room, there are a lot of doors to nowhere, narrow corridors, dirty carpets, remains of painting. At least the bathroom was new, but very small. In the room also the built-in cupboard hasn't any door. The breakfast is always the same (toast, eggs, coffee, juice...) but the staff replenish the bread with their hands, there are also not tweezers for the guest. In the other hand it's cheap. You have to pay for Wifi, and it's very expensive. So, you decide. I decided not to return.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or200-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"Stayed here for 1 night as was looking for a cheapish place to stay near the East Finchley. Facilities were basic: TV, bed, fridge (empty), iron & board. The heating was not on, also the shower in the morning was far colder than the one I'd have at home so coupled with the lack of heating it was not nice. Breakfast had an array of choice on the buffet but any extras had to be pay for.  Hotel staff were helpful through out my stay, also received free Wi-fi in the price. The area away from the hotel was constantly busy and had a lot of choice to eat and places to go.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or200-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",So dirty I had to move out,"The room was cold, the bed was short but most of all it was dirty. The bathroom was the worst. The floor was sticky and the walls were grimy. It looked like it had not been cleaned properly in ages. I was booked in for 3 nights but I only stayed for one. ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or205-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst!,We went in December and they didn't even have the heat on! They couldn't fix it either. Horrible. We spent one night and then checked out and found something much better. The rooms are nasty and not clean at all. You get what you pay for. We didn't realize it would be this bad. We had a baby with us - this is not the kind of place to take a child. It doesn't feel clean at all. The lobby is done up nice but the rooms are horrible. No soap in the washrooms either. Please avoid!,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or205-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for.,"Very basic rooms for a very cheap price. Perfect for an over night stay in London on a budget with breakfast included and good local amenities. Beds were comfy and most staff were friendly, would gladly stay here again.  The only complaint would be the lack of basic food hygiene of the breakfast staff (long hair wasn't tied back or in hair nets/hats and no gloves were worn when handling the food). Better training is needed.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or205-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Warm and Friendly,"I have been staying now for over 2 months in this hotel Monday to Friday. Even I do not spend too much time - mostly just come to sleep (that's what hotels are for) but I would recommend this hotel to any business travellers. They have a free car park, very simple but nice breakfast( they even let me have breakfast before restaurant opening time). Very clean rooms not very large but for the price I have paid - I didn't except Hilton. The staff is very friendly and accommodating, they have acknowledge me on my second stay and even offered me the same room every week. I've got my second home now!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or205-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay in Golders Green,The staff were helpful and friendly. The rooms were small but good décor and fitted shower room.  Room came with facilities for making tea and coffee.  The dining room was bright and airy and the was a small selection of breakfast available. Would recommend to others.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or205-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Fabulous nights stay, throughly enjoyed breakfast and thought the room was very good to. Can't believe what a bargain it was. Close to local amenities and a short walk from tube.  Will definately be coming back in the near future.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or210-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly reception and as expected the accommodation was very basic,First impression was good but this seriously deteriorated as you negotiated the narrow corridors to the upper floors. Very good value for money as somewhere to sleep.  Parking in the area from 6pm until 8am in most of the side streets is available.  If you are on a diet and cannot eat toast breakfast is brilliant.,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or210-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Warm and friendly,A pretty decent hotel all told. It's not far from some amazing coffee shops in Golders Green and down the road from Brent Cross Shopping centre. Although the bedroom was on the main road I had no trouble sleeping at all. Breakfast was more than adequate. The staff were lovely too...,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or210-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Very happy, lovely place, what more could you ask for?","Me and my boyfriend had a wonderful stay here. I can’t understand why people would post an indifferent or negative review. Guys, this is an inexpensive hotel in zone 3! What do you expect? Lovely to see an independent hotel with strong ties to the community. Thanks guys.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or210-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem,"The Solomon Hotel staff were incredibly welcoming right from when we checked in. I was so pleased at how genuine they were when dealing with our enquires. The room was comfortable and deceptively spacious – this is absolutely true of the beds too! I had a wonderful sleep. The décor is surprisingly modern, I think they must have had a refurb from the last time I stayed, there’s a boutique feel. Okay, no Jacuzzi(!) here but other than that...I can’t see the difference between a hotel that’s four times the price. Must recommend the breakfasts too, all the food tasted fresh and there was a decent selection of hot/cold food to choose from. In terms of location, well, it’s perfect for Wembley, round the corner from Brent Cross shopping centre and a couple of stops from Hampstead which…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or210-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very noisy,"Overall impression was poor and old. The rooms were oke, but the sink of the shower was clogged. We could every sound that was coming out of other rooms. Didn't get any rest at all, because of the slammed doors, people talking loud and running or jumping in the rooms. ",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or215-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst night we've had the misfortune to spend in a hotel.,The only good thing about this hotel was the parking spaces at the front!!!We arrived back at the hotel after watching a show to find the room was like an oven. The radiator couldn't be turned down or off because the control valve was missing. We eventually got to sleep but unfortunately were woken up 3 hours later by extreme noise in the room adjoining ours.  We phoned reception on 4 occasions over the next 4 hours but the noise didn't stop. THESE GUESTS SHOULD HAVE BEEN REMOVED FROM THE HOTEL. Come on hotel management if you can't control disruptive guests then find someone that can!! It's outrageous that our weekend that had been planned for so long was ruined because of the hotel night staff's inability to  control their disruptive guests and also  their couldn't care less…,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or215-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Very cold in the room, cracks in the walls, cold coming in from the Windows","I stayed there with my wife and she was very very cold I rang reception from the hotel phone and from my my mobile to complain but no answer, so checked out early and went to a different hotel that same night. My wife left her ring in the hotel however when I called the ring had disappeared? Very very bad service from a man that calls him self 'Paul' too! Not a happy customer ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or215-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend London Stay,"I thought I would write a review because I don't think this hotel deserves the bad reviews it is getting. I was dreading staying here because of the reviews, but we stayed here for one night during a weekend break to London with our 8 year old. There are certain things that need looking at like a bit of a paint and the carpets need sprucing up a bit and we didn't have a hook for our shower head. But we didn't let these little things ruin our weekend as to me they weren't really a big issue. The rooms were plenty big enough, the lady that checked us in was very helpful, altho we didn't use it there is a nice little bar area. The location was quite ideal as it is about 2 mins from the motorway exit and we had a car park. Golders green tube station is about a 5-10 minute from the…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or215-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Minimal hotel, very slim breakfast","For a jew, the location is great - you are near Golders green and the start of Finchley and the staff are familiar with Shabbat code and necessities, but that's it.  The staff are not helpful or welcoming, the rooms are very minimal and the free wifi wasn't that working. The breakfast is very slim and consist of yogurt and some fruits, basically.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or215-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute ramshackle!!,"The hotel looked decent in the pictures online, nice wallpaper etc.   The staff were a bit annoying asking for ID even though we booked online with a credit card and showed them said card. Almost as-if It was a elaborate plan to steal someones reservation.   Our room was white painted walls which were dirty.Carpet badly fitted, although quite new. Bed was a cheap metal frame with a sunken in mattress. However the bathroom wasn't too bad.   There was a wardrobe right in front of the window blocking light and made it hard to shut the curtains at night and there was people outside the window at 12.30am talking and flashing a light.   Walls were paper thin and could hear next doors tv and talking all night, then woken at 7am by shower etc. There was also a lot of creaking from the…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or220-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",London Trip,We stayed two nights and were very happy with the room which was clean and comfortable.Staff were very helpful.We would go again.Bathroom facilities were also very clean.We would recommend this hotel to our friends.                                         ,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or220-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I booked this hotel for me and my family for a short trip to London for a quiet low price. I expected something worse. Rooms were well furnished, we had the bathroom in our room (didn't expect that), though we couln't have closed the door from it. Also the walls were thin like a paper so we heard when someone from other room was talking. But we did a great time there, London is beautiful and the breakfast were great too :)",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or220-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not so bad as discribed before me,"""+"" Good arrangement and stuff. Always had hot water. ""-"" Paid wi-fi, very small singles, too hot in rooms. Poor breakfasts.  Maybe I should say that this hotel is made of a few private houses, so it's not very comfortable for ladies with big suitcases, heels and expectations.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or220-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,Absolutely disgusting.  Shower filthy didnt work either .  We booked a double room . We got an attic room with slanted celings and blood stains on the ceiling from where people must have sat up in bed and banged their head or nose .  The room was dirty . Staff unhelpful ,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or220-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Book this hotel only if this is the last place left in London,"And for the first time in my life I made a booking without checking the reviews on tripadvisor on eleventh hour. We were given an attic room on the third floor. There was no elevator in the hotel and stairs are horribly small. The room size was the smallest that I have ever stayed in. When I asked if they have any better room then I was told that this was the best room available. So I just wonder what their other rooms would look like. We checked in at 9 pm in the night and had to check-out tomorrow morning at 9am. So we thought that it's okay if the rooms are bad, we have to just sleep. But then we found out that the little double bed provided to us was the most uncomfortable bed that I had even slept on. The bed was made of wrought iron and the mattress was some cheap spring…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or225-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,The double bed was way too small for two people and the corridors smell of smoke the whole place needs revamping! The hallways are narrow and the flooring is very bumpy! The breakfast is said to be kosher but in fact there is no Hechshar!       ,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or225-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible- not what you see on the website!,"From the pictures on the website you would think this is a decent, affordable place to stay in London. But it does not look anything like the pictures! I by no means am fussy when it comes to accommodation but even I was shocked. From walking down the narrow hallway to our room the floor feels like it will give up below your feet and the temperature dramatically drops as you reach the end of the corridor (our room was the very end room on the right). We had to put a heater on (which the room provided- clearly knowing its cold) and even then we were freezing during the night.  Rooms are very small and industrial looking (with blank white walls). Beds were reasonably comfortable but ours had stains on the duvet cover and pillowcases and to our horror we found long hairs under the…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or225-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",could have been 4,Reasonably priced for London and not far from tube. Quite a few places to eat in the area. Decent clean room. My only disappointment was no free wifi. With so many other places offering free wifi it seems that paying by the hour is a bit mean.,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or225-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Average but reasonable rate with free parking, breakfast and close to tube station. ","Stayed here in October 2015 after a late flight into Gatwick and before a 5 hour drive up to the North East. The rate was reasonable, free parking and perfectly fine for somewhere to put your head down for a few hours. Breakfast was included but we left early so didn't make it. The hotel was less than 10 minutes walk to Golders Green Tube Station which on the Northern line was only 15 minutes into central London (no changes needed and £5 return using contactless debit card). Staff was friendly enough, room was fine, bathroom and shower was immaculate and included tea and coffee facilities, towels and a TV. The only downside was the long creepy corridors which weren't in the greatest state of repair and quite smelly. Other than that everything was fine so average rating given.The…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or225-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Less than impressive - the website tells lies.,"I work all over the world and have travelled to many hotels, this place is not even up to the standard of a hostel. I took many pictures while looking at my room then requested another room which was no better. It had stains on the sheets in both rooms ? There was damp stains and mould in the bathrooms and a hole in the floor that was covered with carpet. The man on the desk was very ignorant especially when we walked out even though the rooms were already paid for - I have complained on other websites also..... Health and Safety need to visit this place along with the people who allow it to trade but they do take in a lot of homeless and migrants which fills the rooms and gets them a bed for the night, that is the only positive.......... definate no go for someone looking to…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or230-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic 'hotel' in Golders Green,"I paid $90 (including tax) for single room (with shower, including breakfast). The place was on the northern line which was good for me since I have family in Edgeware. Otherwise I am not sure if I would go there since it is far from the city. It is ~10 minutes walk from Golders green tube station. The place itself was basic – corridors smell bad, staff is very unpleasant. I think the room was clean. No shade on the skylight window (I asked the staff which said there was, thought it is funny that someone took it). Breakfast was more than I expected (fresh vegetables).",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or230-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"I would absolutely positively not recommend this hotel to anyone! Apart from the area being only 20 minutes away from the city (and even then I wouldn't say that's great), this is the only benefit!  The rooms are tiny and reminded me of the room Harry Potter used to live in, there was hardly any room to move and the room smelt very musty and had a strong odour. The bathroom is tiny and you couldn't even sit in the toilet properly because the vanity sink sits right in front of it.  The shower was not hot, and Luke warm at best with very poor pressure.  The bed sheets also had orange/yellow stains on them and the bed was like a camping bed, with a very worn and used mattress that had a massive dip in the middle of it.  I would not recommend this to anyone!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or230-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I really liked it,"I really don't understand why this hotel has so many bad reviews.The room was a little small but we had everything we needed,it was very clean and the bed comfortable and also the bathroom was clean.The breakfast was good,fresh food.The only thing that i didn't like was that the wi-fi wasn't free,except that my friend and I really liked this hotel.I am really happy we gave a chance to this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or230-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",get what you pay for,this was a last min booking for a concert i was attending in london. room was tiny with 2 double beds squeezed into it . bathroom was a bit mouldy smelt a little strange. cant complain though you get what you pay for was happy to only be staying one night,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or230-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all,"We stayed in this hotel in March and despite reading so many negative reviews it wasn't that bad at all. We had a clean room with free wifi and breakfast although poor selection but it was delicious. Price payd was £50 B&B, just perfect! I have booked another night for end of September 2015.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or235-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service and very dirty,"Very dirty, smelled of trash in the room. The staff is very unpleasant and mistreats your request. The breakfast is poor, cleaning team is lazy and doesn't do the job properly. Overall it's very smelly and dirty.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or235-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, but poor service and breakfast","Best thing about this hotel... the location - it is within walking distance of good restaurants and deli's. My room was clean but pokey and looked like it had been recarpeted and painted within the last year (might have been better if they'd sorted the uneven floor out before they recarpeted). The en suite loo and shower room was again very small, with the basin so close to the loo that you had to sit at an angle. The basin was so shallow that you could not fill the kettle - instead you had to fill the kettle by using a cup. The room was described as having hair dryer/room safe.... that must have been either/or as I found the hair dryer, but no safe. I was disturbed by a neighbour deciding to take a noisy mobile call in the small hallway outside my room - after a while, I gave a…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or235-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel we have ever had the misfortune of staying in,"If you're reading this, you may be thinking about staying in this hotel.  We stayed here because of Expedia's wonderful secret hotel deal, where you apparently get a ""quality hotel"" for a bargain price. Well I think that's a complete lie in this particular case.  The hotel location is great, with excellent dining and mini supermarkets nearby, and the free parking is also a bonus, but that's where the good points end.  The halls are filthy, the walls and woodwork chipped and peeling and there is a terrible musty smell to greet you when you walk in - it's like something out of a horror movie........  Our room had 3 tiny camp beds so our feet stuck out of the bottom. There was a TV but no remote, a fixture for a hairdryer but no hairdryer. The sockets were cracked, there was just…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or235-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Maybe Not Fit For a King But Definitely Good Enough For the Rest of Us!,"I stayed at The King Solomon for a week and almost didn't thanks to the poor reviews on this website. Thankfully, I ignored the poor reviews.  The hotel is very well located near to public transport, restaurants and shops. The staff was friendly & helpful. The breakfast is a nice addition and my room and other rooms I saw were large and clean.  Sure,The King Solomon isn't the The Ritz but then again, if you could afford The Ritz, you wouldn't be considering The King Solomon.  If you have reasonable expectations and are looking for a budget hotel that ticks all the boxes, you can't look past The King Solomon.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or235-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Family visit for graduation,"I have already sent a complaint to hotel site. Simply it should be closed down. We experienced a nightmare, filty  carpets, sweat stained pillows, dampness, mould, zilch customer service, shabby surrounds.  We had three nights non sleep, foreign students Making extreme noise, and when we approached reception, eyes thrown to the heavens and told what you want me to do.  The worst was when there was a leak down the wall  which went into socket setting of sparks in my daughters room-(30), she was terrified, as she was sharing with my grand/daughter and is 4 5 mths pregnant .  Her jacket was ruined due to water, carpet was also very wet due to leakage, which triggered an alarm at 3am. The so called maintanance man takes one look, and proceed to relay that there are children upstairs…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or240-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",True statement,"very very basic, the plugs blow up just after our arrival at the hotel as the result of a faulty hair dryer provided by the establishment, the bathroom was not so hygienic, the breakfast was so very simple not even a British breakfast as we live in UK - the managements meeting in the breakfast area and shouting at his staff telling her that room No. 5 is disgusting ((( Funny enough that was our room))) I replied to the manager/ owner that he is talking about my room and all I received a dirty LOOK The view through our Room (96) window was to lots of Toilets, basins and storage area (FUNNY isn't it)                            ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or240-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Simple but nice,"I have stayed with a friend for 3 nights in this hotel. We both had a very Nice stay in room 105. ITS spacey and has a view of the street. Two beds an a remodelled bathroom. Staff was Nice. Im gonna Sum up THE positives and negatives for our trip:  Positive; Perfect location ( only 10 min walk to Subway and busstation) Spacious and clean room Simple cold breakfast WiFi available (1pnd p/h) Safe village FREE parking Modern bathroom Good beds Everyday Cleaning service with clean sheets and towels Flatscreen   Negative; Toilet kept running, after informing staff twice nobody fixed iT Mouldy smell in THE hotel Cold water in THE shower 2 out of 3 mornings No refrigirator No FREE WiFi   Overall experience: This is a good hotel if you are out and About all day and come back for…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or240-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stinks,Checked in a single room last floor the stairs are steep and nobody helps you to carry your luggage. The tv was not working the telephone also not working the toilet was good for  dwarfs and a tiny stink was all over . Matress too soft and pillow too tall. Breakfast with canned tuna and automatic coffee machine not even hot eggs. The reception with two guys with sad smiles. If you have a little money stay away from this place and you ll avoid depression.All in all a terrible experience.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or240-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",used overnight for ac/dc concert wembley,"window broke would not shut ,shower cold. but bed linen and towels clean.Breakfast was tuna ,cheese and cereals not really my thing however £94 for 4 of us was ok and bus stop is right outside.do not think I would stay more than one night but ok for a place to crash",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or240-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I FELT LIKE I WAS GOING TO BE MURDERED,"This hotel was DIRTY, NOISY and the staff were RUDE.  The window was jammed permanently open, and a Greek man sat opposite our window and stared in!!!  As 2 young girls in a foreign city for the first time this was very scary.  The shower only had one temperature, SCOLDING HOT and it was completely covered in limescale and rust.  The bed was tiny and the walls paper thin.  We could hear each and every footstep of the people above, below and beside us, as well as words from conversations and more. There was no lift to take our suitcases up several floors, and staff told us they weren't able to help us carry them upstairs.   There were only sheets on the beds, and as our window was stuck open, we asked for another blanket. We did get one, after the staff member sighed at us...but…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or245-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Great position, dark bedroom and awful smell..","Well the first day I asked to change my bedroom cause there was a dead pigeon right in front of my window! Then it went better! The staff is totally RUDE and unqualified, I said good morning a couple of times but nobody replied :O For the rest my bedroom was clean enough but the smell was awful. There is not lift and I had to carry my luggage up to the 2nd floor.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or245-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Great place to stay,especially with kids!","The room was cozy and space-y. We all LOVED the breakfast! Bagels, tuna-corn-mayo spread, egg-mayo spread, Israeli salad.... Y-U-M!!! Will definitely return there soon! The neighbourhood was safe, clean and quiet, and the location was good - we could easily get around London. We have stayed in different hotels and hostels all around London so many timeswe can't even count, and  this was without a doubt the best one! The room was clean (ok, there was a bit of mold between the  bathroom tiles, but have never seen an U.K house) one of us has lived in the UK) which didn't have any mold!). We can seriously recommend this to everybody (well except stuck-up weiners - if you require luxury, try near Kensington Palace and prepare to spend 700 bucks a night). I had the comfiest bed and…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or245-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheapish but not too cheerful,"We stopped in London and were looking for somewhere cheap and cheerful as we were only going to be staying for one night before travelling on to bruges.   The king solomon was quite cheap but £68 was still overpriced for what you get. The car park was damaged, there was no socket for the bedside lamp, there was no remote for the tv, the lock on the window was broken, the shower was mouldy and the bathroom had no lock. Walls we're also paper thin so we were treated to the couple next to us clearly enjoying their room more than we were. Didn't bother staying for the breakfast.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or245-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Checked out a day early,"We were unfortunate enough to get this ""guaranteed 3 star hotel"" via an Expedia booking, what a let down this place is dreadful. The worst night sleep I have ever had and I have camped in an upside down boat (that's for another day). Noisy, dirty, prison like rooms, badly painted walls, springy beds, crap pillows, endless amounts of draws with not much in them, no clean towels, no remote for the tiny bad picture worse sound TV, the list is endless. We woke up this morning, skipped the complementary continental breakfast and got straight online to book a room elsewhere. Avoid this gaff like the plague!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or245-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!,"The staff of the hotel were very frightening, even making one of our younger kids (7 year old) cry. One of the group leaders was close enough to call the police because of this. We had molds in room number 25, and the rooms didn't smell well, discluding rooms 69,68,71 and 65. The beds were not comfortable and i have to say, that we did not get any rufunds or even a small gift, such as 1 night free internet, because of the large problems we had.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or250-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",dissapointing,we stayed a few nights.good location for underground.breakfast was very disappointing.no bacon or anything just toast.cereal for English.there were tuna mayo.egg mayo salad.cheese ham.even a croissant would have been nice.room we had was a family room was ok but towels were grey not white in colour.had to take our luggage up 2 flights of stairs.no lift.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or250-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIFIC,Do not stay here is horrific needs a complete revamp!! Mould everywhere and damp. Felt dirtier after a shower than before I went in after a day at work!!  There' is no sound proof what so ever could hear everything from outside and inside the hotel !! It's horrible needs to be done out BADLY!,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or250-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Open, and Nice room",Enjoyed our stay at King Solomon. Pleased with the facility and services in the given price. Breakfast was also good and reasonable but do need some extras. Beds were comfortable and clean. Free parking is added advantage.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or250-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Really good hotel!,"I loved it, the bed was supper comfy and the room had everything I needed and more- plenty of cupboard space which I didn't use.   It is perfectly situated among the community and all the shops and restaurants and the library is right opposite. I can't wait to stay there again. I only live a 20 minute drive away but it's perfect for my Shabbat weekends in the area.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or250-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",It was Okay after all.,"I stayed there for three nights last week and enjoyed my stay. It is pretty basic, granted, but very close to Golders Green Tube and the reception is staffed 24/24. Breakfast is reasonable and includes a choice of three salads in a cosy restaurant with a sheltered garden. It is reasonably quiet, but I was never given a remote control for my LCD display TV set. May well go back there again next time I am in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or255-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I won't complain,"After reading reviews (mostly negative) I have to say that we must have gotten lucky :D we got upgraded to a family room (although it would have been a small family room) from a double. I have no complaints about the room, basic yet clean and comfortable - it was what we were looking for. If we wanted more we would have paid more. Location was fantastic, short walk to the underground. Friendly staff for the most part. Breakfast was not to our liking but easily sorted by popping to a local.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or255-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to Wembley,"Stopped in this hotel when i went to watch the famous PRESTON NORTH END beat Swindon Town 4-0 in the play off final at Wembley & was very impressed for the price, very clean, friendly staff, situated 3 miles from Wembley, bus stop right outside, tube/train 10 min walk away. Overall was impressed & enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or255-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff and horrible room,Had some issues with booking prior to stay and staff who emailed me were obscenely rude. Upon checking in to our room this weekend it became apparent that our room was the size of a cupboard and the bed was a very uncomfortable camp bed. Staff were again very rude in person.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or255-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",This place is like something a serial killer would like,"So said my 14 year old. Highlight: Leaving. Low light: Arriving to find the whole area was booked up for Wembley Play Off games (we won, so, it deadened the pain). They started building work at 8am, but I suspect they were just drilling holes to find the source of the smell of death, which I really hope was just a rat dead in a drain.  Everything was basic other than the cleaning, which wasn't even basic.  Stay away, far enough so you cannot smell the place",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or255-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel without Kashrute Certification,"We stayed five nights in this hotel in May 2015.  The physical plant of the hotel deserves a two star rating but the behavior of the staff loses them a star.  That said, beware of the staff trying to foister off terrible rooms to the unwary.  Most of the rooms have been remodeled, but there are still some that are terrible.  We arrived around midnight and were shown to a 3-D room – Disgraceful, disgusting and demeaning.  This room had a carpet that would frighten anyone from going barefoot, for fear of contracting a medieval disease – for that was probably the last time it had been cleaned or seen a decorator.  The light was extremely dim – “Don’t worry it brightens with time” – Does not.  The tiles of the bathroom floor were broken – not cracked – and wobbled – and who knows…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or260-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Be warned to stay away!,"Beware of this hotel, the rooms are nothing like the photos. I'm in a single room that's up in the roof, and yes no lift, and a very tight staircase, the room is very poky, no fridge, and you have to wait Ten minutes for the hot water to come through, they do have internet but at extra cost. I'm sure there are better hotels in the area than this one. If you do book here check it out first, my advice is to stay away.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or260-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not so great,"Have stayed there for a night during the new year. Overall our experience wad disappoiniting. Room was nice and big but we had problem with the room heating.  Breakfast was a complete let down,  was barely any option other than salads.                              ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or260-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",It's a legal scam,"Do not ignore the reviews! If you have already booked and can cancel, do it now. I was a fool and booked without looking at the reviews and when I did it was too late to cancel. Yes, I know. I'm an idiot. Any lingering doubts about that disappeared once we arrived at this complete sham of a hotel.  Totally false representation. It's a legal scam. It's not 3-star, even if it were clean with things functioning. Half the stuff is broken, the rest is dilapidated so it's not a 2 or 1-star either. The latter would offer very basic but functioning facilities and an acceptable level of cleanliness, at half the price or less! Buyer beware!  It was nothing like the photos. Poky rooms. Views from windows were of dirty roof tops and walls right up against the window. Poor state of repair.…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or260-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,I've just come back from a 2 night stay here and yeah it's basic but that's what we wanted. It's away from all the hustle and bustle of central London but had a good transport link taking about only 15 mins to Leicester square. Would stay again.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or260-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Place,"Arrived at the hotel.  Staff were very unhelpful.  Hallway and stairs were very dirty and in need of serious repair and upgrade.  Room was small and ceiling was very low.  Bathroom was clean with plenty of hot water - no towels.  Hotel is extremely basic, facilities are extremely basic.  The whole place needs an upgrade and some serious cleaning and maintenance.  No lift and absolutely no frills.  ",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or265-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate budget accommodation,"I read the terrible reviews this place got - after I had booked - and I admit I was worried! We stayed for one night and it was fine. Clean, adequate and cheap. After all, you get what you pay for - if you want luxury you need to pay more. I would happily stay there again - absolutely nothing wrong with it for the price.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or265-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disguisted,"Would defo give it a 0 bjt 1 is the only lowest rating they have Very disapointed that i had a family emergency and i could not cancel my booking, i rang first thing in the morning , and i got charged £89 its a bnb not a hotel,very annoyed that the staff and manager would not refund my money even though my circumstances was explained £89 gone down the drain without even staying at the place.i have stayed at other hotels if i was making a same day cancellation the managers have all been very understanding but here very rude and not understanding at all very disguisted at the response they gave me.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or265-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible terrible terrible hotel,I can quote 100 reasons never to stay in this dump. Hard to believe that this hotel is in a country like UK. Perhaps tells you the state of affairs UK is in financially. How come govt let's anybody run this place????Noisy- did not sleep whole night. YOu will hear all noises on the road. Generally a disgusting place and unfit to be called a hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or265-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do not even consider this place,"An absolute nightmare. Do not trust the photos, it isn't true. Forced them to move us to another room as we were so disgusted. This room was a little better, except the shower which had a mouldy ceiling, the sink without a plug, the extract fan which was so dirty a tornado could not get through and a mirror in the wrong place by the sink. On the night we stayed it was more like a hostel, with youngsters in and out the building all night and breakfast was pathetic, nothing cooked and with regards to what they did offer, a better selection is available in your local prison.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or265-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the money,Hotel location is very good. Underground train station is walking distance. Bus stand is almost opposite the hotel.Golden Green station area has many stores including grocery & other shopping stores. Banks are also near the corner. Post office is also on the main highway. Main Bus depot is near the main under ground station.                                             ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or270-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",What a horrible place,"This hotel was awful, the worst place we have ever stayed at. Service was awful, room was disgusting. Staff the most unhelpful and ignorant we have ever come across. Never even tried breakfast as everything else was so disgusting we couldnt face seeing what they had to offer. Couldn't get out of there quick enough!!! AVOID AT ALL COST                ",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or270-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The bathroom and the sink of the room is extremely small.,The bathroom and the sink of the room is extremely small. The water is not really going down in the sink also. It is very uncomfortable to take shower and clean yourself in the bathroom. There is not even a single hanger in the bathroom. Also the price of the wifi is way too high. It cost 9 pound per day.,Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or270-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing. Wasn't like the describtion or pictures at all.,"To be honest, we were very disappointed of this hotel. It lies in a great neighbourhood with lots of shopping and restaurants. The lobby and entrance is very modern and looks like it has just undergone refurbishment, but when we got the keys and sent to our room, we saw the real side of the hotel. Through a very slim corridor and across a hall and into what looked like something that had been untouched for some years. Anyway, we got to the room and was instantly disappointed as it looked NOTHING like the pictures or the description on the website. There was mold on the curtains, the roof looked like it had suffered from a massive rain shower, the carpet was falling apart and slightly disgusting, the bathroom smelled funny, but this is nothing. The real issue we had were the very…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or270-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",WORST EXPERIENCE!,The only reason I chose this hotel was that had a parking and also was near the tube sation. Stayed 3 nights with family but i had the worse experience of my life. Too noisy and very disturbing sleep. You coud hear people walking and closing doors and this went on throughout the night. I wouldnt ever in my life come to this place.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or270-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I would even give it 1/10,"As I walked into reception I was pleased with my last minute booking, the area is modern yet small, but very clean and the receptionist was very nice. Then we went through the door to walk towards our room and can only describe it as looking like a cracking den, we then got to our room on 1st floor number 13, and was horrified! It looked like there had been squatters living in there with brown marks on the walls and a horrible smell, and damp marks on the walls with only very old single glazed windows, the bathroom looked nicer until u looked at the rust and mould that was in the shower and toilet, and the slap dash paint jobs that had been done, the sink was far too small and couldn't wash my face  To boil the manky kettle u had to put it on the floor, which was in ok condition…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or275-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,"the worst hotel ever, shabby rooms beyond belief, rude staff, filthy, dangerous, winding narrow corridors  and lots of steps, dirty kitchen, dirty toilets, other peoples hair in your shower, serious hot water problems, loads of inappropriate smells coming from rooms such as drugs, the whole place should be condemned on every level, did I say dirty?? well its an understatement.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or275-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby King Soloman Hotel,"Let's start with a positive...   It's a five minute walk to the tube station.   Now, let's talk about the negatives...   The room - Our very small room was found at the top of a very narrow stair case. The net curtain was filthy and the bottom of it covered in mould. The double glazing was clearly old and broken as it had condensation both inside and out. The linen was clean but the bed frame and skirting boards were visibly dusty. There was a stain on the wall in between the bed and bedside cabinet where previous people had spilt something. The door in the wardrobe didn't close properly. The lighting in the bathroom was poor - you had to put both the ceiling light and the shaving light on to be able to see. There was mould in the bathroom around silicone sealing.   The hotel -…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or275-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel Iv ever came across in my life,"When arriving in the hotel we were not greeted with a smile or even a basic hello by the girl behind the counter , common manners cost nothing . We were told where out room was not even guided , the hall to the rooms smelt like sewers and made me feel sick , the carpet was discustingly dirty , the walls were covered in black dirt marks , and that was before we even entered the room , the room itself didn't even have a window ? The toilet wouldn't flush and the water in the shower wouldn't drain , the beds wer pull up beds and could be easily pushed over, we informed the same unfriendly unhelpful girl behind the counter and nothing was done about it , we complained again and got switched to another ro which was even worse , sort everywhere hairs in the beds , a tiny window…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or275-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","King Solomon Hotel, Golders Green","This hotel is without a doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in with the possible exception of a few West African ones. We had two rooms, allocated with complete apathy by the ""clerk"", who knew that one of our party was on crutches but obviously this was of no interest to him. There are no lifts in this hotel, just a steep narrow staircase which was dangerous for the crutch user and everyone else within falling distance.  To the rooms, doors fitted where they touched which was not a lot, huge gaps beneath the doors, which rattled, neither sink had a plug, and having complained we were given, very grudgingly, a cheap little rubber one. Showers only, not a bath in either room, very small and difficult to use, ligting abysmal. Window handles missing with windows stuck open (it…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or275-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever,"This is honestly the most shabby, horrible hotel I've ever stayed in my entire life. You seriously need to never even think about stopping by at the King Solomon. Everything went wrong. The TV and safe were broken. There was a gigantic slant in the middle of our room (I'm not kidding) that you'd bump your head on at least 4 times a day. The bed was uncomfortable and the headboard was clearly not cleaned properly since the last guests who stayed in that room left a peculiar stain on it. (SO GROSS!) Also, no free wifi? Really money-grubbing of them. Oh, and the towels leave you with a horrid white residue that gets on everything. White lint on black clothes sucks. Don't stay here. Please.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or280-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, terrible, terrible.","On a list of the worst hotels we have stayed in over the years, this one comes in at second place. (The winner was Hotel Sud Bahia, Agadir, Morocco). From the moment we walked through the front door and were greeted with total lack of interest by the receptionist I knew we were in for a treat. After eventually finding our booking we were handed the key cards and the room number scribbled on a piece of paper along with vague directions on where the room was to be found. We headed off in the direction indicated, waited whilst a 'workman' rehung a door, stepped over a carpet fitter (I think). We found our room (44) tucked away in a corner. The room was big enough for a sagging double bed on a metal camp like base, a wardrobe with the TV screwed to it's side, a bedside set of…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or280-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Have low expectations,"The rooms was TINY and I mean tiny,the batteries in the remote were dead so I couldn't watch tv.  The hot water in the shower was non existent,the staff aren't helpful or seem to know anything about fixing it. The view from the window was basically a wall and the window was also extremely small. There was dust everywhere too and the wifi required login details which aren't provided on the print out sheet. I didn't bother checking out the continental breakfast,but I'm sure it was awful as the rest. Unless you have nowhere else to stay,don't bother with this place,it's pathetic.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or280-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel i have ever stopped in!!!,"Just returned from a weekend stoping at the king Solomon. I have been to many different budget hotels around the world but this one was by far the worst. I have seen a few reviews saying what do you want for £60per night, I expect something better than the dump that is the Solomon that's for sure! Firstly upon arrival you are greeted by by the shoddy and aged exterior of the hotel and the reception that looks like the builders gave up half way through. Secondly the corridors of the hotel are as shoddy as the outside and the doors with the security lock on were open all our stay which was worrying as anyone could wonder in/out as they pleased, also the stairs up to our room smelt of sewerage. Then last but not least was the room, it was very basic and poorly designed, things like…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or280-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",you get what you pay for,"I stayed here with my partner, 11 year old son and his friend as we were going to Wembley to watch England's qualifier against Slovenia. I paid £99 for a family room including breakfast. On the whole the hotel isn't the best that I've ever stayed in but it is cheap as chips and 5 minutes walk from the tube, the bust stop is just across the road and its five minutes off the motorway. The room was big enough with two double beds and I was actually impressed with the shower and the cleanliness of the bathroom. It is dated and the could probably do with a referb but for a couple of nights it was perfectly adequate for our needs. The breakfast is continental, they offer bagels, toast, eggs, ham, cheese and jam but you could help yourself to as much as liked so toasted bagels and…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or280-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One star only because I couldn't rate it a ZERO!,"King Solomon Hotel? King Solomons Mines more like. Terrible. Just god awful. Look up the hotel on the web and it shows really modernly decked out rooms, with lovely furniture and stylish bed linen etc. The reality was worse. So much worse. I wish I could post photos with this review..........oh.......I can! What could only be described as a 'double camp bed' was what awaited me after a 5 hour drive. In a room that to be fair was big, but with a really small radiator under a window with a huge crack in it, and a draught blowing through. The radiator was on full but was bearly luke warm, and did nothing to heat the air an inch from it let alone anything else from all the way at the end of the room, and bear in mind I visited the hotel in December. If only I had looked on here…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or285-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just Awful !,"I was booked in for 4 evenings - I stayed for as long as it took to get a new hotel booked. Staff were poor, room was for lack of a better word 'itchy' and i couldn't turn the heating down. Just don't! Please don't !",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or285-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"My boyfriend booked this place to stay when he visited me in London (long-distance sucks!). I told him to choose somewhere near Camden as that's where we would be spending a lot of time. He found the place online and obviously went for it because it was cheap and I said I was happy with whatever as long as he visits me. The hotel looks big and nice from outside but it really is not. There's only like one guy that works at the reception desk, the stairs are not very wide and rather creaky and the walls are thin so we could hear other people awake and running around from down the corridor. The room was dirty, not very big, the window was a tiny thing near the ceiling, felt like a prison, the bed was ok but the sheets weren't very soft. The cleaners obviously don't do their job…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or285-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,This place is really near the Golders Green Underground station. shops are accessible and food is adequate. Accommodations are right if you are only in London for a couple of days. just close the curtains properly to make the room dark to sleep in.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or285-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bad quality,The hotel is very dirty. The bathroom was full of dirty marks plus needs a refurbishment.  I stayed there with my boyfriend and we even saw a cockroach. The breakfast was not good. I would not saty there again.,Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or285-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Soloman Hotel Golders Green,"We chose this hotel to explore the local area and I am sad to say that this is by far, the worst hotel I have ever seen.  The room was dirty, small, the windows were mouldy and surrounded by what appeared to have the strength of search lights which meant that the room was light, day and night.  We arrived for two nights, and were not told that there was no hot water and when we tried later, we were eventually given another room. But wait, for it, this had no hot water either.  We were going to leave as it was so horrendous, but as we had matinee tickets, we could not re-check into another hotel and get there on time. The staff member did say that we would get a refund for one night as compensation for having no water.   Our coping strategy was to spend as little time there as…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or290-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable attic room at a reasonable price for London,"We were happy with our stay in a cosy yet spacious attic room after an initial blip with the first room (no hot water and so staff moved us to another room and helped carry our bags). Yes, there are areas that could be improved (bathroom door didn't stay closed, vacuum cleaner left on landing, carpet in main areas tired looking etc), but we felt it was good value compared with other options. We've stayed in hostels and this is definitely better, although we feel it's a good 2 star (rather than a 3). Visitors from US used to high standards may find it lacking.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or290-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very cheap - HOSTEL not a hotel,"me and five other girls chose to stay in this hotel due to its location and because we was looking for something cheap on short notice, we didnt expect it to be this run down! When we arrived the receptionist was rude, we had one very large and heavy suitcase and our room was up a flight of very narrow/steep stairs - he didnt bother to help!!!! (no lift either!!) luckily a nice guest helped.  The rooms were BASIC if you can say that. Beds were uncomfortable and rock solid, shower was so hot you couldnt shower properly, think the knob that changes it to cold was broken so had to have a scholding hot wash. At about 4am (we had been on a night out) we was all fast asleep when we saw a man who had climbed onto the roof of our hotel trying to get into our room!!!!!!!!! luckly when he…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or290-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",DONT BOTHER,"I have seen prison cells on TV better than this, was more like a hostel, had to ask for towels and toilet rolls, the worse thing was the stench of damp and decay, the curtains were moldy and smelly, I wore white socks in the room and they were disgusting after short time walking on the carpet. The only plus was location, 5 mins to Golders Green tube 20 mins into London,",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or290-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",very bad experience,"I cannot understand how could you name this place UK HOTEL, maybe HOSTEL for very young homeless; I stay 2 night; had to change the room 3 times, you shall take it out of your list.  first room I have been given; was very noisy, second room have been sent to top floor just like a PUNISHMENT no telephone line and no TV cushions look like someone had a lay before me also changed the room; next day third room damp also I slept from shower into the room there was no rag or something on the floor to come out once you had a shower!!!!!!!!!!! I did not take any pictures YOU HAVE THE LOT FROM OTHER GUEST there was one Italian group the ladies almost cried on a late night arrival  I will appreciate a comment by return",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or290-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but.. cheap,"Got after a long delay at 2 am, the desk clerk was too busy watching the TV then pay attention to me,not easy to find ur room in that maze, and a lot of stairs no elevator. The room was very small,reminded me Harry Potter's cupboard, the bed linens just not clean. Stains and hair, found it hard to fall asleep even though was so tired. WiFi is not for free, and I had lots of hot water no problem.  The breakfast is great eggs, salad,toast,cheese,cornflakes,orange juice and hot choco machines really nice, they claim its kosher but admit there's no supervision.location is really good 10 mnts walk from folders green station. Was OK for the price I guess but I'll not visit again.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or295-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","very,very basic.","I had stayed here before as I had business in golders green this hotel is cheap hence my return visit. it was 2 years ago since my last visit and it has been upgraded since then. I had a double room the room was very small not room to swing a cat in it.the shower in the bathroom took ages to heat up and the shower head wouldn't stay on the shower pole. also no air con we were told we would be getting a fan brought to our room but the 2 nights we were there it never arrived. the staff are very nice & friendly. breakfast was cereals ,bagels, and tuna & mayo and tomatoes. the coffee machine did make a lovely cup of coffee. the bed was comfortable and clean. but everytime a guest shut their door the hotel shook. also there is no lift so be prepared to walk up a lot of stairs. TIP.…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or295-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and inexpensive,"Pros. Comfy enough bed, en suite bathroom, everything was clean, given a free upgrade from single to double & very friendly staff.   Cons. Steep staircase low ceiling on the top floor rooms and breakfast was really not up to much... I obviously was not expecting bacon for breakfast or even hot foot beeing a kosher hotel but seriously bagels and no cream cheese.. that was kind of a let down.  Overall I just needed a place to sleep for a few hours between a late work finish and early start so for that purpose this hotel is great and I would recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or295-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay for, and a bit less!","Plain, small rooms, uncomfortable location, terrible service, and very basic breakfast. King Solomon Hotel was definitely a budget accommodation. Everything was just below average, except the service. My family and I had heavy suitcases, and with no lift we had to carry these suitcases up a narrow staircase to the top floor. But it was a place to sleep and they did offer breakfast, it was relatively close to Golders Green tube station, and it was clean enough. If your on a budget there is probably better places out there, but if your not fussy King Solomon Hotel is just fine.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or295-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel family happy,We chose this hotel for its location to the underground and found it to be just right as our rest place to visit the sites of London. Free car parking welcoming staff and a healthy breakfast what more could you want from a cheap and chearfull place.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or295-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,If you're paying £60 a night in London then you can't expect much. It's budget accommodation for people on a budget. Not the most comfortable night's sleep I've ever had but it was adequate for the price.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or300-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible location , we felt very uncomfortable with gangs of children out side .",This hotel is not very welcoming ! We were given our keys and told the breakfast times and then told (no pork no bacon in this hotel ?) very rude ! The hotel was full of family members at breakfast which made us feel very uncomfortable ! Not a very british welcome ! Would not stay here ! The breakfast was awful (pasta salads ? ) . Would not recomend this as a trip to the capital of England to see the true british hospitality ! ,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or300-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","definitely not the best choice, but nice area","The hotel is being restructured, so some parts of it may look really crappy. The room I had booked didn't match the picture I had seen at the time of booking, and it was quite small and dark. Prices are average, not cheap at all so I expected something more. On a different note, brakfast was quite good. I had to leave my room at 10, and upon leaving (9.55) the guy at the reception pointed out that he knew which room was mine ""because I was waiting for you, you're the last leaving in delay"". The area (Jewish spot) is nice, full of places where you can eat, no big attractions though. The hotel has a bus stop right in front of it and it's a ten minute walk to Golders Green tube, so you can reach anywhere in London in a reasonable time.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or300-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't book it!!,"The worse place I've ever stayed & glad it was only for one night.  Rooms are extremely small, shower door doesn't open far and shower just handheld. It has  an extension lead hooked on roof.  Little tray with tea & coffee on it but can't use kettle as cable not long enough to reach the roof socket.  Bad design all around.  Very dark with a tiny loft hatch for window.   Pigeons nesting in roof so could hear them all night.  Breakfast practically none existent and restaurant never open.    This should not be classed as a hotel & is still far from being a B&B......... more like a hostel with thin walls,  doors that slam shut shaking all walls and smelly damp corridors.   This needs a visit from the Hotel Inspector!  Or needs to be closed down.   ",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or300-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,Have stayed in this hotel twice during breaks in London. Left today after a three night stay. Stayed in family room for with my wife and two children. The room was a clean and quiet attic room. Staff were friendly. Breakfast was adequate (although not perfect due to religious constraints).  I can't understand why this hotel gets so many bad reviews. I would book again without hesitation.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or300-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,Booked this hotel online the photos are not accurate We had travelled from Greece to Heathrow and as I dont know London at all we just took a chance The staff were nt very friendly and we had asked for 2 rooms close to each other as I was with my Mother and two grown children When we arrived the rooms were as far from each other as you could get (mine and my mothers was up 2 flights of stairs and on the opposite side of the hotel) The breakfast was served in a large room which reminded me of a school hall It was self service cereal toast etc and the girls could speak very little English The surrounding area has many restaurants but they are very expensive (we had 3 whiskey and coke and 2 cappuccino s and it was £56 We did nt eat as the prices were extortionate Our room was very…,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or305-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Only one night, but thank you","After travelling by car, down from Cambridge, all over London, and finding ZERO accommodation, this was the only hotel that had room for us. Let me tell you, at 3.00am, with three young children, we needed beds! The travellers reviews are accurate: Dodgy beds, showers, cleanliness. We walked through hallways, upstairs, to find our room - and yes, it is a maze. I still gave this place 3 stars, just for the fact that they took us in. The service from the front was always obliging and helpful; free parking; and cheap rate, all helped earn the stars. Breakfast was included, but we slept in; because the manager allowed us an 11am check-out. They must be doing something right, because a tour bus and it's passengers were all staying at the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or305-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Affordable, Friendly, Good Breakfast","Being a small hotel, one should not expect too much. However, they are flexible with the check-in and check-out times.  Online booking through other sites seems to be cheaper than calling them directly. Hotel is clean, locality is decent and breakfast is nice.       ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or305-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Shambolic is being polite,"Lucky only stayed for one night and lucky that I had a room that had just been refurbished albeit by Laurel and Hardy. Very smelly along the corridors, stale sweat ,smoke and other things. Probably the worst breakfast I have ever encountered. I was saved by the boiled eggs; no egg cup but hard boiled and Luke warm so I took a chance on a low bacteria count and made a swift exit. Very noisy with drunken party's in the rooms and street which I found surprising as being in a Jewish area I never saw a pub. The area was the best thing with a good and great variety of restaurants as long as you are not looking for traditional English fayre.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or305-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don´t stay here!!!!,"This is the worst hotel I have ever visited.  Noisy in the night, slamming with doors al night. Sketchy place. As a girl I felt unsafe. Horrible standard in the whole hotel, terrible rooms. A constant row of customers by the counter - with complaints and stuff that had to be fixed.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or305-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here - please!,"King Soloman may have built the first temple in Israel but he should have stuck to that rather than go into the hotel business. This place is horrendous. The location is reasonable enough a 10 minute walk to Golders Green tube but that's the only thing this place has going for it.   The hotel is in awful condition, the small narrow hallways and stairs are cramped. The carpets are filthy and it was not a welcoming environment at all. The room was awful. It reminded me of my old student house, dirty carpets, no decor on the walls save for some whitewash and very uncomfortable put up beds.   The bathroom was so small that only small children or members of Cirque De Solei would be able to use them. It was not a good night's sleep at all, compounded by the noise from outside the…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or310-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in,I stayed here one very late Saturday night. The rooms look nothing like the pictures. It is an urban sprawl of a dump.  I was initially given a room on the ground-floor. After I settled into bed I heard the unmistakable sound of rats in the alley outside the hotel behind my room. They were not in the room (which was clean enough) and had no way of getting in the room. Still - enough to spook my out and I requested a room on another floor which was fine.  It is also a very noisy hotel with paper-thin walls and guests getting up at all hours of the night.  My worst hotel - and my worst experience. Avoid like the plague!,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or310-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",What ever you do do not stay,"I booked this hotel though late rooms and the pics looked fab oh boy was I wrong the entrance lobby was a building site staff ignorant but we grinned and bared it ,this was only the tip of the iceberg what a it hole dirty bedding cracks in the wall holes in the carpet and the list goes on and on, we stayed in the room 3minutes as long as my phone call to late rooms do yourself a favour and stay in a bus shelter it's cleaner",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or310-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",a dump dont waste your money here i beg you you!!!!!!!,"its got no mattress or pillow protecters in the rooms, the rooms are nothing like the pictures at all, theres loads of mould either in shower or windows, rooms wernt clean properally and tv's dont work properally overall it was i dump,",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or310-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if possible.,"I was put here for work and have to say it is at the top of my list for the worst hotels that I've had to stay in.   If was clear upon entering the hotel that it was going to be a dump. Getting to my room felt like going through a maze and the whole place looked run down.  When I got to my room the door felt so insecure I ended up pushing the bedside cabinet against it, the bed was so thin, old and uncomfortable I ended up sleeping on top of the duvet. The radiator was permanently turned on and the bathroom so tiny I could only sit on the toilet at an angle!   I'm glad I only had the one night here. ",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or310-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money! Better to sleep on the street!!!!!,"A complete and utter waste of money!!! Do not stay at this hotel as it is awful from the moment you walk through the door. Reception, room, cleanliness, breakfast etc etc all vile, horrible and disgusting!!",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or315-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",An ok stay,"I stayed here with a really big group (69 people) in July 2013. This means, of course, that most of the rooms were occupied by people in our group and we got to see many different sides of the hotel.   The hotel seemed to be in two different buildings - finding the right rooms for everyone took some time but the hotel staff seemed to do the best they could to help us in the chaos.   Most of the rooms had been cleaned when we arrived but some weren't. We were in a hurry and so some of us got their rooms in the evening once we got back to the hotel.   My room was nice. A comfy bed, a small but clean and functioning bathroom, enough space etc. Some of the rooms had a funny smell and were really damp (mine didn't). The buildings were really like mazes - I got lost a million times…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or315-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Decent Price, Bad Accomodations, Excellent Location","This is definitely NOT a 3 Star Hotel as advertised on many sites.  It is a decent price for the great location.  It is near the Tube Station and Buses.  However, the beds are the same as rollaway beds, you have to pay for internet PER DEVICE (Laptop, phone, etc...), and the walls are paper thin.  You can hear EVERY word of EVERY conversation of neighboring rooms.  So if you are looking for a decent price in an excellent location, and the room doesn't matter to you, then the King Solomon it is!",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or315-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","It's not just poor, it's awful with officially uninhabitable rooms !!!","If only this place could be rated at zero. There is so little good to say but our room did at least seem clean so hats off to the housekeeper. Other factors did not compensate though.  Overpriced, noisy, overrated, somewhat misrepresented, the list goes on but here's an insider comment:  I am by profession, a chartered architect and have to know building law. In my professional opinion, there are serious compliance issues with this building. Fire doors don't fit. The maximum ordinarily permissible gap at doors is 2mm around and 3mm under. One door I witnessed had at least 5 times that. Totally ineffective so positively dangerous. We arrived late and too exhausted to complain or move on and didn't dare even try the breakfast. They can put the additional profit to good use on the…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or315-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here,"Sad, but true- this hotel is awful, the very definition of a ""dump"". Other reviewers have gone into great detail so I don't think I need to. My experience is no different than theirs. I don't want to leave this review for the sake of venting negativity, but I do think it's important for people who may consider booking this hotel to know from somebody who has been there- DON""T. If kashrut is the reason you're considering this hotel (that was my only reason), it's entirely unnecessary. With all the great kosher restaurants, bakeries and grocery stores right there, you do not even need to eat breakfast at the hotel. Out of our twelve nights there (and considering every other aspect of our experience) we didn't even want to look at the hotel ""restaurant"". We bought great stuff in…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or315-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not so good,The hotel is expensive the are more hotel chipper the fix the hotel not very long time a go you can see next door the are some other hotel more breakfast is good if you eat to ho to the room you must up don escalated it is not a hotel it is 2 housese that they make from him a hotel ,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or320-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Bathroom: Was built for hobbits; shower moldy and smelly, shower only for XXS persons not even normal persons like me; water-pressure insufficient; sink-shelf broken; toilet slightly diagnonal below the sink, so I had to fold my body to be able to sit down --> bathroom close to unacceptable !  Bed: camping-type bed, felt the springs in my back  Room: broken window handle, broken furniture.  Highlights: TV and courtesy coffee.  If I would go there again ? --> NO !",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or320-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely disappointed," was going to stay there for quite a few days with my wife but after the first night I ran out of there is quick as possible the rumours are very small old fashioned not clean the windows in the don't close they tv screen is so small  can't get any channels on there is no reception, the shower was broken and hardly work't.   the service was not pleasant and breakfast was horrible kitchen was  before closing time officially  in the afternoon I had lunch there and it was disgusting food",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or320-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I am surprised that this hotel is even open. The rooms were very bare but we weren't expecting much being that it was so cheap. The problems started at 3am when a group of guests made so much noise that we woke up. The management did not sort out the noise for over an hour! In the morning I went for a shower to try and wake myself up after the terrible sleep. There were 3 centipedes in the shower. I didnt even know centipedes existed in the UK, apparently the King Solomon are cultivating some interesting wildlife in their bathrooms. DO NOT STAY HERE! Pay a bit more and at least you wont wake up feeling as though there are bugs crawling all over you (I'm sure I was bitten by something there - could be a flesh-eating centipede????)",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or320-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE DO NOT STAY,"I checked in King Solomom Hotel on Saturday afternoon, I booked a double room with breakfast at the price for £64.00 The reason why i booked the rooms was because of the reviews your hotel dad not thinking if there are fake!!!   Once i arrive and check in, i was informed by the receptionist( male ) that they had no double rooms available and the only one they had was a single or a triple at the very top floor.  SoI compromised and I said if i could view the top floor. After viewing the room, I was very disappointed to go back to the receptionist and tell him that I am claustrophobic, i suffer and i have panic attacks when its very combine spaces with little windows and light.   Once i have explained this to the reception, I felt like I was talking to somebody that wasnt giving…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or320-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"I stayed at Hotel Solomon for 17 days. Staff was polite. The rooms are very old but you get what you pay. Breakfast is always the same every day of the week (tuna, corn, cucumbers, bagels, boiled eggs, eggs and corn salad, tomatoes). Far too many eggs and same old food every day. The corridors are like endless labyrinths with no air circulation (bad smell sometimes), noise from the other rooms. You can literally hear everything as the walls are not very thick. I only booked this place because it was cheap but I wouldn't go back. The restaurant inside of the hotel ""la dolce vita"" has nice food but is FAR TOO EXPENSIVE and the staff, a Jewish English girl (the manager?), two Eastern European waitresses have no manners. This restaurant didn't make me feel welcome. As soon as I sat…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or325-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just a Bed for the Night,"I booked this hotel through LastMinuite.com and was terrified when I read the reviews. However, thankfully it was clean, warm, quiet and the staff friendly. It was perfect for our theatre trip (where I begrudge paying more for my hotel than my theatre ticket) as we drove from Sheffield straight down the M1, parked at the hotel and arrived at the theatre in half an hour or so. True, there are a lot of stairs so if you are elderly, disabled or with children in tow; it's not the hotel for you. But the neighbourhood is fairly nice, close to lots of shops. The room was small and in the bathroom so compact I could have done my s...omething, shower and shave all at the same time. Had a great night's sleep and appreciated the double glazing as the hotel sits on a main road, and the…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or325-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bargain Stay! Pleasantly surprised.,"We stayed in room 108, a double with extra bed and ensuite. great room but walls are thin so expect to hear door slamming and voices. but after reading reviews, i was surprised. beds were spotless and comfy and bathroom, even though it was small it was perfect for us (although the water in the shower was too hot for my chap, and didn't seem to have a cool setting, just hot and hotter).  Tea & coffee tray was full and even a fridge under the counter. Plenty of room for clothes and shirts to hang. Sockets were a struggle to get to, as the bed needed moving slightly, but nothing too tricky. Housekeeping came in the day while we were out; emptied the bins and remade the beds and left more towels and loo roll.  Breakfast was odd, but filled us for the day. Toast, bagels, boiled egg,…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or325-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Could be so much better!,"We booked to stay 2 nights with our 2 young children and requested a cot which was an adequate travel cot however, our room was on the 2nd floor. As this hotel has no lifts, we had to carry the pushchair up a very narrow staircase.   The room was big enough but the beds were camp beds and the duvets thin from age! The bathroom looked newly refurbished however none of us could wash/shower as the water was scolding hot!  Breakfast in my opinion was very poor: salad and odd tastiby Bagels. The kids just about managed the cereal. The owner stood menacingly urging his staff to stop talking and work!  All in all not the worst place we have stayed but like so many other guests commented, it could have been so much better.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or325-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I will never stay here again,"There was parking at the front of the hotel although a little tight and perhaps not enough places during busy periods.     Check in was ok although it seemed there was some sort of construction or reconstruction going on and so it didn't seem as professional as perhaps it may have had.  The reception staff were ok, neither friendly or welcoming - indifferent.  Our room was at the top and so we had to struggle up these narrow staircases with all our belongings from our 6 week tour, which was no easy feat and it's a good job that we are fit and healthy.   Our first impressions? Nice but squashed.  It was so small.   The bed was comfortable, there was everything we needed - a kettle, very good supply of tea, coffee, milk and sugar, and it was clean.... but the bathroom door doesn't…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or325-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",It's fine!,"Yes it's basic but what do you expect for the price? The room we stayed in had two double beds and a small bathroom. The room was clean and tidy, it had tea, coffee and kettle, a tv. Needed a iron and got one from reception. I will say the breakfast is nothing to write home about but who really cares!? It's fine for one night and I would happily stay there again. ",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or330-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"We had to take our cases up 3 flights of narrow stairs, to the roof top attic room, therefore we were in a slanted room, was so small, the bathroom so narrow and must of been a cupboard! Our room still had a toilet roll holder on the wall, so maybe it used to be a bathroom,  The hallway absolutely stunk, our room stunk it was rank!! Stunk of damp and was really damp, you could feel it on your skin and bedding and just disgusting!! This place is a total crap hole. Double room NOT !!!! Camp beds, TV was perched on the wardrobe and you couldn't see it properly, dining staff miserable and breakfast unedible, nobody would believe the smell or conditions, you have to see and smell it to believe it. What a dive !!!!",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or330-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Booked four nights at this hotel. I visit the U.K every year and it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Arrived on Monday 9 Sep, and the middle-aged gentleman at the reception was so unwelcoming as I walked up to him he wore a stern look & his exact words were 'What can  I do for you?' Got into the room after a 7 hours flight and there was hair on the bed. The matrass was worn out  and definitely needed changing. You could constantly hear the doors slam from other rooms. I will never go back to this hotel & wont recommend it to anyone. To borrow an English expression, 'it was the pits'......couldn't wait to get out.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or330-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Another nice stay,"Am I just lucky with this hotel or do people expect too much!  This is my 4th stay in 2 years and I have not had any cause for complaint on any occasion. The rooms were a decent size and clean, the breakfast adequate and the staff helpful. Yes, it is not a 4 star hotel but it is very good value and my latest stay was in the best room so far - room 60.  I would not hesitate to book it again for value and location.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or330-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad...don't go there,"The hotel is in awful condition, it really neads to be renovated. It was noisy, the doors were very bad, you can hardly close it. The  bad was uncomfortable, i couldn't sleep well. The hotel was dirty also and the bathroom as well.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or330-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Really needs to try harder.,"Specifically requested 3 single beds for myself and 2 teenage children. Ended up with double &1 single. Not a very comfortable night. Room airless in the middle of a heatwave , loud youngsters till well past 1am. Apart from that ,good price compared to the rest of London at this time of year, clean with comfortable beds. One of those places that could be excellent but falls short because it doesn't seem to try very hard.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or335-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Go There,"I recently stayed at the King Solomon hotel with my girlfriend and her son, we had what was stated as a family room (Room 99), however the room was barely big enough for one person. There was no curtain covering the velux window, one of the beds was right underneath this window, this resulted in an early morning wake-up call as the the room was light-up from about 5 a.m in the morning. I asked at reception if something could be done about this, at which point the big scary owner pipped up and and had a go at me for complaining. The bathroom door did not close properly, the room was damp, there was no hot water from the tap in the bathroom, there was no fridge in the room, the net curtain was stapled and not stitched, there is a sign on the back of the door in all rooms stating…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or335-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst customer service ever!,"After having our chosen hotel double book us we were then booked into the King Solomon Hotel where we were advised it was a 3 star hotel (Its actually not rated!) Our booking was accepted online but when we arrived we had to wait 15mins whilst the receptionist (in his words) juggled other guests around to accommodate us. We were then shown to our ""Family Room"" by his colleague (or rather we followed a foreign male whilst he had a conversation on his mobile whilst grunting & pointing now & then at us!), after climbing 3 flights of stairs & walking down several twisting/turning corridors we arrived in our attic room!  There was a double sofa bed & another double bed (very thin mattress on 2 single metal frames pushed together!) The bulbs were bare. There were 2 windows one which…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or335-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A night after we left,Room clean in need of more lighting .Bathroom no sink stopper no bath mat no hand towels. otherwise well okish. staff were helpful. we had a room in the front  lots of traffic noise .cannot blame hotel .,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or335-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended at all,- watch the showers - too hot n quite difficult to get it right - no lifts and tight stairs - unfriendly staff - terrible breakfast - not continental but Jewish. Had to have breakfast at cafe Nero around the corner - not enough towels in the bathroom - no bath mats - blowed up lamp next to bed - no hair dryer even though the website states there is one - no shower cap - no sockets next to the bedside lamp or kettle - windown wouldn't open A group of eleven people with the same opinion - never to go back to,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or335-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting wake up call!,"I won't beat around the bush here, the room seemed clean enough, fairly modern in it's amenities and decor, though I was slightly curious about the shower base shape in the ceiling above my bed. Rightly so, because on the second morning I was rudely awoken by lots of heavy drips on my face – from the shower in the room above!!!! My wife and I dived out of bed expecting the someone else to join us from above any second, but luckily it just left a huge wet patch on the bed! As luck would have it we were checking out in the next hour!!   Very funny looking back now, so if you want a place to stay which will produce stories to tell the grandkids in years to come, stay here!  Incidentally, the reaction from the reception staff was ""well, we do ask that customers be sparing with their…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or340-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and nice,"We stayed with 3 kids in a family room. There was one double bed, and two single beds in the room. (We kept one child between us in the double.) The rooms were small, but clean and nice. We received extra towels and linens when we asked for it, no problems. The staff was friendly and helpful with directions and extra needs. We were able to store our luggage after check out which was very helpful.   Location was ok, lots of bakeries and small shops on the street. About 5-8 min, walk to to the bus/tube station. We chose to just take the buses, because of our budget, and the bus did take about 1 hour and 15-20 min to oxford street, so a little long.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or340-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfy for a very reasonable price,"Stayed in this hotel last june for 3 nights. The hotel is in a good location (tube, buses, shops, restaurants). The rooms could do with an upgrade but were very clean with everything you need if you are all day out sightseeing. And the price was very good too. Breakfast was good. I would recommend this place if you are looking for cheaper place to stay close to the tube and buses.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or340-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn't stay again,"Stayed one night as it was close to wembley for robbie Williams. We were in a top floor room and after getting home around 12.30 the people in the next room kept banging on the wall to us and making all sorts of noises which caused me to have a horrible night sleep. The breakfast? What breakfast! I do not call a crappy bagel, salad and a stale boiled egg breakfast - that is a rip off and to call it breakfast is a JOKE! this hotel actually creeps me out so glad it was only one night. And £99 per night is ridiculous. Shut it down.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or340-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location for trips around London,"Me and my friend had got hold of tickets to see Robbie at Wembley last min so we needed somewhere to stay over before the drive back to Manchester. With a week to go to the concert everywhere was offering over the too price and we stumbled across this hotel. We booked a double room for less than £100 which is cheap considering hotels nearer wembley want £700+. I must admit we did read a few reviews on here before our arrival and was pretty worried.  No need to worry the receptionist was a lovely lady who explained everything and showed us our room. The room was a big room (no96) had a double and single ( think we was lucky there as only booked a double room). Bed linen clean an fresh, bathroom was slightly small in size. In fact uou can't fault the place. We found Transport…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or340-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",watch out in the shower!,"A group of 6 of us booked 3 rooms for 29/6/13 as we were going to see Robbie Williams at Wembley stadium and it was in a good location at a reasonable price.  The rooms were suitable for our needs, with nice clean linen and comfortable beds but the showers were lethal in all 3 rooms!  The shower trays were so slippery with no anti slip mats or stickers that one of our party fell over cracked her head, bruised her arm and then cut her shoulder on a cracked floor tile.  The response from reception was to offer her a wet wipe to clean the shoulder wound! The other 2 rooms shower trays were also dangerously slippery however no further accidents happened as we realised we had to take care and tread carefully! I am yet to have a response from emailing the hotel for the managers…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or345-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",not as bad as some reviews make out!,"Stayed for two nights in June 2013, the hotel is a bit shabby and worn but clean enough, room was spacious, received good maid service, location great, close to tube/bus service, 15 mins from west end on tube, about 45 on bus. Closed to m1 so don't have to drive through London to get there, free parking on front of hotel and the manager allowed us to leave the car on front after we checked out on the last day, breakfast was unusual, bagels, toast, egg mayo, tuna, tomatoes and cucumber, but it was included in price and wasn't too bad! The price was a bargain, family room 180 ish for two nights! I will deffo stay there again :-)",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or345-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",acceptable,"we stayed (2 adults and 2 children) 4 nights in king solomon hotel the room was big enough , the bathroom was very small, and a part for the poor breakfast, this hotel has a very good location, by subway you can reach central london in few minutes, it offers acceptable accomodations at reasonable prices if you consider that you are in London, the most expensive city in Europe. Nicoletta from Italy ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or345-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, friendly, budget hotel.",We were in london for a gig and just needed a bed for the night and that's what we got. It was clean enough and had all the basics you expect but the fusty smell was a little overpowering for me. Cant comment on breakfast as we didn't bother but it smelt giid.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or345-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Solomon Hotel London,"Management & cleanliness better than '06. However: faulty sanitary appliances, noise & smell of smoking in corridor; no breakfast 4 Sabbath observant (kosher restaurant); 0 packed breakfast 4 early departure.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or345-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Will come again,"Clean with its own special charm ^^ I enjoyed my first kosher breakfast there and being a vegan, I really enjoyed it!  Ok, the floorboards were creaking and the heating was blasting away at full throttle no matter what I did. But honestly, I have stayed in worse places and my stay was very short I only slept and had breakfast there (and since it was quite chilly at night, the thing with the heating was not that big an issue).  Also a big plus is the location - Golders Green station is a 10 min walk away and the are a lot of bus routes going there. ",None,4.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or350-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",rat run,"Receptionist was pleasant enough on out arrival, then we had no other interaction with staff until our check out 2 days later. After working out way through a maze of corridors we eventually found our room on the second floor. On first entering the room I did take a sharp intake of breath (which I soon regretted once the pungent stench of the bathroom hit the back of my throat) I feared the worst when inspecting the bed but was pleasantly surprised that the bedding was very fresh, crisp and white. The rest of the room not so much, especially the carpet. I had a reasonable sleep in our too hot a room as the heater was stuck on and we only had a small skylight for ventilation. The corridor was very noisy as the neighbours came and went. Breakfast was a big let down. Location was…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or350-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Really poor quality - noise, stairs, poor service","Really disappointed with this hotel, I booked via HotWire and was not impressed. I needed a London Hotel with a car park and this was a secret deal. There wasn't a lift, the stairs were narrow and steep, and a very nasty smell in the hotel. The room was very poor had to crawl on the floor to get to a power socket to plug in phone charger or kettle.  Service was very poor also - room key didn't work on second night - no sorry or explanation from the desk",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or350-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","worse hotel staying ever, for your own good - keep away of this.","Me and my mom came to the hotel tired after very hard day from Dublin via Holyhead to London and when we came we've been told that the hotel is overbooked (i made the reservation in March) so they want to take us to another hotel 30 minutes from there for just 2 days and than get us back to the original hotel, we refused because the location of that specific hotel was important to us so instead of giving us twin room as we reserved we received a very narrow double room which was noisy,stinky.loudly and dirty. The next day we were told ny the manager that it's our fault that we got that room becasue we didn't want to move to the other hotel (the fact that i had a reservation didn't intrested him at all!!!) and they tried and found as a twin room. The twin room we ended up getting…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or350-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",still needs refurbishment badly!!,"i have stayed at the king soloman before and knew it was not the best of places but this time.i was not impressed.it was quite hard finding the room,the staff really could not care on the desk.there were no towels and toilet paper in the room.i had to go down to the desk to get some!!i.m fairly independant but for the price i did expect some basic service.the towels were old and damp.the carpet in the room was old and frayed.for the price,this hotel is not worth what i payed for it.i explained to the reception,nicely that the owner needs to spend some money on the place..all he said was we.ve 90 rooms..sadly the hotels around g.green are not of high standard.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or350-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",2*/3* Hotel,"We stayed at this hotel for one night only as the location was convenient for our purposes -near to Hendon where we had a business meeting the following morning and also family were picking us up and taking us to their home in Pinner for dinner that evening. The reception staff were very accommodating when we asked to change our room. The original room was on the ground floor, facing traffic which we felt would be too noisy.. The room was clean and basic, no cooked breakfast, just boiled eggs, egg mayonnaise, tuna and sweetcorn, horrible toast only and self service tea and coffee. This hotel looks like it has been around for many years and needs upgrading. One night was ok for us but we would not stay here again.                   ",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or355-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUG! Worst hotel ever!,"On my second morning I found and squashed a BED BUG as it crawled away from my pillow as I laid down reading a newspaper. It was robust with blood! Disgusting!! I was moved to room 79 from room 18 which I was forced to spend the previous night. I arrived early (about 11am), travelling from outside London to stay one night but my plans changed and needed to stay two nights.My room would not be ready till 2pm. I was already very tired as I started my travel at 4am, but the rude receptionist gave me no choice  as he told me to take room 18 for the night or wait till 2pm because he would not change me to the room I paid for at 2pm. For a 'double' room 18 was small, dirty and dingy. Room 79 was better and bigger, but later bug infested!!. In both rooms, towels were off white and…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or355-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",small room,"Based on the pic's of family rooms I thought I would get a dble & 2 singles, need to specify next time. Room was clean, not uncomfortable.  Breakfast was different - but enjoyable.  It isnt too far from Central London by tube.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or355-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",La Dolce Vita - The hotel's Restaurant,"Went to a supper club evening at this restaurant with 6 others and we all had a lovely time. The food was excellent - HUGE - portions.  And the food was so hot, all the pasta dishes we had stayed very hot in the dishes whilst we were eating them. We wondered how the Chef achieved this as pasta usually goes quite cold quite quickly, but not here.  We all had only mains as someone knew the portions were huge, and none of us had afters, we just didn't have room. A very pleasant evening had by all.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or355-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A small room and poor services,In Room 74 can fit only a Single bed. If you are a couple I suggest to look for a bigger room. They try to keep it clean but the walls must be painted cause they are dirty. Couldn't open the window and the aspirator in the bathroom was out of service. Breakfast with too poor choices,Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or355-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but cold,"Cheap room, but at the very top of the hotel. Very, very cold. Asked for a heater at 7pm, but had to ask again when arriving back from going out at midnight. Room was ok, but no spare pillows or blankets available in the room       ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or360-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",what can one say,after looking at this hotel before bookng it acutally looked rather nice  and so i booked through booking.com  yet again the phtoos of the rooms displayed on the web was nothing like the room i got all be it i paid £69 for a one night double bedroom   the floor in room 97 had holes in it  the  bathroom u  had to be double jointed to site on the loo then stand up and it was a very cold room   i didnt have time for th ebreakfast and yet again a hotel in london where guests seem to enjoy the bankging of the doors  at three am with no regard to other guests  having said this the bed was v very comfy even if no headboard and the tv a good range of programmes  i actually think now  there are several  prices to the rooms but when u book a room dont be suprised if its not one of the…,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or360-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear oh dear oh dear,"Unfortunately this is the first time i have stayed in a hotel where i have regretted booking. The welcome was non existent, the chap on reception needs to have basic training in hospitality. It seemed that he had been put there as some sort of punishment. The foyer sofa was occupied by an untidy rough looking chap who quite clearly did not belong in a hotel reception. Our room was on the first floor where our neighbours with kids were banging doors and running in and out of the hallway. Well you put up with that sort of thing when you are knackered, spent all night driving down from Scotland, and then all day in a conference. What really took the biscuit was the relentless extractor fan that seemed to be position at the head of our bed next door. After a hour of dosing off and…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or360-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great Visit As Always,Thanks again for hosting me on my recent trip.  The King Solomon is a great place to stay.  Rooms are always clean.  Tea and coffe facilities are available.  There is a very healthy breakfast in the morning and you can help yourself to it.  Stefan and the crew on the front desk are always very helpful.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or360-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Breakfast, great location, rooms so-so","Rooms are small, just functional. Best features about this hotel are the excellent buffet breakfast in the comfortable restaurant, and the great location. It is on Golders Green Road, close to a number of very good and very reasonably priced restaurants, a great bakery Paradise Bakery, a few minutes walk from either the underground (subway, metro) or buses that go into the centre of town. Parking is ample. There was a problem with the hot water and after one call it was solved within a few minutes. There are a number of car services available to take to or from the airpiort at very reasonable rates, far cheaper than a taxi.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or360-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",beware internet is 9 pounds! rooms noisy!,"if your booking the hotel.. get the rooms from the left side door from reception not the right  the doors on the right lead to a smelly corridor and rubbish rooms,plus i was woken up at 6am by the guy in the room next to me on his cellphone!  the rooms on the left which i asked to be moved to, are better but still noise from outside and from workers early in the morning!  also, internet is 9 pounds a day which is robbery! and if your staying a few days it will add up",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or365-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Well I can't moan!,"It's not the Ritz but is ok, room was clean plenty of Tea / Coffee available I don't believe it deserves all the terrible reviews it received to be honest, located just off the North Circular Road, ideal for central London.   Easy parking lots of shops nearby ! ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or365-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",very good hotel,"We were in London 5  nights - four friends from Tiberias, Israel The hotel is  3 star hotel, clean rooms, good heating (it was January) - good breakfast and  Good location, 5 minutes walk from Golders Green Underground kosher - Coffee at breakfast all types of coffee machine, orange juice, lemonade. We were surprised by the excellent service - every request was handled quickly. I highly recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or365-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Unbelievable ""hotel""","This place was so bad that I can't believe that they didn't actually pay US for enduring it.  Sleeping in a bus station would have been cleaner, cosier and smelled better.  It's impossible to exagerate the awefulness! 'Just a few things so that you get the picture: The door lock didn't work, so had to jam my crutch & suitcase behind the door. Had to get out of bed to turn the light on/off - no bedside table OR light. No TV remote control, & none provided when requested. No toothbrush glass, or any glass.  When requested, was given a polystyrene cup, & this is what I drank a big gulp of wine out of - I brought in a bottle of wine to try & calm myself down!! Aweful quality, off white towels left on the folding camp style beds, there being no rail for them in the shower room.…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or365-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable stay for reasona\ble price,"Hotel is easy to reach by bus and subway. Nice neighborhood, Old hotel (some redecorating underway). New breakfastroom and restaurant. Rooms old, but descent. Some small problems but quickly repaired by very helpfull polite staff. Breakfast typically jewish style; but good and sufficient. For limited budget travellers a good hotel.       ",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or365-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't expect anything else!,"Stayed here with a group of 10, we had 3 double rooms and a quad room. Double rooms in the main part of the building were lovely!! The quad room was down very narrow corridors right at the end of the hotel. Although pretty clean, needs desperately updating to the standard of the doubles! Breakfast was bagels, cheese and salad, but served in a pleasant dining room. Staff were all friendly, and very helpful, and let us have 2 rooms at 12 when we arrived at no extra cost. Tube station was 10 minute walk away, overall a bargain one night trip for New Year's Eve!",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or370-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for.,"Stayed here over New Years Eve - just wanted to find somewhere to spend a few hours after the London fireworks cheap and easy to get to afterwards!  Located about 10 minutes walk from the tube station in the Jewish district Golders Green, the area seemed relatively safe. The station itself is only a 15 minute trip on the tube from Zone 1.  Receptionist was friendly and showed us round the eating area before our room. Breakfast is what I assume is the Jewish standard (bagels and salad),located in quite a pleasant dining area.  The corridors to the room are quite narrow and were smelly - more 'rough and ready' than unpleasant.  Room was basic but tidy and the bed had clean sheets, although it felt a bit like a camp bed. Bathroom was also tidy and shower was fine (although no plug…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or370-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here if you want tramps sleeping outside your room!!!!,"Well well well..... I don't actually know where to start with this place. Upon arriving the receptionist was very unpleasant and rude. Our room was on the top floor, and was the only room at the end of a long corridor. When entering the room, we didn't even know where to look first. It looked like the owners were huge mdf fans! Everything was very makeshift, to use the kettle you had to unplug it and put it on the floor because the cable didn't reach the plug! The shower head was so low you had to duck to rinse your hair! The beds were so uncomfortable and the mothball blankets weren't exactly pleasant. The worst is still to come..... We were woken in the night at 2am by disgusting coughing and grunting noises. There was someone sleeping outside our door!!! I can only assume it…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or370-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Damp dog,"I arrived at this hotel and this place stunk of damp dog its absoultley lifting !! I got me room key went to my room it was disgusting the carpet wasnt clean , the beds didnt looked washed me mate who i was staying with said look at this ! It was a heater that looked chewed to bits ..a bet ya it was the rats ...anyways a was chilling on this horriable bed and i looked up and it was a spoon on the ceiling a was like wtf is that ...the next thing went for a shower the water was stone cold and very brown for like 10 mins , it was that cold a was shivvering like mad , next thing a cudnt mov around the bathroom with it bein soo small a kept banging my knee off the sink ..look put it this way a had to drink every time after work so i could sleep its that bad ...also i was in room 27…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or370-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Stinky, dirty, unfriendly staff, overall very unpleasant.","We stayed here in the biggest room they had. This consisted of an entrance, a bathroom, and a bedroom with two single and one double bed. Overall the staff was very unfriendly and at times rude. Sometimes they would not even respond to our goodmornings or goodnights. The breakfast was only served between 7:30 and 9:30 which is already crazy but when we showed up at 9:35 they didn't let us in and didn't even offer coffee... This was not a busy time... Once our keys didn't work because you have to pay every night  if not they cancel your cards, making us feel like criminals already. When we went to the reception and told him we had no idea this is how it worked he asked us ""you go to a place without even knowing? this is how you travel?!"", to which I politely replied that every…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or370-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel for one night,Stayed here for one night and it was ok. The room was clean with a nice ensuite. I don't think the cleaners ever looked at the windows though as they were pretty mucky really. The bed was a kind of camp bed but the sheets were clean. ,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or375-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just above poor,"I was in a single room, to start with, the room had no hanger of any sort let alone talk about wardrobe. So i guess i had no choice than to keep my clothes on the chair and available space. I paid £53 for this room and expected some basic luxury considering it was a single room for this price. If it was a £30 room, i would probably understand. Even cheaper hotels i've been to had better fixtures and stuff. Also, the sink in the bathroom stunk at atimes. It will just ooze out and at first i wondered where that smell was coming from and then i realised it was from the bathroom so i had to keep the door shut, that couldn't even shut properly anyway. The sink was just open like a tunnel inlet so  i guess everything underneath came up in odour form. Folks remember this was a single…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or375-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Solomon wouldn't stay,"Well we arrived on the tube and walked about ten minutes right past all the shops and then we saw the hotel on the left hand side. From the outside it looked reasonable, the red facade was welcoming but the building and adjoining restaurant tired looking and run down. When we entered the night receptionist was unwelcoming, unsmiling and a bit rude. He gave us our pass key and we set off to our room. As he hadn't told us where are room was located it took us three attempts to find, returning to reception each time where he finally pointed us in the right directions! After this we didn't really hold much hope, the room was functional, frayed carpet, tired decor and limited tea and coffe making facilities. The bathroom was clean but the bathroom floor and bath were exreemly…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or375-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel,"Good location... That's it. Rude and uncaring staff. First we had to change rooms because the beds were so uncomfortable, which the receptionist provided grudgingly. And then when we left I complained that about the shower, because it cut you off short with shampoo in your hair. The receptionist gave no apology looked at us like it was our fault.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or375-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,We have stayed here twice it was found at laterooms.com  We choose it because it cheap and what we expected. Breakfast was okay (remember it's a Jewish community! So don't expect a fry up) Ideally located for the purpose which was  a visit to Marc Bolans memorial at the Crematorium followed by a Bop for fan's at a local pub. ,None,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or375-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel!,I stayed for a night in this hotel and really enjoyed it.  My rooom was clean with an lcd tv.  Stefan who was on reception was extremely helpful and attentive.  I enjoyed the Israeli breakfast.  There is a bus stop just outside the hotel and this makes travelling very easy.  There are a number of good restaurants within walking distance of this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or380-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Inhospitality is alive and well here,"This establishment's ONLY redeeming feature is it's location!  Quite the most inhospitable hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in.  Staff are presumably trained not to speak with guests, nor smile nor offer any form of assistance - whoever wrote the hotel publicity material must be up for the next Poet Laureate!  Breakfast content was poor and not especially appetising and staff stone-faced throughout.  Like others who've written here, I was in a second floor room; true, there was a plentiful supply of clean towels, albeit nowhere to hang them, the bed was reasonably comfortable and the teatray well stocked.  The bathroom was something else - more like a converted meter cupboard in the eaves of the property; poor design meant those of us who have not studied pilates…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or380-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor breakfast,"We went over for 1 night top of the house narrow stairs x2.Closed windows smell of kitchen horrible.when we arrived there were arguments between guests and staff.Happy to take our money service rubbish. The breakfast was boiled egg in shell, corn flakes, salsa, cold coffee,bagels. Will not stay here again ever.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or380-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","good location, bad service","Hate to sound negative, but i have never stayed in a room where there is MOULD on the walls ( room 1), also there was no internet despite the fact i was told there was internet (incidently they charge 9 pounds for 24 hour access but only tell you once you buy the voucher that it isnt working)  Will not stay here again",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or380-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Just what i expected.,I sleep well and had a perfect breakfast. It must be said that the hotel has a lot of small corridors.,Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or380-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",mmm,"Price-quality isn't that ok in this hotel. Breakfast was ok. bathroom could be cleaner, clerk at checkin hadn't got his day...",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or385-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bent DK,Breakfast was not good. Is was not English standard. The staff was vers freindley. Fine with the bus just outside the hotel.,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or385-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice surprise,"Hotel is close to all connections with bus stop right next to hotel entrance.  Staff was very nice, providing immediate assistance when i dropped a ring down the drain.  Room was kept clean at all times. Nothing bad to say about this place.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or385-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Hotel is well located but nothing else. Rooms need urgent refurbishment, some with major leaks. Breakfast is very poor and same daily. Cleanliness is not a strong point for this hotel.  As there are few Kosher hotels around, I would suggest to try elsewhere",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or385-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy,"It was so noisy from other guests in th hotel and outside vehicles. Difficult to sleep, very noisy... Breakfast was good,  There was no remote for the TV,    Bst part. Location good conection to all parts of London  Worst part == Noisy, disturbing until late night",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or385-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Guest at King Solomon Hotel,I was most grateful for the courtesy of the staff during my stay on Monday 25 June 2012 - Friday 29 June 2012.  My room was kept clean and tidy and the reception staff kindly recorded and passed on my firm's (solicitors) messages to me in the evening.  I arrived thinking I may only need one night possibly two.  The management made it easy for me to be flexible and when I determined on Tuesday 26 June to stay until 29th June I found no difficulty.  R M Lamb.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or390-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Never again,awful","Stay away,it is a hotel you would expect to see in a third world country,. Hotel rooms smelt of fresh paint,doors  and window locks loose and broken,sinks would not drain and smelt horrible,could not get internet service in rooms we tried,moved into four different rooms then checked out of hotel,please keep away,the authorities should be notified about this ,the hotel is below a 1 star.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or390-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Awful,awful and this is being generous!","I have only two words - STAY AWAY!!! All the bad reviews written on this hotel are absolutely accurate and true! I even contemplated sleeping i my car, the room was very basic, fold up bed, dirty, noisey and altogether disgusting!! I have never experienced such an awful hotel....bearing in mind, I am calm writing this review, if it had of been at the time I was there, I wouldn't have been this generious!! How on earth this hotel is rated a 3 star is beyond me, whoever rated this dump of a hotel needs to be either sacked or possibley shot!!  This place needs to be closed down for sure...what a waste of money!! You have been warned!! Don't thik I'll ever get over this experience, it was that bad!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or390-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"I was shocked when I entered the room. In die internet it really looks nice, but I must say there is a big difference between the pictures on their homepage and the reality. The room was not clean, I was afraid, lying in the bed. I don't know, how they could get 3 stars!!!!!!! We changed room, because the first room room was so small and there was no cupboard in the room and nothing were you can hang or put your things from the trunk. Second room was bigger but there was only a very small window (size: like a postcard). Next room with windows, but you couldn't open them and in the bathroom between the tilings on the floor you can find some nice little mushrooms. Then we got, what we thought the best one and that was awfull!",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or390-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst!,Desk staff are downright mean. Rooms are dirty. Overall nightmare - period.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or390-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",nothing nice to say about this place!,one of my friends booked and paid for this place for me on a short visit to london  i came in in the night and no one helped me at all with my luggage (it took ages at the reception) or even directed me to the room (it was in a different building and the passages were so small and 3 flights of stares!!)  room was small very very very basic and toilet was ok .... it will only be a place to crash for the night if you have no other option!   the breakfast was the worst in the world! we didnt eat .... i booked the place for 3 or 4 nights but only stayed the 1 st night and we decided to go some other place (friends house)   ofcause we didnt get our money back (that is understandable) but i certainly wont be ever going back to this place even if i was paid to stay there!,Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or395-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not quite worth it's asking price,"Proximity to underground is good given that it is in zone 3 of the underground network. With easy access to decent restaurants and coach station. However, staff were on the indifference scale and despite being **/*** depending on the website you visit, the floor's quite dirty even if the rooms seemed nice and clean. We checked in quite late at night and was given a room with no hot water. They then sent someone over to switch there boiler on...even youth hostels wouldn't leave you without hot water! After 5 visits to get the hot water issue sorted, which didn't really happen, we  eventually moved to a smaller room. For the same price, rooms in youth hostels might be the better option, as they generally are in better locations even if the rooms are a little more basic.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or395-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed 27th April 2012,"I stayed at this hotel on the 27th april/28th April, I had a single ensuite and this was the same for my mum.  My mum's room was on the ground floor and spacious, ensuite, very clean, spacious, tv, tea/coffee, lovely and warm.   My room was upstairs, smaller than my mums, but same price which I thought a little unfair.  The room was very clean though, working tv, adequate bathroom ( compared to other london hotels I have stayed at)  Breakfast was served in a nice restaurant/bar, with continental style breakfast. The staff were not over friendly but were polite.   No problems with check in or checking out.   There was no evidence of fleas or anything untoward, standards of hygiene and cleanliness were good.   Outside my room there was a whiffy smell, smelled like sewage but apart…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or395-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,As others have said you get what you pay for but irrespective of price any establishment that sets itself up to receive guests should adhere to basic standards of service and cleanliness. The building is old and creaks. The bathroom was on the surface adequate but the stains around the rim of the toilet bowl were disgusting.The restaurant is expensive with a poor menu.,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or395-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Won't return,"Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights.  At first room seemed clean, but there was a smoke smell that wouldn't go away. Second night there were some boys staying at the same corridor as us, which thought it would be funny to spread tooth paste on the handrail. Went to reception to advise the receptionist, not even a thank you. If you stay in the hotel just to sleep, we I guess it's ok. If you're looking for professionalism from the staff, then I would advise to stay out!",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or395-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"stayed at this hotel with my 79yr old grandmother on 25th/26th april 2012. Tryed to book the night before, was told they couldnt book us till the morning, the price was £60 per night = £120 for 2 nights, rang at 8am to book the room, was advised a spare bed would be put in the room, we arrived and was charged £80 per night =£160, when i question this i was told if we had booked the day before it would have been £120,  it was late in the evening when we arrived as had been visiting a sick relative in hospital, so too late to argue we had to just pay up. what a con, when we got to the room, there was no spare bed so i had to share  the bed with my grandmother. my grandmother used the toilet and it moved all the water flooded the bathroom we reported to reception, some one came…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or400-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Just come back from a one night stay, i must say i was rather worried about what it was going to be like after reading the reviews and then finding out after i had booked it that my friends had stayed here and said the bathroom was disgusting.  We arrived early in the morning and parked the car at the hotel and went into London shopping, it is in a good location for the tube only a 5 min walk.  When we finally checked in we were pleasantly suprised by the room it was basic but cleen, clean towels on the beds a fridge and tea making facilities and a TV which didn't work but that didn't matter to us, the bathroom was very clean.  The only negatives were that the walls and floors were very thin, we were on the ground floor room 34 so we could here the people above us early in the…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or400-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",stay out!,"I have stayed before in 3 star hotels in european cities so i  am not scaed by a little crowdness and lack of some facilities, but this one is truly below par. For starters - having knowon i would check in no earlier then 22:00, and having no desire to start chasing the receptionists, i emaild the hotel and asked that they put an extra pillow in my bedroom. When I arrived i found out that my request had been ignored. To top that, the towels were no where to by found and the safety deposit box was locked. breakfast, well.....I completely agree with tanveer- stale bread, very little to choose from. some would blame the fact that this is a kosher restaurant. Having eaten in kosher faciities hundreds of times before that all i can sy is - rubbish! a kosher meal could be a delicious…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or400-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money for London,"Compared to prices and sizes of hotel rooms in other London hotels, our family room was a good value of money. However, the walls are very thin so if you have noisy neighbours - bad luck for you. ",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or400-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",King Solomon more like king stink!!!!!!,I would never stay or recommend this hotel its stinks of urine never get fresh towels rude staff unclean make shift restaurant made out of a gazebo breakfast consists of the same rotten eggs and stale bread everyday noisy and unpleasant..  Stay away unless you want to waste your sleep and money..,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or400-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",what a joke of a hotel !!!,"the hotel staff was very rude . the rooms was dirty and very basic with just a bed , chair and 12 inch t.v also there was no towels in the rooms .it was more like a kids hostel than a hotel , all day and night there was teenagers running up and down the stairs, banging doors, arguing and crying at all times of the night . breakfast choices was from boiled eggs , cereal and salad. hopefully people who are thinking of booking this hotel get to read this first !!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or405-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Very odd!,Stayed here for one night. The room was baking hot with no way of turning the radiator down! It's the only hotel I've ever stayed in where you have to spoon instant coffee into a mug and add hot water at breakfast. I see the rates have gone up another £10 since I stayed.,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or405-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get room 31,Stayed in the King Solomon for a few days last week. Room 31 is just off reception and looking out onto  the main road. It got eventully quiet about 3am. If you are looking for a cheap overnighter then its OK. However I have to say I left my washbag and I was contacted by staff who kept it whlst a friend collected it . Thankyou,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or405-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Concert overnighter,Stayed here as a last minute thing so that we could have a drink at a concert at Alexandra palace. Did not know what to expect as last minute and really cheap ... But was presently surprised .. The rooms are very basic but they are clean and have all the basic amenities in them .. The location is good for wembely and Alexandra palace. Value is excellent and there is free parking on site. If you treat this place as a stop over then it definely does the job. Staff where friendly and although there are very little facilities on site you are on a busy highway where you can get pretty much all you need. Good value cheap hotel.,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or405-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than expected!,"After reading all of the reviews given here I was afraid of staying at this hotel for 4 nights. To my surprise the fear was fading the moment I finally entered the room (we had a family room on the first floor). In comparison to many other hotels and even to some that got much better reviews our room was pretty big. All of us had lots of space to enjoy the stay there! Besides, and probably the most important aspect, the room was absolutely clean! The staff was always nice and helpful. The breakfast was delicious as well. All of us were extremely pleased with what we got, especially due to the little money we had to pay. The only negative aspect that needs to be mentioned is that a fire alarm can easily be set off (due to steam *haha* -which can be avoided by closing the bathroom…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or405-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money!,"I have only read the reviews after my stay ar King Solomon Hotel. I had a wonderful time and very good experience at this hotel. The staff was very helpful - they have helped me with the directions and also printed some documents for me free of charge. The room was nice and warm, bathroom looked recently decorated and the bed was very comfortable. That's the main things that are important to me when I stay in the hotel. Breakfast was different but I think everyone can find what they like to eat for breakfast- there were different cereals, eggs, toast, butter, jam, tomato salad, tea, coffee, hot chocolate. I have stayed in different hotels in London and the service wasn't that good as at King Solomon Hotel. Please don't expect 5 star accommodation for the price you pay.",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or410-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Good clean accomodation, but breakfast not great!","My husband stayed here last week just for 1 night as he was visiting friends, he said that the accomodation was clean and there were fresh clean towels, the bed was a little soft but he slept ok. The shower was large and the room generally was ok for a short stay, but if you were staying for longer than a few days it might feel a bit claustrophobic! The breakfast wasn't great, but it was included in the price so all in all the price he paid was acceptable for London & there was parking which was a bonus + it was close to the train station for easy access into the centre of London. He would stay there again but only on a short stay basis.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or410-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!!!,"one night here was more than enough. went with friends and they had a broken bed, we had a freezing room with no heating in january! when we complained all we got was a heater. staff unhelpful and uninterested. complained by email to them afterwards, no response so they just dont care. duvets were rubbish so we couldnt slep very well with the cold.  breakfast was stale bread for toast, squash, cheap horrible coffee, cereals and for some unknown reason salad and tuna!!!!!!!!!! who has salad and tuna for breakfast!!! this is not the continental breakfast we were promised.  really bad hotel. facilities poor, staff useless and breakfast disgusting. i am just annoyed we paid for this terrible hotel. only good point was location to london. dont book if you want to sleep!!!!!!!!!!or…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or410-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent for budget travellers,"I didn't expect too much, but King Solomon is a very good, friendly and clean one. The breakfast is better than in a 3star hotel. Location is also fine.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or410-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Experience,"A friend booked this ""place"". We are no longer friends. This is not a hotel. Finding the room was an experience with a maze of hallways and a range aromas to accompany the journey. Would not recommend this place. Rooms were run down, breakfast was terrible.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or410-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Underrated Budget Accomodation in London....,"Booked a room at the King Solomon for two nights over the holiday period for some last-minute Christmas shopping and I was pleasantly surprised. Reading some of the reviews, I was a bit hesitant, but the hotel is well-located, clean, and functional. Rooms were tidy w/ flat-screen TV's and the breakfast was in a light, airy cafe---they even serve bagels! The hotel is located on a leafy road with a nice business district + great Tube access. Definitely a good budget hotel option in London!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or415-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The only reason to stay here is if location was essential,Depressing rooms. Worst point is the acoustics. Can hear everything going on everywhere around the hotel. Walls seem to be made of paper.  Ridiculous price for a 0 star hotel. Which is what I would give it.  The title says it all ,Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or415-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",great for our needs.,4 of us booked a family room at the King Soloman for an overnight stay. We arrived 2 hours before check in but was told 5 minuters and the room is yours. 2-3 minutes later we were in our surprisingly roomy and spotless room.  2 flat screen TV's tea and coffee making facilities small sofa couldn't ask for more.  Breakfast was in a comfortable dining area and was perfectly acceptable for the price we paid.  I felt I had to write the review as some of the reviews here were unbelievable. I have now stayed at 2 hotels which have received scathing reviews on Tripadvisor both totally unfounded.  In short no complaints whatsoever.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or415-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Me, my sister and my 2 daughters stayed here on Saturday 10th December 2011 as we had tickets for the X Factor final at Wembley Arena, we arrived at 12.30 even though we knew check in was 14.00hrs, on arrival we we greeted by a very nice guy who told us ""I'll see if your room is ready"" within minutes he came back and told us it was and we could check in. Our room was on the ground floor which we found quite easy, on entering the room the heat hit us but as it was a bitter cold day we wasn't complaining. When we opened the door it lead into a small sitting area with a small sofa, chair, fridge and table complete with a kettle, 4 cups and saucers and plenty of coffee, tea, sugar and milk, through another door was the bedroom, the room was quite small with 2 double beds, which were…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or415-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",love juice on bedding!! Dont need to say more but....,"Upon arrival, bathroom light switch could not be detected, so called reception, whilst discovering the tv does not work either and no remote. Staff came up, but did not know what he was doing so asked someone else to come in. light sorted but no tele! Apparent aerial failure on the roof though only ours is affected. Bathroom floor tiles are a major hazard, chair is extremely unstable. A pigeon nested just outside bathroom window, and window seems to just lead to a gap in wall between rooms. No towel rail, wooden blocks holding u bend and sink up. Cables hanging everywhere. Everuthing looks old and grotty. Then upon gettin into bed, I find what can only be described as human secreation, a large amount too so dont know how they missed it. Dont b fooled by the pictures, the…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or415-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",This place is aweful,"Stayed in this hotel because it was convent and not too expensive!!  The place was absolutely disgusting!!! The carpets smelt on the way up to my room. Got in my room and even though I paid for a double bed I was given a single, I went to complain and was told no double rooms available and was not even given the difference between a double and single (was told to write a letter). When in the room I pulled back the covers to find faint blood stains on the sheets absolutely filth. Next morning walked into the breakfast area and I would have had food poisoning if I eat in there (cook with no gloves and long fingernails actually handling scrambled egg with her hands…. Please take it from me and don’t stay there!!!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or420-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",One night was more than enough,"The hotel was awful. The staircase smelt really bad and it carried through into our bedroom. The room was a decent size but it was smelly and noisey with the generators from the restaurant next door working throughout the night. The view from the bird strained window, was one of the hotel roof, which was littered with old socks, mdf, and other rubbish. The shower was cold, and I'm not even sure if the towels were clean!!!  On a plus note, the breakfast was lovely, from the restaurant next door. The staff in the restaurant  were really nice. Overall, one night was enough, and never again. It was an experience.",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or420-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I'm sick they have my money,"Last month, I had the unfortunate opportunity of staying at the King Solomon hotel in Golder’s Green, an area of London, England.  Had I known what I was to experience, I would have never booked my stay there and I would have warned anyone considering the misfortune - which I am about to do now - of ever even entertaining the thought of staying there.   While I admit that London is one of the world’s most expensive cities, and you would be hard pressed to find anything less expensive than around eighty Euro per person/night at a hotel - I’d honestly rather spend a little extra (and I’m a very frugal person) than ever stay in a place like this again.  If I were forced to look at the hotel from the perspective of the glass being half full, then I would say that the bed was…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or420-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but..,"It is a nice hotel, the stuff is very helpfull and friendly. 10 minutes away (by foot) from a Tube and Bus mini central station. 10 minutes away from a local pub. But, the rooms are not very clean. We got double bed room with 2 single beds, and when we tried to move them, we found a very dirty carpet. The bathroom was very small. So, accept those things, the hotel is nice.  BTW the food is Kosher",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or420-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","So uncomfortable, hot stuffy :(","Hi, im sorry but im really angry  i paid the `standard rate` of 50 per night (thats almost 100 dollars, and will anywhere else in the country get you a nice posh room.. here not so much the case)  i stayed for 5 nights --250 pounds  the place advetises internet but doesnt say that if you want it for 24 hours its 9 pounds!  so i spent almost an extra tenner a day (45 pounds) on internet alone!!! something most places have as a basic addition to room for free!!!  the rooms, were scorching hot! after 11pm, even with the windows open it was so hot, it was almost impossible to sleep! it can not be blamed on the weather as it was actually raining outside!  i was so miserable every night there and wished to God i hadnt paid all that money!  oh and the eastern european manager woman at…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or420-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",the worst we have ever experienced and would not recommend it,the room was so small my partner had to keep his head at an angle so not to hit it off the curved ceiling and breakfast was lettuce lettuce and more lettuce,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or425-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"This hotel was terrible, we booked it just for one night as we was going to a concert in Wembley Arena, it showed on the website that it was close to Wembley Arena but in fact it was a 45 minute bus ride away, you can't check in until 2pm and checkout is 10am!!  The staff are very unhelpful and not very pleasant or friendly at all.   The room was disgusting, we booked a double room and it had a double bed and a single in it, it made my skin crawl, the walls where damp and had dirty marks on them, the bed looked like just a camp bed!!! The curtains, windows, carpet, cushions everything was just disgusting and looked so old and cheap.  This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in....I didn't even want to get into the bed!!  We was then woken up at 7.30am with a workman and his…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or425-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"I chose it because of the location as I had work in that area. There is nothing I liked or would recommend at this hotel.  I read mixed reviews about this hotel on various websites but because I didn't have any other choice I booked it. I would like to point out that the pictures put up on the website are misleading.Even hostels have better infrastructure than this hotel. The experience was even more bad because of the exorbitant rates charged by this hotel. The 'continental breakfast' consisted of bread that was stale (both the days that I was there, the bread was stale), coffee tasted weird and even the salad wasnt fresh. The way to reach the room was more like back passages of a run-down factory.I Stayed in single room and without exaggeration, the bathroom was tiny and…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or425-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and very very basic but clean and staff were excellent,Had a two night stay here this month. I picked it as it was close to Middlesex University . When we arrived i was shocked at how delapidated it was and contemplated changing hotels. The bathroom had all been recently refurbished so that wasn't to bad and upon futher examination the beds and rooms were old but clean. We decided to stay and were glad we did as it was the perfect location for what we wanted we were only sleeping there and the beds weren't bad. However the staff were freindly and obliging and for the money which was 30 euro each per night i'm not gpoing to complain. though i would not stay there again as I firmly beleive that you get what you pay for !!!!,Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or425-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Total rip off - vile and disgusting,"I booked a twin room online at twice the price my friend paid for a triple days before. On arrival we had to ask to be moved as the stench of sewage coming from the bathroom was overpowering. The second room didn't smell as bad to start with but by the time we got in later in the evening it was again stinking. The shower door would not open because the light fitting was in the way, the shower was black with mould, the walls were running with grease and grime, the furniture was stained and the carpet was thick with dust. The breakfast was inedible and quite frankly after a night there I could not bring myself to eat anyway. The whole place stunk of damp, mould and cigarettes. I absolutely categorically would not recommend spending one minute in this disgusting hovel.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or425-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A terrible experience!,"We had an awful experience at this hotel.  We booked a twin room but was allocated a double and given no other choice, just told the hotel was full. The corridors smelt of cigarettes and were generaly dirty. The room was very basic and depressing, the bed was on an iron frame, no head board, every wall was covered with stains and dirt.  The bathroom had no window and the shower cubile covered in mould the door could only be opened 10 inches as it hit a ceiling light.  There was a smell of sewers from the bathroom, by the morning after having the door shut all night it was so bad we could not use the bathroom,  There was a sky light that had no cover on it and the second sky light just looked out to the roof tops.  The cups were covered with black soot that had come in from the…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or430-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"I stayed here with my son for 9 days in June-July 2011 and had booked with a measure of apprehension based on some fairly extreme and indeed hostile feedback on TripAdvisor. We were pleasantly surprised. The Ritz it’s not, but our 9 day stay cost us GBP 651, i.e. about GBP 70 a night for a double room. In fact, we were given a triple room with a double bed and a single at no extra charge. The room was very clean and the bed linen and the towels in the adjoining bathroom were refreshed daily. The staff were pleasant and accommodating. There is a neighboring kosher restaurant, which serves as the breakfast venue and the food (Italian dairy and fish) was excellent, and the staff extremely pleasant and willing.  We have stayed in Golders Green many times. This hotel is at least GBP…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or430-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful..do not waste your money,"Went to see a Take That concert in Wembley and this was the only hotel that the four of us could get into without paying over £150 per room. Room was like a steam box and had to walk up 3 flights of stairs as the lift was broken. Only one power point in room and the shower was broken, complained on arrival and still nothing was done by day of departure. Breakfast..was what they call continental style consisting of tuna, egg, cucumber and tomato salad..oh yes there was cereals and toast...friut juice was in fact orange squash..!! The ony good point to the hotel was the fact we only stayed 1 night !!!!",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or430-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerfull,"A few communication problems when checking in as the hotel is run by all foreigners, the room was okay very basic. the shower leaked and when my friend went to open the bathroom door the handle snapped off. The breakfast was terrible it consisted of toast,tuna,cheese and hard boiled eggsthats about it. the location is pretty decent plenty of places to eat and get out around, its also on a good bus route.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or430-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",They should Pay You To Stay,"What a dump. No lift so you have to walk up very steep stairs. I had  a front facing room but the bed had been turned round so it was not possible to watch the TV in bed.   The room was cold with no heat.I told reception about this but they never fixed it.  Every time i went to the cupboard i banged my head on the low wall.   The breakfast was uneatable.Egg that tasted off,stale rolls,and foul tasting coffee. I had booked for 2 nights but i missed brekfast the second day.    The only good thing is the area. I got a lovely breakfast the next day at a cafe on Golders Green Rd.     Anyone who says this hotel is good with good food must be on drugs,or they have never been anywhere. For an extra few pounds you can stay in a decent hotel in central London. I only stayed there because…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or430-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",dont stay in this hotel - substandard condition,"This hotel is totally substandard. Our 2 days there were the worst hotel experience of our life. We paid a ridiculously high price for a double room that was terribly filthy: the walls were stained with something that could be any fluid imaginable, there was mold in the windows and particularly in the bathroom walls; the carpet was so disgusting that we had to use sandals, the smoke alarm went on every time you took a shower, and the breakfast was a shame.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or435-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money stay,Our stay coincided with the European Cup Final on a Bank Holiday weekend so the Hotel was full. The room we were put initially was on the 2nd floor and quite tiny for a couple with a 4 month old baby. The staff was kind enough to put us the next day on the ground floor in a family room.  The family room was a big improvement and that's why I would give them a 4 out of 5. We enjoyed our staying there and for the money we paid we might as well coming back next time.,Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or435-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",dont stay on a thursday.... its closed,"Stayed for one night on business only room available at alst minute  what a shame its just not worth the trouible, The room smells, the pillows smell, there are bugs in the bathroom and the bedroom, its just not a nice pace to stay. the tv only has 3 channels  Its more like a doss house than a hotel, no one spoke much English, and residents were more like refugees   Definatley a place to avoid, even the brekfast was poor, bread was dried and stale , orange juice was like colured water the only good thing was the coffee and that because with the exception of the hot water you did it all your self",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or435-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",cheap hovel,"The price was the main attraction as we had to stay close to Hendon.Tiny, filthy room. No good points, no comment.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or435-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","I've stayed in better hotels costing $1 in Vietnam, at least then you expect this level of hygene.","Where to start.  The good points.  The location is good and the parking is for free. The bad points. The room smells horribly of smoke. The sheets may be clean but the smell is in the pillows and duvet. The doors slam loudly at night. The management seem more bothered in blaming the staff than in resolving the issues. The room is covered in a layer of grime, the construction is cheap and shoddy and in places falling apart. The shower did not work, stuck on blindingly hot. We should have looked at the reviews more closely- but convenience led us here. It will not again.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or435-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, friendly hotel in a good part of North London","I have stayed at this hotel since November 2010 as I am working in London on a medium to long term contract. I used to stay at The Holiday Inn Express and only stumbled accross this hotel when the Express was full. Now I won't go back! The King Solomon may not be as posh  but it represents much greater value for money. Clean rooms, free parking, a great location for food and drink, plus first rate staff all add to a very pleasant stay at The King Solomon.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or440-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",This is more like a hostel,"Small room with strange smell; no hanging space; no bedside light, just a very intrusive neon type light in bedroom.  It was clean but so basic. Bathroom had cracked tiles and no plug in sink.   Cool in the evening and overhot in the night.  Quite noisy with firedoors squeaking and banging all night.  Breakfast was adequate in a pleasant dining room.",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or440-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","good, fair prices, friendly, well-maintained - would definitely recommend","we will stay here again.  we were in town for a very stressful period of time, and found the hotel a great retreat from stress etc.  if we needed to make urgent phone calls, the cleaning and maintenance staff were very understanding, good-humoured and flexible about coming back later.  the front desk staff were calm and sensible.  the rooms were attractive; if we came back to London for a more positive experience, such as a holiday, we would definitely consider coming here again.  there seemed to be a nice atmosphere.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or440-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"We booked King Solomon for one night because it was the cheapest we could find.  Bearing this in mind, I was impressed.  It was clean and comfortable.  Small, but FINE. Breakfast was included (always a winner in my book), there's free parking and the staff were friendly.  My one complaint: you can hear everyone moving around, all the time...which can be irritating.  All in all I think it is important to remember that in life you get what you pay for! If you want better, pay more :)  Also: If you're going to use the word awful, learn to spell it.",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or440-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!",Easily the worst place we have ever stayed. I have stayed in some dingy places while backpacking in Australia and NZ but this place gets first prize for the smelliest little hole I have ever stayed. The guy at reception was like Shmeegel from Lord of the rings. An unhelpful little greaseball. The room was about the size of an average hotel rooms' bathroom. There was no proper window. Just a tiny little skylight above the bed. I was hitting my head on the ceiling it was so low. My girlfriend was taking a shower and the shower knob came off in her hand. The  toilet didnt flush. The place was filthy and smelled of damp and mould. We both slept in our clothes as the bed was disgusting and had stains all over. There were large holes in the floor under the carpet big enough for your…,Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or440-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value of money,very friendly staff and excellent service","This hotel is conveniently located with all the necessary amenities for business people, as well as families and tourists. The hotel is very clean. Every morning, all guests can enjoy an inclusive (in price) kosher breakfast. The receptionists are polite and always there to help guests. The cleaners and all staff are correctly behaved, friendly and understanding of the needs of each guest. The hotel has Frankie's restaurant where a guest can enjoy a lovely kosher meal in the evening. Also the hotel provides free parking for guests who enjoy to travel by car. The hotel has excellent transport links to Central London, City and the suburbs. Two tube stations (Brent Cross and Golders Green) are just a short walk or bus ride away. Golders Green High Street - just a couple of minutes…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or445-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",lovely place and people,"had a good sleep, nice staff some parking available on site. i will come back and stay here in the future.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or445-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"I have stayed in King Solomon Hotel for a week, it was nice and clean room, friedly staff and tasty breakfast. I am comoong back the next month again",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or445-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"This place was the worse hotel I have ever stayed in . firstly they hadn't got a family room after phoning up 3 weeks before , the receptionist was very rude . They finally gave us a big room and put in extra beds . The toilet leaked , but they wouldn't do any thing about untill the next day, the plugs and light switches were exposed. The window was cracked . There was only on sheet on the matress , so we all slept in our clothes .Next morning a man outside our window repairing the flat roof with a blow torch at 8.00am. The breakfast room was a building site . The best part about staying here is going home . It should be demolished or reported to the enviromental and health and saftey departments of the uk .",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or445-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",what an aweful place,"possibly the worst hotel ive ever stayed in, saw signs of vermin outside, the food wasnt fit for pigs and the staff were most unhelpfull, would rather have spent the night in the bus stop down the road, never again. if heath and safety paid a visit they would have a field day.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or445-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",KING SOLOMON....its junk,"I wouldn't stay in this hotel again if they paid me 1,000 euros a day. There is construction going on in front of and behind the hotel. Its close to a busy street as well. It has got to be the absolute loudest place I have ever stayed in. Every single door in the place SLAMS shut each time its closed and when they are being opened it sounds like somebody is ripping duct tape off the wall. Rooms aren't in the best of conditions either. Huge cracks in the walls in my room. The towels they give you to wash with STINK. Enough...go somewhere else for your own good...you'll thank me.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or450-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You pay for what you get,We stayed for three nights and it only cost us about £210 although this did not include breakfast. We chose the hotel for its cost and also its location as its only a few tube stops from central London. We had a family room and the room was clean enough although the bathroom was tiny. We were hardly in the hotel apart from sleeping there so cant really comment on the staff as we only ever saw the people on reception. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Golders Green tube station. This hotel gives you what you pay for. If you wnat a good hotel in London you will have to pay a lot more and it will probably be worth paying the extra to stay somewhere else.,Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or450-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel i've ever stayed in,.shower groating orange   dirty tiles  black mould on white grouting broken wall lamp bedside lampshade tatty thin frayed carpet between bed and bathroom no sink plug could feel bedsprings++ scribbling on wall dirty skirting,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or450-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of Room 63,"We were given room 63 which is right next to the italian restaurant next door.  The extractor fan noise was deafening!!!!  It went on until at least 11.30pm and then started again at 6.30am.  The bathroom light does not work, frayed towel on bathroom floor as floor mat, the bedside light spins around 360 degrees with a very light touch.  The room was nothing like the one shown on the internet.  The staff are not particularly friendly.   The TV signal was shocking, unable to watch at all.  When I reported it in the morning I was told that the engineer had been yesterday and had not returned to fix it...... I was not convinced.   As for breakfast avoid it and go to the Imperial Cafe just down the road for a lovely cooked breakfast.  The location was ideal for our purpose but I…",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or450-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal hotel for short stay not very far...,Ideal hotel for short stay not very far from central London.   Free parking is a real bonus.   Not the best hotel on the world but comfy and very reasonably priced.    One small critiscm.  No mirror in bathroom.  Why?,Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or450-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Value for Money, free parking, good for access to attractions","Value for Money, free parking, good location for access to London attractions, easy access driving down from the North Shower had some staining or mould in the grout between tiles, but otherwise clean and functional.  Breakfast of cold tuna with sliced tomato and cucumber, cold boiled eggs seemed strange to me.  However cereals and milk, toast and choice of jam were also available.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or455-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Too bad to say! Unprintable!,"I am basically homeless and a specific organisation put me up here and pay for me. Last year I stayed - don't ask - bugs in the beds, bugs in the walls, no toilet roll holder, no towel rail holder - room was smaller than a prison cell!!! couldn't stay in there - spent the whole night in the lobby and at the local newsagents. Asked to be moved - went to see a couple of rooms - one had the toilet and shower straight on the carpet in the middle of the room, with no wall in between - disgusting! Why would you want to see somebody sitting on the loo - and no window to let out all the smells - ie right near bed - gross!!! then i went to see another room and that room was tiny - door to bathroom didn't open coz bed was in the way, but bed was very, very comfortable - still no towel…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or455-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",makes Fawlty Towers looks like The Savoy,"All six of us agreed that the is hotel was the worse we've ever stayed at. Asked for extra pillows and were given pillows without cases. The maid took away our towels after the first night so after we went to a concert on the second and wanted a shower (which was cold) before bed we were unable. Rooms were stuffy, beds were uncomfortable and staff unhelpful. My younger brother explained to the receptionist that  the door to the room was not lock and the receptionist said not to worry about it...",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or455-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Very Basic, Tiny Room, Noisy and Insecure - Not Recommended","I booked a single room, with ensuite for a week while working in london.   Good Point  Shower room was very clean and ample hot water Bad Points Room was so small you could not open the door to the shower room without moving other furniture. Shower room was so small you could not sit straight on the toilet. London was having a warm spell so it was essential to open the bedroom window in order not to suffocate, however this meant being subject to the noise of a large group of children and young adults who appeared to be staying at the hotel virtually unsupervised, shouting, singing, banging doors and generally being extremely inconsiderate until past 11pm each night. The bed was wedged into one end of the room so tightly that to fold the sheets under the mattress you needed to…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or455-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",I would go back,"I booked this due to price - it was the cheapest - but I was anxious due to the bad reviews on this site. However, I was pleasently surprised. The room was big enough, light airy and fresh (no smells!). It was clean and the bathroom was good. The breakfast was what I would have expected and was more than adequate.  Free parking and location ner to tube was adistict advntage. I was particularly careful to note the staff at every opportunity as they have been heavily criticised here. Either they have completely new staff or people are unreasonable. They were friendly and helpful. My wife is fussy but she was happy with our stay. Bottom line: value for money.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or455-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting,"I can't believe we actually paid to stay in ths awful place............. BATHROOM.... dirty, shower full of mildew and someone had covered up the mouldy grout with silicone which was falling off !!!!! No mat on the floor, just a hand towel !!!???? why a towel i ask my self? , shelf above hand basin and toilet roll holder falling off wall . ROOM .......tiny...we had a family room , 2 double beds, we were under the impression there was 2 singles as we have a boy and a girl, who really are not keen on sharing a bed !!! beds, reasonably comfy, slept on worse.. romm had been recently painted and absolutley stunk, i am glad none of us suffered with asthma as there would have been a major problem. BREAKFAST ....omg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no organisation, to make a cup of tea you had to walk…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or460-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",dont stay here,"where do i start the rooms are not clean,and so tiny could barely move in  it the staff are ignorant and unfriendly breakfast consists of toast of which someone stands gaurd to make sure you dont have too much the orange juice is cheap warm squash and the coffee cheap i also think it is the local hang out for young gangs as i was mortified to arrive back at the hotel in the evening and have to walk through a gang of youths blocking the door and sitting all over my car,the walls are thin you will not sleep here i was knackered after my stay .STAY CLEAR OF THIS HOTEL",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or460-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",hotel - hahaha thats a joke for a start!,dump - how do i even start - the staff should have been exhibits in madame tussauds - the room was the size of a matchbox- the window was broken - the toilet handle fell off on numerous occasions - the tv which was probably made in 1842 didn't work - if toast is your preference for breakfast - then join the queue of ravenous toast stealing rude guests. the decor in the room makes fawlty towers look like the ritz - i will never ever ever go back to this hole ever again. the  best thing about the hotel was the road to the tube station. errrrr we even had to ask for clean towels on a daily basis - do these people never wash!!,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or460-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"I went to work in Golders Green for 18 months and the first hotel I chose to stop in was the King Solomon. Okay it was reasonably priced.   It was not a pleasant experience.  On the plus side it is reasonably priced and has a good location.  On the minus side the hotel is shabby, the rooms dirty, every room I stopped in had a problem with it be it the shower head, the TV, the bed linen, the towels. One left the shower feeling dirtier than when one entered.  The staff on reception were generally unhelpful and in some cases rude. Every week when I checked out they demanded to know if I had made any phone calls, not asked, demanded.  The walls were paper thin so some nights you could hear people in the room next to you talking on the phone.  The last week I spent there I was around…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or460-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Adequate, no frills","Having seen previous reviews, we stayed here with  trepidation, but had no choice as other hotels in area were fully booked. It's really not that bad. Yes the room was basic, reception staff fairly disinterested, breakfast not to our taste. However it was clean enough, and very cheap..we only paid £59 for a double with free parking. There was a decent pub just down the rd called the White Swan, which served reasonably priced and not bad food. The tube is a few minutes walk at Golders Green and just one stop to fashionable Hampstead with its nice bars and restaurants and Euston about another 10 mins further. If your looking for the ritz and staff falling over themselves to help, forget it. However  it's fine as somewhere to get your head down and to explore London.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or460-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","very good value for money , defo back again","ok i'll make it quick . before i airved to it i read so much about it evey one saying bad stuff about it and so , i was first not sure but i gave it a try , and honestly i arived frindly fast welcome i paied he showed me the way to my room as it's not easy to get to it . the room was nice and big enough with a duoble bed as i requested with a bath in the bath room. good breakfast  and the location is sooo good .  the bad things about the hotel first the hot water in the morning runs out quick as every one is having a shower , the towles the first day i had 4 , the next day i had 3 then 2 then 1 . lol ( i stayed for a week ) . one night the room next to me were having a gang bang party i heared every thing as if it was in my room ..lol as for the room key each day i had to…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or465-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great cheap hotel convenient for central London,"This is a remarkably cheap hotel, (£23 per person in a triple room) in Golders Green, North London. It isn't luxury by any means and could do with a refurb, but that would no doubt increase prices. Its got a free car park, clean bedrooms and bathrooms, friendly staff and adequate complimentary breakfast, its 5 minutes from Golders Green (nice safe area with loads of shops and restaurants) tube station from which its 15 minutes to Leicester Square. The dividing walls are a bit thin and the furniture is a bit knocked about but if you're looking for a cheap convenient London for a sightseeing break this place is ideal.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or465-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","rude owner , never to britain again because of him !!!","don`t stay here unless you are rude enough to give the right answer to the people working there and to their boss . take your brekfast with you , they are going to comment on your presense in the restaurant . my first time in britain and never come back because of this rude people . if you are on holiday stay anywhere else , or better go to another country .",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or465-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and friendly,"24h reception which meant we could get there past 11pm and get a warm welcoming by their friendly staff.Nice rooms, comfortable and spacious. The bathroom was modern and with a great shower ! Breakfast was seriously good (which, considering we were there for a race event nearby, was most than appreciated ! ). Located on the highway of one of London's loveliest districts.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or465-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"The lady at reception was polite enough, but the male staff were obnoxious, rude and aggressive. I was ‘told off’ by one male for parking where I was told to! The room was vile, obviously someone had been smoking as it stunk of cigarettes and damp. The electrical cable for the fridge was taped to a different plug  - slightly dangerous?! (I found it rather funny that the fridge was due for its next test in March ’09!! – almost a year out of date!) The TV had 2 channels and the aerial cable was bare! There was no headboard on the bed – it looked more like a hostel. The room was a good size but all the fixtures and fittings were very, very poor. Bathroom tiles were dirty and the floor was sticky. The breakfast was just awful. Orange squash being served as ‘orange juice’ – how rude.…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or465-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Good value place that is often misunderstood,"King Solomons gets a bad rap for unfair reasons. It is a budget hotel and cheaper than just about any of the competition. For the price it is excellent value. Some of the rooms are better than others, but they are generally clean. I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful, but they are sometimes put under stress because of the different types of clients they get: both mainstream people looking for a reasonable deal of specifically a kosher hotel and people out for a cheap dive who may be getting drunk or behaving in other undesirable ways.  With so many complaints about the breakfast, I should say that the food is really top notch for a bed and breakfast in this price range. The bagels are great, and there's plenty of cereals. As to the salads so few people understand, well,…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or470-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Glad I didn't cancel !,"Our daughter dances frequently in London which fairly often, requires a one or two night stopover. This becomes quite expensive so whilst searching around dozens and dozens and dozens of hotels in this and several nearby areas, we came across the King Solomon. The price was the main attraction-many others were at LEAST twice/three/four times expensive-so we booked it.....rather last minute ! The day after booking it, I went on this website and began reading the - mostly dreadful - reviews and started to panic ! I am SO fussy when it comes to hotels ( daughters dancing takes us occasionally to Blackpool......say no more about hotels THERE ! ) so I immediately started searching again for another hotel. However, as it was only a day before we were due to go, I really didn't have…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or470-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Very basic hotel -stayed there one night in the family room - looks like some improvements being made. Had tv and ensuite and sheets clean - room only had a small window looking out onto a wall! Breakfast was ok - bit strange - tuna mayo and egg mayo, toast, bagels, cereals and salad. Receptionist with the long dark hair was very friendly and helpful. Location was good and tube only 10 min walk away. Good having on site parking",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or470-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We have only stayed there one night and thank god for that because I couldn't have stayed for a second one... The location of the hotel is not bad, only a few minutes walk from the underground station. We stayed in the cheapest room (55 pounds) and it was awful. The room was stinking of fags, there was no TV and not even a bin!! The curtains would not close properly, so we had to use a hairclip to keep them together, the door kept shaking and creaking everytime someone walked past it and i know this is not the hotels fault but this drunk woman came at 2 am and she would not shut up! the breakfast was quite good. Overall, it was not a very pleasant experience",Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or470-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible reception service,"I advise anyone who is making plans to stay at this hotel.(Don't) the reception service there is terrible.I neva experience anything like this in my whole life,this was the biggest nightmare I ever had.The reception service gives you poor customer service,they are very grummpy and disgustin,this is the worst recption customer service I have ever gotten in my life.The internet service service is poor cant even get online only if you come to the reception area then when you're there trying to use the internet its so small they run you out.Them is so grummpy and full of stress there please dont go there to spoil your vacation or stay.my advise is for u guys to get good customer service training.u will need it for the furture.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or470-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","after all, it wasn't bad.","Of course, it's hard to get a hotel in London, if you're on a budget. So we decided for 2 single rooms in King Salomon. Well it's everything else, then being central, but hey, i like a nice journey by the tube. The breakfast was very OK, eggs, cereals, white bread and rolls, strange salads (tuna), but also cheese, jam, chocolate cream and so on. The rooms were not large, but clean, although the walls could get a new paint. But i'm sleeping there, not living. I would maybe come back, but since London is such a large city, i would also test another hotel. Staff was very very friendly and helpful. Ask for a room upstairs!",Date of stay: November 2008,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or475-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"The room was very nice and the staff was quite polite and kind. Not a bad hotel, but it's really far from the center and the breakfast sux. Only tuna salad and some egg thing which wasn't so bad.   If you're just searching for a good room to sleep in at good rates, do choose it. But if you think 10 stations from downtown is close and if you're a fan of breakfast... Don't.   Also no WiFi in the rooms.   And if you go to the restaurant, be careful what you order, food's quite expensive and weird. :)",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or475-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever,"The room was small and very poor. It is the worst hotel I ever stayed at. It was so cold inside and the bathroom was so small and so not nice. The breakfast was the ""best"" part of the this hotel. I will not recommend anyone to stay there...............",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or475-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Cheep and cheerful,"Me and my partner were going to watch an oasis concert on the Sunday so we thought we would make a weekend out of it. We had read all the reviews and had to say we were a bit wary as they are all negative. However on arrival we were very suprised as the hotel was very nice and the staff were lovely, polite and helpful. The room was a bit small but it was adequate as you got what you payed for. The room was very clean and the maids maintained the room every morning.  It was a very friendly place with easy access into the town and London centre.  There were a few negative points though as we didnt like having to pay for the room up front, just in case there were any problems. Also it was noisy on a night up until early hours of the morning, this is mostly down to the occupants of…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or475-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great for Cheap place to crash for girls or lads weekends.,"This hotel is fine there is nothing wrong with it for the price you pay.  It is clean the beds are ok.  The breakfast is a little weird with there being Tuna and salad but you could have plenty of toast cereal tea and coffee., just no fry up. You get what you pay for we paid £20 each including breakfast for that price it was fine.  We requsted a fan for our room and one was dleivered straight away I really don't think the staff are rude.  If I wanted a romantic weekend with my boyfriend I wouldn't stay here but for groups its great.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or475-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Great location & friendly staff - Good value - you get what you pay for!,"Stayed here with a group of friends when we were going to a Take That Concert at Wembley.  It was perfect for what we needed - cheap and cheerful.  It was clean and the staff were friendly.  It was a baking hot day and we asked for a fan and it was delivered to the room within minutes - what more can you ask for?! Rooms were fine, we only needed a shower and bed for the night and it served its purpose. Yes you do get tuna for breakfast but there are plenty of other choices - and tuna was actually quite nice with a hangover! I would recommend this hotel and we all agreed we would stay here again. Great location for Wembley!",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or480-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",what a dump,"discusing is a very polite way to discribe this hotel, i think they need to give there cleaners some lessons my room was up 2 flights of stairs and didnt even look like it had been hovered! the whole hotel needed a good scrub,as for the breakfast yuk!! it consisted of cold boiled eggs tuna mayo tomatos cucumber and bread(the toaster wasnt working) also orange juice from a machine that included nice black bits! if your looking for a good ENGLISH brekkie you wont find it here.horrible dirty and smelly.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or480-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",the only good thing about it is its location,"If you're looking for good service, friendliness, obliging staff, (eg requesting a blanket for your cold room only to be told it's possible the following day which was the day I was due to leave),  you aint going to find it here!",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or480-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",don't do it.,"Where shall I start... arrived in reception and given a hand drawn map to find our room which took us up narrow corridors (smelly),fire escapes, weird cranky stairs until we finally arrived 20 minutes later to our room as the room numbers did not go up in order for example room numbers 1. 2. 3 .4 .16. 78. 79. 80. 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Our room should of been a twin but was a double it was really really hot because the radiator was scorching and surrounded by wood so you could not turn it down. we then took a while to find our way back to reception and was told that we could have another room which was a twin room but between the beds slap bang in the middle of the room was a full size fridge(god knows what was in it). We then had a look at our bathroom and as I opened the shower…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or480-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",do not stay at this hotel,"it was worst hotel ever i stayed in.we were there for bank holiday. room were okay, but main horror started after 9.00pm, room radiator start making loud noise  every 15mins, and carried on for whole night, we try to phoned reception, phone wasn't working, i had to go to the reception, they said somebody will come and check, no one came, meanwhile, noise was getting louder, we couldn't sleep whale night, in morning, we went to see manager, he wasn't help full, i would advise to everyone  look some were else. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or480-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE- DISGUSTING SERVICE,"I booked a room over the internet for my fiance, as this hotel was in an ideal location, and was the cheapest. Upon arrival, my fiance wanted to confirm the room was paid for in full. He was told no. My fiance telephoned me to tell me I would have to give my card details AGAIN, over the phone. Whilst in the middle of talking to my fiance and just before he handed the phone over to me, he took another call and took another booking and just left my faince standing there in reception. Finally, I speak to him on the phone and ask if I can now pay over the phone- No. I said I would give him full authorisation and would give all my card/ address details for him to take payment. No. He needs my written authorisation. Whilst I am in the middle of talking to him, he decides he has enough…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or485-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",second worst hotel ever,"What an experience , After 17 years staying in hotels this was an eye opener, Had booked into the nearby Martel hotel, WHICH WAS THE WORST EVER, Having booked into King Solomon Hotel to get out of one night mare straight to another, Foreign guy at reception tried to be helpfull , In making me pay up front, Then COULD NOT FIND ME A ROOM THAT WAS READY, 3PM MAY i ADD, offered me a room took keycard , opened door and room undone, When I went to reception , the guy helpfull as ever offered me sheets etc if I wanted to make up room myself , As I complained I had 11 hour drive to get there,  Wish I had taken up on his offer , as there only one other room ,  I was offered double bed , which I say that be ok, just been cleaned ,so i took it, Size room ok,  Double bed hard as bricks, but…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or485-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in the entire world?,"My wife and I had the misfortune to stay at the King Solomon Hotel for one night at the tail end of our honeymoon.  After a wonderful week together in Brighton, we'd decided to stop in London for a night and go to see a show in the West End.  We found this hotel online and it seemed to offer a decent price and good, basic facilities i .e. a bed, en-suite, tea/coffee, TV etc.  However, my advice to to you is as follows.  Unless it's scathing in its criticism, do not believe anything that you read about this establishment.  For the owners to even call this a ""hotel"" would seem, to me, to be an offence under the trade descriptions act.  It is nothing more than a filthy, dirty, unhygenic, worn-out, broken-down dump.  To be frank, all the adjectives and words of criticism that the…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or485-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"We had to stay at this hotel with my colleague. When we came to the hotel, we needed approximately one hour to take a deep breath from what we saw. Our rooms was booked & payed for 2 nights but I leaved to find some other accommodation. My colleague stayed. We met the very next day and my colleague told me his experience from his night-mare night. He had a room at the very top of hotel, when he at last lifted all his stuffs to the room he realized that it's a very small, dark room with no window. Sorry, it had a window - but it looked like a prison window near the roof. Room very smelled, there was splitter bed with dirty covers, in the bathroom there was dirty basin and the water didn't flushed out and the walls was full of moulds. After this experience he decided to change the…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or485-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Okay, but some problems!","I was there for two days with a buddy. If a bed is what you want this hotel is good because of the price. But i will not recommend this one to any persons with any kind of body troubles as it is alot of small stairs up to the rooms.  They have an ALARM TEST every sunday at 11 AM, its absolutely anoying and took about 20-30 min. And still the alarm went outt twice on sunday evening.  Breakfast is ok. however their food seems to be reused the day after if not used (the tuna seemed to be used both mornings and packed away for reuse again later!).  The hotel is placed in a very nice jewish quarter, and it is easy to get to it by train, and a bus is driving a yard away from the reception´.  Overall i got what i wanted and nothing more.",Date of stay: October 2008,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or485-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","King Solomon's Hotel, Golders Green, London","e As a child, after watching Planet of the Apes on television, i had recurring nightmares, where i'd walk through a deserted city, mouldy and stale, anxious because in each dark passage hidden eyes were peering at me...   If you've had this type of nightmares: enhance this dreary feeling of impending doom by a thousand, and you'll get the general impression this hotel left.  If you haven't, let me give you some examples of how we liked the hotel.  I say hotel, because as you pay to sleep there, it technically is a hotel.  If the place were for free, the term 'City dump' or hellhole would be more aptly suited.     The corridors, rooms, doorknobs, light switches, toilet, carpets, walls, ... were dirty. I'm talking about years of accumulated dead skin cells, greasy paws, sex…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or490-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place at all costs,"Stayed at hotel for one night and never again. On arrival we were told our booking had been cancelled by one of their staff, no explanation given,they did have a room however in the new annexe. So out of front door, down a dirty building site, up narrow stairs to our luxury room. No chairs,no tv,no tea or coffee, no curtains, no light shades,no drawers just 2 single unmade beds and a bathroom with tiles and sink plugs missing. The room was clean but this is because no one had stayed in it, it was still being built !!! Having complained to reception we eventually got a small tv and tray with tea coffee and kettle. I asked at reception if they had a bar and was told no. In the morning at breakfast we had to walk through the none existent bar to get to the dining room, apparently…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or490-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",stay away from this hotel,"i stayed in this hotel in sept 2007 the room we were given was in the extention part of the hotel which meant having to cross thru a wooden fly infested passageway which lead to the resturant at the back. we opened the door leading into the extention to be confronted by a dull and dirty looking corridor. our room was on the first floor our first impression was that the ensuite room was ok, the beds were clean but i found a dirty used towel stuffed down the side of my bed which i thought was bad as this showed the rooms were not cleaned properly. the ensuite was very basic with a tiny shower cubicle which meant banging your elbows off the wall when washing. our first night in the room was ok, but the breakfast was terrible, this is a kosher breakfast but everything is laid out…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or490-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Beyond Belief...!,"Stayed just one night at the King Solomon Hotel as it was ideally situated for the Picnic Concerts at Kenwood House.  On arrival, we were asked to find our room (no easy task through a rabbit warren of corridors) and then go back to reception to register!   (Finally!) found our room, to discover the roof light had been left open and heavy rain had completely drenched the TV.   So... back down to Reception to report this potential hazard, along with the fact that our 'Tea/Coffee making facilities' consisted of 2 cups/saucers and several pods of cream! We requested a kettle, two extra pillows & the TV be checked, and went off to our concert.  Later, we returned to find no pillows, no kettle and a TV still not working. We called Reception to be told that there were no extra pillows…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or490-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Seen better, seen worse","I tried to find a nice and cheap hotel which seems to be very rare in London. Finally I chose this one even I was a little worried because of some previous reviews. I stayed in King Solomon Hotel three nights and find it quite satisfying. There were several things that I disliked but the basic standards were met: clean sheets, warm shower, nice and peaceful neighbourhood etc. Also the connetions to central  London and Heathrow were good but tube ride takes some time (Golders Green, Nothern line, zone 3).  The biggest cons were lousy breakfast, wornout furniture, early check-out time (10 am), narrow corridors and steep stairs (might not be suitable for disabled). It was also quite annoying that the cleaner’s masterkey resets the lock. Therefore the key card had to be re-coded at…",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or490-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","King Solomon Hotel, extremely basic",I was looking for a hotel for one night and really just to sleep so it didn't matter about luxury. When I saw the King Solomon Hotel advertised at a very cheap price I thought I would take it. Having seen the hotel from the outside before I thought it would be decent.   When I got there the receptionist was very unfriendly.  I was surprised the first thing he told me was to pay before I had even seen the room. Then he proceeded to give me the key and told me 2nd floor. I asked if there was a lift and he said through the door. Low and behold there were a lot of steep very narrow stairs facing me. I struggled up to my floor with suitcase.  Once I went into the room I realised why the price was so cheap. It was very small and just not up to scratch. The radiator didn't work and it…,Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or495-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",You will be glad to leave - we were.,"We booked 3 single rooms as we need to be in London for one night as we had a business event to attend. All we wanted was a clean, no frills room with a shower and bed. Was that too much to ask.  When we got there we were not asked for address details and this wasn't taken when we reserved over the phone - all they were interested in was the money. We were given our swipe card and sent to our rooms. The first room I was sent to was room 80 was at the very top of the hotel, I opened the door and was amazed this could be called a room, the closet under my stairs is bigger, you couldn't even stand up it was that small. There was a velux style window with no blind so I went straight back to reception and complained.  They then changed my room to room 81 next door (the owner said…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or495-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",nice and friendly,stayed with my family for a week and enjoyed it very clean and staff very help full will stay there again,Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or495-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Ho my god!,"This hotel is clean, cheap and in a good location. So it sounds good except two little details:  - Our camera has been stolen in our room. And we don't speak English properly... The staff didn't help us, no manager, and no compensation for the camera... Brilliant!  - They impose the traditional Jewish ""chabat"" breakfast menu to everybody. Impossible to get hot milk for our children... Excellent!  So again, it's clean, cheap and in a good location but NEVER go there!",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or495-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Crap,It was a mess. The toilet had a massive pebble dash that had been left there that long it was stuck on the bottom of the toilet.  We could hear some couples domestic going on as the walls were that thin. The staff called my home up at 3 o clock in the morning to ask if I was turning up even though I had checked in already. It was handy as it was close to where I was intending to go. I wouldn't recomend it though.,Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or495-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Park-benches are more luxurious that this dump,"I've given this hotel one mark out of five and that is being extremely generous.   Where to start..? How about the positives...just one I can think of which was checking out (10am might seem early as the latest time to check-out, but believe me, I couldn't wait until I left this dump). So, the negatives...  - Just one towel (complete with holes and an unclean smell) to share between two of us - not even a hand-towel or a towel to place on the floor under the shower. - Shower was dirty, and the actual shower head was broken spraying water all over the place. - Rest of the bathroom was just as dirty with a cold water tap that you couldn't turn off. - Forget about any complimentary shower gels or soaps - non-existent. - Also, forget about a kettle, coffee, tea, even glasses to pour…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or500-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",dont believe the description,"Whatever you do, take no notice of the description on the website.  The hotel claims that it has been refurbished and has new rooms.  We booked early and specifically asked for a new double room in the refurbished block.  What we got was a double bed crammed into a single room, the shower smelt of sewage and we had to leave the window open all the time.  The TV did not work and the room was dark and scruffy.  We were there for a convention and many of my friends said that all the rooms were the same.  The site brags of tea, coffee facilties in all rooms - take your own, there is nothing.  No hairdryers either.  There is nothing in this hotel which resembles the description or the photograph on the website. ",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or500-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in,"I have stayed in a few hotels over the past few years and I have to say this is the worst I've ever stayed in.  Firstly, the hotel advertises 'parking', however there is only room for about 4 cars which are at the front of the hotel on the street.  Our room wasn't even in the main hotel and we had to walk to the next street to find it. The lights in our bathroom didn't work, the curtains were falling apart and when I moved the curtains to look out of the window, dirt fell onto my pillow!  As for the service, I asked if I could have a glass or a cup to drink out of (as there was nothing in our room), and I was refused! £56 a night and I can't have a glass?!  Overall, this hotel is old and shabby. The furniture is worn and wobbly and it needs a good clean as well as a lick of…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or500-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go anywhere near - one of the worst accommodations,Worst service and worst people in the hotel. Room was not cleaned when I checked in. £55 not worth at all. I would go for a budget hotel like Travel Inn or Travel Lodge. ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or500-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible !,"My friend found this hotel through internet for us. It looked OK in the photo. But reality is terrible. There was no cover qulit for the sheet. So do u think they will wash it after every guest. The pillow and bed sheet were white. However, when you felt it, esp. the pillow, you knew it was used for a long time and too old to use anymore. The colour of the curtain was fade out. The basin was very small that reminded me of a prison toilet in a movie. The drainage of the basin was very poor. It became full quickly when I washed my hand. The wall had hole and was broken. Everything was old, worn out and made us feel very uncomforable. So after one horrible night, we left the hotel and found another hotel at a cost of 67 pounds per room per nite.  43 pounds nite was not expensive…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or500-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Wow Wow Wow,Hi. Just wanted to share my great experience in the uk. I was in Scotland for few days.  Then I stayed in King Solomon.  I was having  my birthday in London on 14th March. The hotel was brilliant for my requirement. I really liked it. They explained where I can spend my 5 days very efficiently.  That's all. I could not find any bad points to be truthful.  LOVELY. RECOMMENDED ,Date of stay: March 2007,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or505-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",All and all..Rather disgusting,"Don't stay here. **bedbugs** (multiple varieties), smelly and dirty sheets, leaky roof, rude and contemptuous staff, lousy breakfasts... what more could you NOT want? location was *not* terrible - 20 min tube into heart of London... so we put up with it (bedbug bites didnt erupt until we were leaving) but shouldnt have.   After a storm our skylight blew off, leaving us with a 3'x3' opening in our roof (which leaked to start with).  Every day we had to go to the front desk to have our keycards reset.  Sometimes piles of dirty linen left in the hallway all day and night.  Needless to say, I recommend you DO NOT STAY HERE. ",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or505-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bug Bonanza!,"Dump is an understatement.  This place is infested with blood-sucking bed bugs, filthy, smelly, leaking bathrooms and ceilings, nearly impossible to get a hot shower. The staff is consistently rude and actually refused to supply us with toilet paper when we ran out. Food leaves much to be desired. Everything about it is horrible. Stay away! ",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or505-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A dreadful place: definitely avoid,"I put 3 people in here for a weekend seminar; all wanted to move after one night and I had to relocate them. It's dirty (including the sheets), smells of stale smoke, unfriendly, noisy and has an aggressive management style that makes this truly a hotel from hell.   In all seriousness, do not stay here: these people should not be running any sort of hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2006,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or505-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",The Worse Place Ever!!!,you are welcomed by the smoke filled check-in desk. We had to argue to get a room with a fridge. Shower head fell off during shower. Lumps in bed. Dirty linen. This place is so run down and shabby. Avoid at all costs!!!,Date of stay: December 2005,1.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or505-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"This is the worst hotel I've seen for a long time. We booked 4 nights and arrived late on night 1 after a long, long journey from Scotland, the room we were offered was absolutely tiny, smelled strongly and the carpet was actually wet with damp. When we asked for another room we were initially told that there was none available we explained about the damp carpet and were immediately ofered two more rooms. The next room was equally small and damp, the net curtain was black with mould and the doors were hanging off the wardrobe. The last room (the last straw) was the shabiest dirtiest room I've ever been offered. We walked out of the hotel and walked to a nearby one - same price infinitely better.  I wish we'd read this site before booking. ",Date of stay: October 2005,1.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or510-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"We had a family room which was tiny, the bed covers were dirty, the beds were two inches apart, the window didn't close, there was tea and coffee but no milk or kettle!  There were tea stains up the wall and they were generally dirty and could do with a new lick of paint. You couldn't swing a hamster in the bathroom, the toilet seat was broken, the shower took ten minutes to warm up, there was no plug in the sink and the bathroom light didnt' work.   The breakfast is best well avoided, the ""continental"" involved tuna and sweetcorn, chicken mayo, tomato, cucumber, cheese and hardboiled eggs, toast you had to do yourself and coffee that smelt rather ""old"".   I wouldn't let a dog stay in this hotel and if you can avoid it al all costs! ",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or510-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Not exactly the Ritz,"I agree with the last review - this place is the pits! The only good thing about it, was the location. Besides for that everything in the room was broken  or old. This place is good for backpackers or students. Beyond that don't even think about it! ",Date of stay: February 2005,1.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or510-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",very clean and friendly,my girl friend book a room for us we arrieved there so help full so friendly  the breakfast full of it like a five star and the room are not so big but clean the bathroom need some attention will go there again and will recomened all my friend ,Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or510-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",perfect and friendly,stayed therewith my family and ejoyed highly recomended the hotel in referbished and clean ,Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or510-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",A dump,"Advertised amenities not provided, e.g., no hairdryer, no functional TV or room safe, no bath.  Lamp was hanging from wall.  Towels not provided initially, had to walk three stories down and then up to get them - no elevator.  Water temperature ranged alll over the place.  No plug in sink.  Junky furniture in room.  Breakfast questionable (expect to eat somewhere else).   Also, hotel demanded payment in advance in contravention of booking arrangements.  Need to be very careful if you are a foreign visitor, because your credit card will likely not be charged in pounds: it will charged in your own currency, in my case at a worse rate than my own card company would have applied.  Strongly advise to make sure the charge is in pounds, and not your foreign currency - be very careful. …",None,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or515-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Stayed at the King Solomon Hotel for one night 25 September 2004. The hotel was supposedly being renovated, and we had a room on the top floor (no elevator). The room was shabbyand not particularly clean. The bathroom was decrepit, with no stopper in the sink, and a shower that did not drain. In the night we were treated to loud conversations outside the door between other guests - minimal sound-proofing. We did not have the breakfast. The location was convenient, but this did not compensate for the shortcomings of the hotel. The one positive was the pleasant and helful desk clerk, from Sri Lanka, I think. Needless to say we will not be back. ",None,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or515-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Held to ransom,We booked a room here for business purposes for two nights through the internet where credit card details were taken.  On trying to leave this morning (incidentally his room was likened to the broom closet) he was detained as they tried to get us to fax through a photocopy of our company's credit card saying they do not accept internet bookings.  We offered to give the details again over the phone or fax through signed confirmation but refused to photocopy the credit card (is this legal).  Having no joy with the hotel (our gentleman was still detained there at 10am) I phoned the internet company that we had booked through. I gave them all the details and was told to call back in fifteen mintues.  When I finally got through after an hour our gentleman had had to give them his…,None,1.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or515-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, but useful","The beds uncomfortable, breakfast was best avoided. But its 5 minutes from the Subway, its in a nice area (lots of bakeries and shops), the staff were pleasant, and it suited our needs perfectly. ",None,2.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or515-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go here!,"Stayed one night in the King Solomon, never again. Room poky, curtains falling to bits, shower disgusting. Corridors filthy, breakfast poor. Would not return ",None,1.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d254574-Reviews-or515-King_Solomon_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"King Solomon Hotel Reviews, London",terrible,"one of the most unpleasant hotels i have had the misfortune to stay in room was shabby curtains were untouchable,bedside light hanging of wall,shower room disgusting,carpet damp at side of bed complained about the light nothing done, we only stayed two nights out of three and god knows how we managed even that. ",None,1.0
