,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or0-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,Very unclean and badly maintained place. Staff is good and helpful.  When I dropped my key on floor I looked under bed to see cans of juice and cigarette packs from previous customers. The floors hadn’t been cleaned in ages. AVOID,Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or0-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Mouse in a room!,"I  was supposed to stay there for 5 nights. After I realized I had my bread half-eaten by mice (I saw them myself), I was so traumatized that I had to leave. The mice were running fast everywhere in the room. Even covering the space under the door and lights on the whole night didn't help. When I noticed mice, I went to the reception, they acted as if nothing happened and then I was offered a new room, but I had to wait until 8 am!! So I had to wait the whole night at the reception, that was actually infested with mice as well! Please, don't be accommodated here unless you want to be traumatized. Especially room 202.",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or0-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Filthy and stinks of sewage,"Worst place have ever stayed! Booked two nights out the door first thing after first night absolutely disgusting! Didn't mind losing second nights money hopefully they can use it towards cleaning products! Working in hospitality myself they should be ashamed and embarrassed I would be ,don't waste ya money get a clean room that doesn't stink",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or0-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Horrible,"I stayed here recently and the picture on the website is diffrent from when you actually get into the hote, I booked for 3 nights got there and was sooooo dissappointed got into my room kids were so upset by the state of the room they didnt want to stay, i ended up checking out early on the saturday because my kids were so upset of the state i have to find somewhere else to stay, so i asked the manager for a refund because i only stayed 1 night she refused to give me my money and she refused to only give me 1 day back which is unfair, the rooms was so smokey everything electrical in the room does not work didint work the manager was very very rude i rang up to ask about my refund and i could hear her screaming saying she doesnt want to speak to me which was very un proffessional, the staff at the hotel lie alot they have diffrent stories of who the manager is when it comes to money.…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or0-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good place for rats,"This place would be perfect for rats. Damp smelling rooms and halls, very unclean bathrooms, and minimal light into the rooms.  When we got to our room the door was already unlocked without having to use a key so anybody could have been in before us!  We tried to use the bathroom as minimal as possible because of how dirty it was.  Luckily we only had to bare 1 night- purely just to sleep and we stayed out of the hotel as much as we could.  There are plenty of nice places to stay around the area but this is not one of them.  AVOID!",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or5-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Worst experience,"I would advise anyone against staying at this hotel! The hotel in general is very unclean, and the rooms are even worse. We stayed for one night and used the bathroom facilities as little as possible as they were so disgusting. The walls had mould and the wallpaper was peeling in multiple places. After checking out of the hotel, I noticed money had been taken from my bank account from this hotel without my permission 2 days after my stay. When I queried this, I was advised that this was because the room key had not been returned to reception. This is not true, the key was returned when we checked out. They took this money from my account without my permission and without any communication regarding this. I’m shocked at the customer service I received when questioning this.…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or5-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","ABSOLUTE LAST RESORT, avoid at all costs","If you are keen on staying in a hotel where the rooms have 0 windows yet loads of flies and moths, or a hotel that’s toilets smell very badly of sewage with no closing doors to stop the smell roaming around your room and staff that aren’t interested in your complaints, clearly aren’t interested in trying to reassure you and come across rude, unfriendly and very uncaring. This is the perfect place for you! I won’t be recommending this hotel ever and I hope people see this. NOT BE BACK",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or5-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very poor,"Don’t either bother, guy on reception looked like he didn’t want to be there, room was like a broom cupboard it had a three quarter bed used towels in the room a bathroom which was like a caravans stained mattress, don’t be fooled by the photos, just one good point tho was a lady who was very nice on reception when we went back about 3 she shown us to our cupboard I would definitely not recommend this place",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or5-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN AS SOON AS POSSIBLE- DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"This place should be shut down immediately. Do not stay here!!   Was meant to stay here back in Feb with my boyfriend and I was astounded with the staff and state of the room- do you even have cleaners in this hotel? Not by the looks of it... blood on the duvet as soon as we walked in, hairs, wee stains, sewage, crumbs everything. Everything you could think of was wrong with this hotel.   I have never met such a rude man on reception either- not once did he say sorry for the state of the room nor did he care about his job or the guests. Absolutely horrible horrible man- the same can be said about the ‘management’ too.   I cannot stress this enough- DO NOT STAY HERE.  I would honestly rather sleep on the streets than give this awful awful ‘business’ my money - which of course…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or5-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",PERIOD BLOOD ALL OVER THE DUVET!,"The room was tiny, smelt like sewage and before we even put our bags down i noticed a stain through the duvet cover. We pulled back the cover to find the previous owners period blood all over the duvet. Someone has also clearly wet the bed and the matress with stained yellow. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS.   We did not want to stay another second in the hotel let alone in the room they offered us as an alternative. We were promised a full refund by the staff member stating that 'we would not just steal £68 from you'.   After 3 days of being told 'the manager was not in to authorise the refund' i got through to Tamina, a very rude argumentative and unapologetic 'manager'. I was told that we wouldnt get a refund with 'the information provided'. Our room was compared to 'going out…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or10-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not stay.,"I don’t know where to start. The ONLY saving grace was the location because it’s about a 5 minute walk from Victoria station. That aside- the staff are incredibly rude, unhelpful and difficult. The rooms STINK of damp, the bedding is stained and I had bedbugs. The floor hasn’t been hoovered in about 3 months I would imagine, and there is crumbs and debris all over the side table. The rooms are generally run down, falling apart and need urgent attention. The bathroom is poorly designed so literally EVERYTHING you take into the shower gets soaked, and the bathroom was not cleaned once in the 4 days I stayed. My first room started leaking right above my bed so I was moved into a double room which was a slight improvement, and then I was moved again into another single room, where…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or10-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Disgusting,I stayed here for 3 nights they checked me into my first room i walked in and it smelt like poo checked the toilet it was leaking. I asked to be moved and they did move me no apology tho they didnt even check it out themselves which tells me they new about it.  My room wasnt cleaned at all they only did the duvet cover which was just thrown on there the cover was never replaced in the whole 3 nights i was there. Here you can see the toilet which has residue of wee and poo. The spoon they gave me still had coffee stains on it from the last customer who had been in there. The cup they gave me had a sticky substince on it with fingers marks all over it. This towel here is what they gave me as you can see it has some stains on it. I told them today about it and all the person came…,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or10-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Absolutely terrible do not stay here!,"Arrived there yesterday to be told our room wasn’t ready as was being cleaned we then go in and get our room. I practically had to lift my suitcase on the bed to get into my room. I booked for a adult and 14 year old child expecting to get a twin room, go down to reception to question this I was then spoken to by a rude woman saying no there’s no rooms available. After finding the shower was blocked, pubes dotted around the hotel, bacon on the carpet and the wallpaper stapled up! I then go downstairs to complain then get told she will be up shortly. While getting changed at the door she comes with the cleaner, as I was getting changed I asked them to hold for a minute to then get told to hurry up it’s my home time. After complaining a lot and then both being very rude I get…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or10-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",This hotel should not be allowed to remain in business!,"I often stay at a different hotel in London when on business but I thought that I would try this one as it was very close to my work location. On their website it looks great, really modern and clean looking rooms but upon arrival a different story.  The reception area was tacky, very untidy and it looked liked someone's front room. I was placed in a room on the ground floor which was the size of a box, and the so called en suite was so tiny you could take a shower and go to the toilet at the same time!  The radiator did not appear to work so I had no heating, there was hardly any space to place your clothes and the room was generally not very clean. There were scratches and marks all over the walls and the bed was right up against the wall next to a small window from which cold…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or10-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Appalling,"I stayed at the Chester Victoria in London - the ONLY positives were, cheap and close to Victoria stn. The room I was in should not be let out - 103. It was covered in mould. Upon checking in there was a lady complaining about her room and she was told she could go elsewhere but would not receive a refund, so I chose not to complain as I knew it wouldn't get me anywhere. - I had already paid online before arriving. Getting to the room was also a challenge, very narrow staircases made it difficult to cart your bag up and down, no assistance was offered, I was down 2 flights of stairs. The'room' was an outhouse underneath the footpath, I had to turn my case sideways and feed it through the door, down the steps before entering the room, very little room, a lady sprayed air…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or15-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",What the ACTUAL F*CK!!i,"Read below for detail but do yourself a favour and DO NOT STAY HERE. I was silly enough to not read TripAdvisor reviews before booking this hotel. This hotel and the lack of care or customer service from staff RUINED my first time London experience. The hotel offers DAILY housekeeping service- NO they do not, our room was not touched for the 3 nights we were there, we had to ask someone for fresh towels and rolls of toilet paper.  We complained to 3 different staff members during our 3 night stay, none of which cared and just kept saying they would pass on the message to someone of higher authority, no complaint was dealt with. By the looks of the TERRIBLE reviews in this hotel, the owner/ manager and staff members do not care and will not make any changes to improve. This…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or15-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Apartment is great,"We rented the 2 bed apartment which was in a different building a few doors away. It was perfect for what we wanted. Light and airy and had air con, a must in London in July! Close to Victoria Station. Lots of pubs and restaurants in the area. Staff were polite and helpful. We had a great time and would book it again.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or15-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not believe the photos!,"If I could leave no stars I would, I took pictures of how terrible the room was. I appreciate it was cheap for London, but I did not expect to be given a room in what was a converted outbuilding in a 7x7 box with bits hanging off the wall. The 'room' was down in lower level and required a step down which consisted of a breeze block with a tile over it. This meant I was face level with the vent in the door, through which came the powerful smell of bleach as the floor was moped. The fumes caused the back of my throat to burn. I stayed long enough to find a replacement hotel - so about 35 minutes. Additionally, they were renovating when I arrived which I didn't know about and they couldn't find my booking. When I left, one of the staff members said ""you don't want to stay here,…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or15-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",absolutely horrible,"i believed the advertising pics. Huge mistake. First room was, at best, under renovation, dirty, filthy mattress, no toilet paper, hair dryer not working, rising damp behind the door, plaster fixes on walls and ceiling, staff unhelpful and surly. Managed to get a relocation for second and third night of booking. It was cleaner but there was no power when I arrived, no hair dryer and no towels. There was plenty of time to prepare this second room as I did not arrive until 6pm. I took many pictures and will be complaining bitterly about the lack of service. only one point for its location which has NOTHING to do with the service provided.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or15-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Deceiving photo. Noisy, dirty despite ""renovation"", no netflix, mouldy. Health hazard.",Bathroom full of mould and entire level smell foul. Rooms had no air-con/ceiling fan and the windows are blocked from outside meaning there is no ventilation at all. Hotel is outside a pub that is loud until 2am at night. Room is not clean despite the modern furniture in the room. We reported mould in the room and the staff ignored us and forced us to stay in the room filled with fungi. Gave no option to stay in another room apart from a single room and told us either go elsewhere or stay in the single room with the hotel giving partial refund - which they refused to after we left. Hotel also ignored us when we asked why we have no Netflix despite our booking showing we had Netflix included. Their reply was it must be the booking's site mistake and they will not honour the…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or20-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Adequate for a night or two,"I booked my stay at Chester Victoria before reading reviews. After reading reviews I was horrified & dreading my stay! The hotel is under renovation & it's visually apparent that it's in need of a complete facelift.  I was shown to my room by a very smart & pleasant chap(room 5 on the top floor).  Good bits - Bed sheets clean & comfy, bathroom clean with toiletries & towels provided, tea/coffee making facilities & hairdryer. Hotel is in a great position, 15 minute walk to Westminster, plenty of shops, bars & restaurants within the vicinity.  Bad bits - TV on wall had very limited channels,sound not great & so didn't bother using it. There was an issue with swarms of flies every time I opened the windows, the manager said that he was going to address the issue when the…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or20-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Stay away!!!!!,Stay well away no communication what so ever got refused a cot when stated to pay small fee to get one to be told had to purchase from train station then to be refused a blanket that I asked for for my 10month old as she was no way staying in a bed incase she rolled out and fell to the floor got told to wait till following day which by the  we would have been gone I then find her stuck under the bed to find this rodent trap under neath to be told all London hotels have this I find it disgusting that they have it were kids are sleeping staff r very rude asked ti speam to manager to be told 12oclock i come back to be told again they still are not there to then ringing them up the following day ti be told by someone else they are off all weekend with sickness the room was not…,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or20-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"Extremely dirty. Did not clean room before or while I was there. TV no reception. Very small room. Tiny shower room that was dirty. Night porter often absent so does not feel secure. Just don’t stay here, it’s terrible.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or20-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Avoid,"Mid week break was ruined by this awful hotel, room was filthy (even though we had to wait for it to be cleaned!!) the room was riddled with damp and black mould and the resulting smell of this was unpleasant leading to further sleep loss as well as the uncomfortable bed. The tv did not work. After speaking with reception about this I was told it was my fault as I didn’t tell the sooner and there was now no other room, this was 9pm, we arrived at 1pm but were told our room was being cleaned. The communal hotel areas are also damp, dirty and poorly finished.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or20-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Misleading advertising of their rooms. Horrible shared bathroom.,"I booked a room in Chester Hotel as it was said ensuite rooms. No contact details available until you book the room. So I did. Guess my surprise when I rang the hotel and the man said: shared bathroom.  I gave up a room in another hotel with breakfast included and shared bathroom at the price of £123.00 for ensuite room in Chester Hotel with no breakfast included for the price of £144.00.  You can imagine how furious I was when I found out that the ensuite room was a lie, was a trap to take your money.  I rang both - the hotel and Booking.com and both of them did not care at all. They just stole the money and that was.  When I went eventually in this Chester hotel - o goodness me. You won't believe: it was like a war zone there. Noone even mentioned on the web page that they…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or25-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Poor,I didn’t actually get chance to stay as they cancelled my room called the hotel to see why poor customer service he said it was because of no updated credit card which I had updated  He then hung up and blanked the phone until I withheld my number he said he would ask his manager and get back to me not heard nothin to this day this was a night arranged for new year for me n my children ruined through incompetence  Also they cancelled my friends room for the same reason but ironic if u ask me,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or25-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Freezing & Couldn't Stay,Unfortunately the room provided (20) was unbearable due to no heating and a major draft in the room. I understand theres a lot of construction work in the lobby but I had to return home and not stay for the 1 night  booked.   The gentleman on reception was really helpful and provided excellent customer service. He agreed to a full refund which hit my bank the very next day.   My advice would be to enquire on heating and state of room prior to booking. The location was great and I'm confident that once work is completed itll be a great place to stay. ,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or25-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not as bad as people say,We stayed here a few days ago building still going on the the reception area as building a new breakfast and reception area only redoing the floor at the moment but doesn’t affect you. Room we stayed in was nice had two double beds which were very comfy on the top floor had a nice sized tv and nice bathroom I think they maybe doing all the rooms up. Great location about 7 minute walk from Victoria Sainsbury’s just round the corner and plenty of bars a restaurant just round the corner. Staff were nice looked after our bags while we were out for the day and you have too check out at 11 but looked after our bags that day too. Is a small hotel just down a little street the other rooms are a little smaller I think small staircase as well not very big. But you get what you pay for we…,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or25-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Stayed here for the location,I stayed here for the location close to Victoria station (for Gatwick express). Hotel still under renovation in the lobby (Feb 2019). I was given a room on the ground floor immediately near the reception - avoid this room as could hear everyone arriving back after their nights out and also reception conversations. Was just about fine for a 1 night stay for my purposes. Plus side - plenty of restaurants nearby and a 5 minute walk to Victoria. Minus side - small rooms with double bed and just room to move around the edge of it (although difficult to judge based on London standards). I probably over paid although the plus being close to Victoria outweighed this I guess.,Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or25-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great Accommodation and Location!,"I’ve seen a lot of negative reviews about this hotel but you really need to experience it for yourself before judging!  Yes the lobby is still under renevation but this doesn’t affect your stay!   The hotel was easy to find, literally a 5 minute walk from Victoria train station, perfect! The staff were welcoming and helpful. They kept our bags safe before checking in and after checking out which was no problem to them and no extra cost which was really appreciated!   Location is good as there are many restaurants, supermarkets and pubs nearby so you can easily get what you need.  (We recommend Loco Mexicano!) YUM!  Only a 30 minute scenic walk to Big Ben/ London Eye etc.   The room was clean and had everything you’d need. Towels, fridge, toiletries, hot drinks facilities,…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or30-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"This is not a hotel. This a building site. Even when the work is complete it will still be awful. Glorified hostel. The rooms are tiny. Cracks in bathroom tiles, holes in walls, filthy, Very substandard all round. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or30-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",The pictures at the internet lies..,"We were very disappointed with this place. We told the staff about the cleaning of the room, and we got another room, but it wasn’t much better. Just a bit bigger room. The beds were ok, but the hotel is to them, who get up early and leaves until night - just for sleep.  ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or30-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I have had some nightmare stays at London budget hotels so was a bit wary of booking something for under £60 in Central London.  However I was impressed with the hotel which is a short walk from Victoria Station. The staff were welcoming and friendly and the room was all I needed for a comfortable stay with a great bed, the TV was massive and the room had the usual tea making kit.  The only thing I would advise if  you get a room overlooking the main road are some ear plugs it was a bit noisy with pedestrians outside the hotel chatting into the early hours.  I will deff be booking again if ever in Central London",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or30-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Avoid. It needs shutting down!,"I never thought that hotels like this would be allowed to be trading.  The place is a disgrace, and the worst I have ever stopped in my whole life. You would expect this standard to be in a third world country and most certainly not in London uk.  The reception is a building site and very hazardous, looking at other reviews these works have been ongoing for ages.  The room was minging, I didn’t want to touch anything, if the time of day permitted me finding somewhere else I would not have stopped here, but it was well past midnight so I had to make do. No wardrobe.  Extension leads used for portable heather, fridge etc.. Room was freezing on arrival.  None of the electrical equipment appeared to have ever been PAT tested (safety checked). En-suite again disgusting.  I’m lost for…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or30-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do your future self a favour and AVOID,"Where to start!? The lobby was essentially a construction site with dust, exposed wires and debris everywhere. Check-in was easy. Upon locating the room (on the ground floor), we found the door open and unlocked. Next issue was the window wouldn’t lock and a ladder was propped up against the wall opposite - awesome, come on inside thieves! I opted to take my valuables with me, which was a good idea since we returned later in the evening to find our door was once again unlocked and left ajar, although someone had been in to fix a lock to the window. That’s nice, but at least have the courtesy to lock the door - anyone could have entered and stolen our stuff while we were out.  On using the bathroom - there was a gap left between the sliding door and the wall, so you could…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or35-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester Hotel....Nice but some Mayhem!,Hello..... So this is nice accomodation for a weekend stay. Really nice and welcoming staff. Hotel  is really central and close to Victoria Coach and Train stations (8/9 mins walk). Lots of shops and places to visit nearby but you wouldn’t want to stay here more than 2 nights.  I booked in advance - got a really good deal but my room was in a cellar/ basement (yes that’s correct - a basement)! I didn’t mind it too much; there was an en-suite and bed was quite cozy.   There was ongoing maintenance and building work inside and of course where the electric box and boiler was - was right next to my room. Had builders checking electric and doing work outside room until about 9pm.....was not made aware any of this during reservation over phone so just thought never mind.  No breakfast…,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or35-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Could be so much more,"I read the earlier reviews with some concern. Having stayed there, I now understand some of the points. The reception is a bare shell, with bare plaster walls, rough floors, electric wires hanging and no ceiling, just bare joists. But the welcome was warm and helpful and, at the end of the day, I wasn't going to sleep in reception! I had a 'superior' double room on the first floor (room 3). It wasn't huge but OK for just me. Would be a bit pokey for 2 with suitcases. But it was let down by little things that could so easily be improved. No teaspoons, no bin, 1 chair positioned directly underneath the TV, no sink plug, nowhere to hang wet towels. And a poison bait under the bed wasn't reassuring (although maybe I wouldn't want to share with whatever it was killing)! On the plus…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or35-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",If you want good service....look elsewhere.,"When you arrive at the hotel the first thing you notice is the building is under renovation. The lobby floor are uneven and a hazard. It is not an inviting atmosphere. I could almost excuse the mess due to renovations if it wasn’t for the absolutely horrible service. I left my phone behind by accident. I called back later that morning and told to call back in the evening. When I called back that evening I was told the maid service only comes every other day (which makes me wonder whether I actually had a clean room and how often they actually change out the bedding). Ultimately I did not get my phone back and when I called to escalate the issue, the desk rep was quite rude. So a building that’s not put together combined with a staff that has no customer service skills on top of…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or35-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A room and that was all I needed. ,Currently the hotel is modernizing and making mess. The room was small but all I needed was a bed. Hot water in the shower and a clean room.  There were no problems at all.  Pricing was amazing and location 5 minutes from Victoria station made it easy to get from Gatwick to London and bed.  Would say it’s ok if you don’t expect any frills. ,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or35-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not impressed,"This hotel was booked for a business trip by our marketing people, I will never let them book a hotel for me again.  Reception is a building site, the check in area is half finished, the ceiling has wires hanging all over, not a great first impression.  Up to the room, it’s so small I was shocked.  There is no wardrobe but a few hangers above a very small corner table where you can make tea or coffee, so if you want a drink you have to move your clothes.  The bathroom is tiny, I had no towels, when I asked for them I was bought 1 towel to the room, have to choose to was or shower as one towel won’t do both.  Decor is poor, hotel is noisy, only good thing so far is the bed seems comfy, supposed to be here two  ights but will be looking for alternative accommodation for tomorrow. …",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or40-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good on the outside,Looked good from the outside and good location. Also a bargain price! A building site inside must contravene H&S. Tiny room with mouse trap under the bed. Decent bug tiny bathroom. Very impractical. Only ok for a lads night out at best.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or40-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Avoid,"Currently  they are experiencing  renovation  works , so when you walk through  the front door the reception area is effectively a building site . There are several flashing liggts on the fire alarm system which have been muted which raises question marks over the hotels safety. The room we stayed in smelt mouldy and the view from the window was blocked by spent building materials . On the second day we were informed  they had double booked our room and that they had arranged for alternative  accommodation.  I was hoodwinked in staying at an even worse hotel",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or40-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Don't stay in this hotel!!!!!!!!,"We booked this hotel in advance through their hotel website. When we arrived the hotel manager, a VERY unfriendly man, told us that he canceled our booking and that there is no room left. He was NOT helpful, sorry or friendly and didn't care. I do NOt recommend this hotel because it is not a nice start of a holiday since we had to look for other options.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or40-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",DO NOT USE ITS A DECEPTION,"As per the last review,,this place is awful!!!  Booked a family room, arrived at 1310 to a building that is going through renovation with no mention of this on its webste,,the staff were to be honest thick and not very people friendly and still wouldnt let us in even though im presuming our room (if thats what you call it) was ready,,we returned at 1700 where we were shown to our room behind the reception...we walked in and felt sick,,it stunk, there was around 1ft between beds and literally no other room other than to go to the made up toilet,,as the last review it was facing the rear of the 'hotel' showing all the rubbish.  I have stayed all over london, in fact the UK and this is the worst room ive ever been offered...we literally walked out, tossed the card on the reception…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or40-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible place! Don’t book!,"Booked one night on Booking.com. We had a triple room (#20 in the basement). Our experience in this hotel was terrible. Staff is unprofessional and makes you feel like they’re doing you a favor by letting you stay there. Hotel is going through renovations, there was no floor in the reception (wonder how you can maintain a hotel open like that). The room we got was in the basement. It was super warm, humid, smelly and moldy. Entered the room and noticed the open window with a pile of garbage just outside (probably all the crap they are removing for the renovations), this was literally just outside our window and definitely not compliant with safety requirements a hotel should have (risk of fire, again wonder how one can have a place like this open). The room was dirty: bed was…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or45-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Party night London ,"A great hotel in the perfect location, friendly staff (family run, I think) clean rooms, comfy beds, quiet and great value for money. Very close to Victoria station and some lovely coffee shops v.close by",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or45-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Well equipped, well sized apartment, lacking basic cleanliness.","We arrived to the hotel at around 5 o'clock to be greeted by the receptionist, who was nice enough and showed us to our room which was the split level apartment, we paid £163 for the room which was nicely decorated and very modern and in a good location by Victoria station.   The first problem was was when I asked if they had a safe he replied he didn't know and after looking for one, we discovered we didnt  which i was not very impressed with as it advertised this online that it did. However, other than that the apartment which was on its own in a separate flat a couple of doors down from the hotel, was quite nice.  We didn't spend much time here as we only had the rest of the day to explore, we brought some food back to eat and discovered none of the cutlery that was provided…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or45-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good location ...only !!!,"Don't stay there !very disappointing !!!very small rooms ,dirty ...I don't like it !the pillows smelt of old sweat .the toilet was so small ...the room had a smell of mound !!! Also the receptionist was very rude! ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or45-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",not like the photos,"cant understand why we were given room 22 it was at the back of the reception most probably for staff it was awful wouldnt of boarded my dogs there misleading photos on booking.com no headboard, carpet grippers exposed,old fashioned carpets with a dirty rug cracked tiles in the tiny ensuite couldnt open the window for the smell of rubbish at the back of us and if you like lying in bed while your blokes  2 foot away sitting on the loo then so be it, staff on phones at checkout go at your own risk but keep clear of room 22 ...vile.... owner should be ashamed",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or45-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Unannounced window cleaners, white stains galore and depressing staff","I booked here for one night as I had planned a London trip for my Husband’s birthday. The location sold it really. The cheap price indicated that it would be basic, but I can honestly say I had no idea I would be staying in such a dump.   Upon entering our room for the night, the first thing that hits you is the size. It must have been about 2 x 5metres small. Immediately after that it was the flies. I honestly thought I would come across a body because to have about 12 flies in one tiny room was a bit much.   After spending 30 minutes fly swatting, we checked out the bathroom. The shower was nice. The toilet was nice. The sink was ridiculous. It was so small that when filling the kettle for a cup of tea, my husband had to use the cups to transfer the water from the tap to the…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or50-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",It’s not bad. Not so good either ,"3 of us stayed here for 1 night. Served us very well. 5 minutes walk to Victoria underground  Close to cafe and restaurant  Offered to leave luggage after check out  Close to Central London attractions Cheap to travel to with Uber (at night from clubs and restaurants)  But the compromise: Very very small room  Hardly any space for luggage  Toilet/bathroom too congested A place only to return to and crash, not relax  Will work only if you need central location, budget price and connectivity.   You get what you pay for.   I don’t rate this place down. Only stating it’s practical reality and category. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or50-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Comfy bed. That is all. ,"Stayed overnight (room 13 - maybe an omen!) to be near the Horticultural Halls for a morning event.  The place had clearly undergone a recent redecoration as my room smelled strongly of paint and there was evidence of a bit of a botch job with clods of dried plaster and paint splatters everywhere.  The new bathroom looked impressive at first glance but the toilet was very loose (not attached to the floor properly) and there was unfinished bits everywhere. My bin had rubbish in from the previous guest. The newly fitted shower looked lovely, but the water was either sub-zero or hot enough to peel the skin from your bones. After 10 mins of trying to get the temperature bearable, I gave up and splashed scalding water on me.  Pros: convenient location, near a lot of amenities…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or50-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Small!,We thought we'd hit on a bargain when finding this hotel near Victoria coach station and the tube. The rooms in the photos online are completely different to room 9 which we stayed in.Tiny bed of which the bed base was absolutely filthy and coming apart. Smallest shower/toilet ever .....similar to a passenger ferry bathroom which you could hardly turn around in. Sadly not as good as we had expected.Wont be returning.,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or50-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Booking not honoured,Why didn't I pay proper attention to reviews??? I booked yesterday for this hotel. I am currently on my way to London by train and have heard from the hotel that my room is not available. It is 3pm and I now have nowhere to stay.  Very poor practice.,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or50-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Nice hotel close to USA Embassy,"The Chester Hotel - is a small hotel in a terrace of beautiful Edwardian type houses. Perfect location 6min walk from either Victoria/Pimlico Tube Station’s. 20min walk from US Embassy which was where we were going.  Lovely hotel with very friendly staff. We arrived too early to check in so they allowed us to store luggage for the day. My daughter and I booked a small double as we were just there one night but were given a larger room with 2 double beds. Very clean and modern room with small shower en-suite containing shower gel and shampoo. There was free WiFi, tea/coffee facilities and a small fridge. Room also had fridge, hairdryer and iron/ironing board.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or55-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Wonderful,Very friendly and helpfull staff. We stayed at the apartment and it was very nice. We were six persons and it fit us very well. Nice beds and clean rooms. We have nothing bad to say. Very good neighborhood with good food and nice small houses,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or55-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"Do not even contemplate staying here.  I booked and paid for the room well in advance of our stay. We arrived at check in time to find out that apparently our room had been destroyed three days previously and we wouldn't be able to stay.  The manager told us that he had booked us in at a hotel of similar standard...I wouldn't put a dog in the alternative.  We declined and I demanded a refund. The original booking had stated it was nonrefundable...we got the refund.  A phone call or an email with a copy of a refund would have avoided all of this aggravation, exceptionally unprofessional. I have never had an experience like this, never again.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or55-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Decent hotel in a great location,"nice hotel, very easy to access from the airport shuttle bus. Centrally located The staff was no the most helpful, to be honest they even came and knocked at my door to leave the room after I overslept. I'm promised not being charged that extra couple hours if I give them good feedback here. No can do. The place was alright. The bathroom was the best, brand new and clean, even tho had a little lavatory that wouldnt fit my hands. The room was ok, both internet and tv weren't working properly. This place is o if you need a bed to crash only. More than that, I recommend searching other options.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or55-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Forced to sleep on the street with two young children!,"This hotel is a money SCAM!  We've booked well in advance and got a very good price, all via Booking.com   We didn't have to pay in advance, but didn't suspect than the evening before we left for London our credit card would be ""rejected"" and I had to re-enter my card. No problem. I had to do that three times even during the night. We left Belgium for London. Thinking it would work out. At midday I get an email that also the third time was ""rejected"" and immediatly I've got an email that our room was cancelled! Immediatley I phoned the hotel but our reserved room was already gone. Sold probably ad a mucher higher price than than deal we have agreed weeks ago.  Do I have to say that nothing was wrong with any of our creditcards, we used that before and during our stay in London.…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or55-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Appalling service -avoid," I booked the hotel as a nice romantic pre-valentine's weekend trip with my girlfriend (soon to be fiancé). I received the confirmation of my booking.  However on the day of the trip, 2h before arrival, I got an further email canceling the booking!! By this point we were already on our way and far too late to change plans. I rang the hotel assuming it was just an error, I was helped (and I use that word lightly) by a gentleman who confirmed that my booking had indeed been cancelled due to an error with my card. While I understand they cannot keep a room for someone who may not pay, it was the total lack of communication from the hotel up until this point. I received no email notifying me that there was an issue (despite the 'helpful' man's insistance I did), and no phone call or…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or60-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excelent location but lack of maitenance,"The flat was a little expensive, but is Ok for groups. The problem was with the maintenance of the installations. There was often a smoke/gas alarm and they did nothing to solve the problem. Maybe because some gas leak from the heater or some other cause. The guy at the receptions was ironic about the alarm thinking someone smoked at the flat. I could not sleep for more than 3 continuous hours because of the alarm.",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or60-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You know what... it's Ok!,"We picked this hotel for its location as only 10 mins walk from Victoria, and we wanted just somewhere cheap to sleep as had fancy plans for my birthday!  Stayed in room 2 which was literally tucked behind reception on the ground floor but it was clean and tidy. Check in was swift and friendly. The place is quite tired but everything worked and tea/coffee/biscuits/kettle etc plus a hair dryer and iron were all supplied. The shower was good pressure but had no screen or curtain so gave the bathroom a good clean too! The bed was clean and comfy and it was actually a very quiet nights sleep. We had one issue a little while after arrival when a staff member/maintenance guy walked straight into the room whilst we were changing to go out but he ran out very embarrassed (having seen my…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or60-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Surprising gem next to Victoria Station,"After reading the previous reviews I wasn’t expecting much, but I can honestly say these reviews don’t provide a good representation of the hotel.  We checked in for one night, and left our bags at the hotel as we were early, we found it only took us 10 minutes to reach the coach station which is brilliant for an early morning coach or train.  The staff were friendly and the hotel looked clean. Lots of previous reviews complain about poor decor however it appears the hotel has since renovated the hallways and rooms. Our room was just like the picture on booking.com and although small, it was cosy and clean. The bathroom, also small, was very clean and looked modern.   I haven’t really got any complaints about this hotel, although it did feel a bit cramped I can’t complain when I…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or60-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I just needed a cheap well-located room to stay in on the night of my work's xmas party - and when I arrived I had been upgraded to an apartment which had everything I could possibly need and more. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean, and if I were staying for a longer period I think the kitchenette would have been perfect for quick lunches and dinners - came with all the relevant kitchen equipment, cutlery and other bits and bobs. Location was great, had a lovely breakfast round the corner but generally lots of restaurants and cafes on the doorstep. Couldn't fault it!",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or60-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good hotel,It is a good small hotel. The service was ok-ish. The locations are quite nice since 8min away you have the train station Victora which connects you to everything. Really nice small restaurants on the same block for you to have breakfast. Rooms are really small but completely new.,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or65-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible 17th October 2017 ,Oh my god!!! Where to start??? On arriving to check in!!I walked in to the small reception and there was a high desk and all I could see was a pair of eyes peering over the desk and I said I was checking in and he never got out of his chair and remand there for all of the check in process and gave me the card to entry the room and said it’s room 7 down the stairs  and the stairs are so small I slipped down and dropped my suitcase but he never came to my assistants. And as I was going down the stairs there was flaked paint all over the floor and plaster knocked off the wall and looked dirty. And upon entering the room I found dirty cotton buds on the table and I took off my shoes and socks and found my feet hot and sweaty and when I looked as I was lying down on the bed I found…,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or65-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not great!,"Stayed one night with work. Plus points are great location and big tele if you plan on spending your time watching tv!  My room was on the ground floor so could hear any coming and going and whoever was in the room above me walking around. The room was tiny even by London standards, it was a double bed which was ok but had rock hard pillows and I had a bad neck the next morning. The bathroom was a joke it was disguised as a cupboard and was no bigger I'm only 5' 2 and struggled so dread to think if you were any taller!  I'm not overly fussy to be honest as usually only there one night with work but will give this place a miss I think next time.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or65-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Clean, cheap hotel in central London","We shared a twin room with a private shower room. The beds were comfortable and the linen clean. The bathroom was clean and everything worked. We had a tv and fridge in the room and something else that was good for two girls sharing, lots of large wall mirrors. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. This is an absolute gem of a find in central London, I would stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or65-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good Hotel - If You Get One Of The New Rooms,"We stayed 3 nights at this hotel in August. The room we were initially given was obviously one of the rooms yet to be refurbished. As other reviewers have already written, it was very small, flaky red paint on the walls and a cupboard pretending to be a bathroom. Although the room was clean. The bathroom looked like a bathroom I once used when staying in a ferry cabin. In fact I think these bathrooms are ex ferry stock. Down to the now rusty doors. The shower mixer wasn't working and so it was scolding hot water or nothing. And the sink had no plug. HOWEVER. After one night I mentioned the issue with the shower hot water to the lady on reception, and she spoke to the manager who moves us to one of the new refurbished rooms.  The difference was amazing. The new room was…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or65-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I want compensation and counselling,"Where to start. This place is hell on earth. Dodgy doesn't cut it. It's dirty, smelly, damp, dangerous and disgusting.   We stayed in number 13, a 'double room with ensuite'...  First of all when you walk in the carpet is so dirty it's all congealed together but not even properly laid, and I'm not sure what the brown stain is either?   Decorated by Stevie Wonder, the room had a delightful patchy red 'feature wall' and had been painted maybe 2 years ago. The paint work was chipped and adding to that were the damp filled pictures for added detail. I had to choose to lay my used clothes on the floor to avoid touching the carpet bare foot.  Not sure where the headboard and fancy room was that featured on Booking.com but it definitely wasn't in our room. The pictures on the site…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or70-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great upgrade,"stayed for one night with work colleague, we were upgraded to one of the apartments they have a bit further up the road. It was new, comfortable, clean... Really nice. Staff were lovely. Definitely an option!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or70-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Clean and tidy for the night,"Clean and tidy, suitable for a nights stay. Can't really argue with it for the price, was clean, small room. But nicely furnished etc. Staff were quite poor, customer service was non existent. But we didn't need much from them as we were only there for a night. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or70-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pathetic ,"I have paid 120 qwid and I got a basement garage room,bed doesn't have enough length, no a/c,useless staff,crampy room it will leave you in a very displeased state.. 2 double beds are sqeezed inside a small room. No hangers for clothes nor wardrobes..never book ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or70-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Horrifying,"This is the worst hotel I ever had the displeasure of staying at and I am only glad I over for a single night, otherwise it would have been unbearable. I can understand that as a 2 star hostel, one cannot expect luxury accomodations but this was simply too awful:  -Dirty everything. In particular, the bedsheets were stained and with bits and pieces of who knows what. This is particularly noticeable in, -The bathroom. It is a cavernous, health and security hazard, badly lit by a single lamp placed on the floor and equipped with a bathtub on which a tall person can barely stand thanks to the sloped ceiling. The floor is constantly wet and the dim illumination includes a bunch of wire extentions, making it an accident waiting to happen. The bathtub is also in the same division as…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or70-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great little hotel in a central location,"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights whilst in London on business.  The location is excellent and within walking distance of Victoria train station.  There are lots of supermarkets and restaurants in the area as well, which makes it easy for getting an evening meal.  The hotel was undergoing some renovation and redecoration whilst I was there but there was no noise in the evening.  The only noise I got was from other guests who don't seem capable of closing a door quietly.  The room was sufficient although a bit on the small side for a triple room.  However, it provided all the facilities I needed, including a fridge.  The bed was comfortable and there was enough blankets and pillows.  The only negative comments I have is that there wasn't a desk/work area/dressing table.  Or a…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or75-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Cheap rates, refurbished room but not very clean!","I stayed here two nights and those two nights are not the best ones. At the beginning, when I entered the room I was really happy because the room was refurbished and looked comfortable with a low pricing. However, when I started to look around I saw hair on the bed, in the bed, between the duvet and duvet sheet and in the shower. It was unbelievable. Also the room was a bit noisy, because it was under the stairs. When someone started to walk in the room upstairs, I woke up because of the wood creaking. However if the room was perfectly clean, I would have recommended this hotel, because of the price, location advantages and the comfort coming from refurbishment.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or75-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",If you want to stay in a basic hostel then it's fine,This is a typical basic tourist hostel. Noisy and touristy and not fit for modern holiday travel. Toilets smell bad and the rooms are small. Perfect for stag or hen nights only. I never return as there other hotels are better. But there also her hotels local that are the same. London tourist types.,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or75-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful - dont bother!,"I would not recommend this hotel at all.  If you see pictures of the bathroom's on the hotel's website IGNORE them.  They are highly mis leading.  The bathroom we had was an absolute disgrace - the shower was broken - it was impossible to shower in comfort.  The sink was something mirroring an aeroplane toilet.  I made a complaint on check out which quite frankly was an absolute waste of time.  I rang and spoke to the manager this morning who told me ""nothing I can do"".  I would NEVER stay in this dump again and would recommend you to avoid it.  I have also made an official complaint to Visit England regarding the ""award"" given in 1980 to this awful place.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or75-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent for budget travel,"I stayed here in April '16 while visiting to see a show. I'd struggled to find affordable accommodation and was very pleased to find the Chester. I stayed in the single room with the shared bathroom, referred to as the box room.   It's very convenient for tourists, being a short walk from Victoria station.  The box room is as you'd expect for an affordable place in London, just big enough to fit a bed in, really. There was a single bed, small TV, fridge and radiator. Very basic, but fine if you just want to put your head down for the night. It's in the basement of the building, so it does have a bit of a musty smell, but was clean. If you're a light sleeper it will be worth taking ear plugs, as the window doesn't close.  The shared bathroom doesn't have a shower curtain, so I…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or75-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",1 night in london,Book this hotel for price and location with us using Victoria coach station this hotel was ideal and the price for this area was unreal  So I was expecting the worst due to price and location  However we checked in and was shown downstairs to room 7  Not realising at first but room 7 is directly under reception  Upon entering our room it smelt clean and not at all like I was expecting  It was small yes but it was a bed for 1 night so no need for any thrills etc  2 coat hangers was all we got   We freshened up then went out for a bit. Upon returning early evening to get ready to go see a show the smell mentioned in other people's comments became apparent and is certainly from the drains I didn't find it so bad it spoiled my stay and I did get used to it after a short while but…,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or80-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Tiny room, no storage, no cleaning","On the positive side, the hotel was cheap and not far from Victoria station, the wifi was free (although unreliable) and the room was well decorated. On the negative side, the room was the smallest I have ever stayed in, with no room to put any clothes (except for two things to hang up), and the room was not cleaned in the 36 hours I was there.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or80-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Now the rooms are small, but..........","I arrived for my 2 night stay around 1 PM. About a 7 minute walk from Victoria Station. After reading some of the reviews, my expectations were not very high. There was a person at check-in very accommodating and check in was a breeze. Down the narrow stairs to the infamous single room. The room is small, yes. Maybe about 40 sq. ft. The room was exceptionally clean.  The layout, though small, was well put together. There was no closet, but storage and shelving under the bed. The bed was quite comfortable. It is a true twin sized bed. Surprising large TV on the wall. The tea and coffee tray was a nice touch. Now the infamous shared bathroom. Quite clean with a large tub and hand held shower.  Now my 5 star review is not that I think it is a 5 star hotel. At the price point you…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or80-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester Hotel Victoria London,"Very good place, you can find very easy - 5 minutes walk  from Victoria station.Very good transport connections to everywhere in London-underground, buses. Many places where can find food-fish &chips 2 min from the hotel, supermarket-2 min from the hotel, 5 min you can reach street market with many places offering food. The hotel is clean, the rooms are very small, the reception service is 24 hours. The staff is very kind and helpful.  I was in single room. Unfortunately they are some rooms in this hotel-starting from 15 or 16 numbers to 18 are underground. The rooms are very small and you are under sidewalk. Good price. For city like London this hotel offers good prices. It is good place for  some  nights for turism, but is not good for busyness ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or80-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Smell was awful,"We had a room located just round the corner from the reception.  The smell was horrible, it seemed to be coming from the bathroom.  We had to have windows open to try and get rid of it. Staff were friendly but it was very noisy at night with the doorbell ringing. Wouldn't stay here again",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or80-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful....smallest room ever!,"Hotel looked basic but decent from website, what we got didnt seem to meet the expectations, arrived just after 2pm (the allocated check in time) and were left waiting in reception for over 15 mins with no sign of any staff.  Our room (2 people sharing) was the smallest hotel room I've ever seen, no ventilation given it was unseasonably hot, the bathroom resembled an airplane toilet with a shower practically over the toilet with a strong smell coming from the drains making it even more unpleasant.   Every time we passed there was no sign of staff in reception, when we checked out we left our luggage by reception however when we returned to pick it up again there was no staff to be seen anywhere and everyone's luggage just sat there - not secure at all. On a positive note, it was…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or85-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent location but small rooms,"Spent 2 nights with family... Walking distance to restaurants, Victoria station, bus station and Buckingham palace... Very helpful staff... But very small room.. No lift and narrow stairs... Cant take big lug... Very Tiny toilet... Good place for 2 people with small luggage.... But not recommended for family with luggage....",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or85-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Bumped my reservation,"I booked here a few days before staying via hotels.com, and when I arrived I was informed there was a problem with my reservation (they double booked me), and booked me in a hotel down the street. The alternate hotel was not clean, and cost less money than what I had paid, but no reimbursement was offered.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or85-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Small in size but big on value and cleanliness,"Great location, close to lots of restaurants, bars and shops. Staff very friendly and rooms exceptional clean. Lots of character. Rooms were very small, but made up for it with high quality finish.  I have read some of the negative reviews for this hotel and find them hard to believe. It far exceeded my expectations for a cheap hotel in the Victoria area of London. Definitely use it again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or85-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very good room for a very reasonable price,"I booked one night at Chester Hotel. Easy to reach, five minutes walk from Victoria Station, in a calm little typical Pimlico street. Room number 10, on ground floor, clean, with a big window, comfortable beds (2), minifridge, tv, compact but clean and modern bathroom. Very good price. No doubts, Chester hotel will be my choice also next time in London for a short stay.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or85-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very considerate staff,"Had to spend a couple more days in London due to trip delays. Room 9 was my first night and room 17 the second. I was struck by the kindness of the staff all the way through my inconveniences. Thumbs up to Dounya and Cornel, and a huuuge thanks to the owner who even took upon himself to drop us off at the Victoria Station. When the improvements regarding deco, changing rugs, pricing, etc, will occur, this charming and well located hotel could be the catch in the neighborhood...",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or90-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"An overpriced, noisy, and unclean hotel in Victoria  Our room didn't have a window to offer any fresh air but a window that opened into the corridor! No fire escape plan. TV didn't work. Sheets smelt damp. Pillows like bricks. Smell of urine in Bathroom",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or90-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Filth and Dilapidated- AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,A week ago my mother and myself traveled from Ireland to London for a two day trip. After a long day travelling around London we arrived at the hotel looking forward to relaxing for the night. Upon entering there was a very small hallway which lead to an equally tiny reception area staffed my only one man. After presenting our reservation email he told us that we would be staying in room nine which happened to be directly beside the reception. We opened the door and were immediately greeted by a double bed no more than a foot from the door. The double bed was pushed directly up against two walls and the window. One person had to climb over the other to get into the bed as there was only one point of access. The bed clothes were dirty. There was concrete from the window spread…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or90-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Nightmarish,"Prior to my journey, I was informed that my room would be ready for midday. However upon my arrival I was told that I would have to check in at 2pm, which would have been fine had I not been told otherwise and had to be somewhere for 2.30pm. My bag was left in ""storage"" aka a corner of a room which absolutely anybody passing by would have been able to access. The hotel itself feels almost unsafe. When I arrived there was a fair few members of staff yet nobody seemed to acknowledge that I needed to be seen to. As I was looking for a cheap stay (I only needed the hotel room for one night), I opted for a basic room and a shared bathroom. This I was fine with, until I learnt that the shared bathroom was the floor below ground floor (I was staying on the first floor). The stairs did…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or90-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Cheap and functional ,"The hotel is in a great spot.  Close to Victoria, with lots of local eateries and shops very local.  It s cheap and functional.  Small room but for £50 a night in such a central location I cannot complain.  Only complaint I have is other inconsiderate guests making lots of noise at any time they seem fit!!",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or90-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Okay, it's cheap. But you still have certain expectations of an establishment branding themselves as a hotel. This was worse than many hostels I've stayed in. The bedroom and shared bathroom was very dirty (the underside of my mattress was dripping wet and the side of the sheet stained brown - nice!) and the room gave me a headache as they'd painted the door immediately before I checked in. I left just feeling dirty and poorly rested as the walls were so thin. I wouldn't recommend other than the price and convenient location. ",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or95-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A complete nightmare - avoid at all costs,"I booked a hotel room at Chester Hotel, Victoria London a few weeks ago. When I arrived last night, the hotel clerk at the desk stated that he had to move me to another hotel (not room, but entirely different hotel!) which was 5 minutes down the road. I was travelling with two suitcases already - it is unbelievable that the hotel would change my reservation like this and not even give me the courtesy of letting me know. This is completely unacceptable. The hotel he took me to was called Park Hotel on Belgrave Road, and here the manager gave me a road on the outside of the building, not even inside the hotel! The room was downstairs on the side of the road, completely detached from the rest of the building. Getting my suitcases up and down those stairs was a complete…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or95-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible Customer Service,College students booked hotel for night stay. Wrong date was booked when they called to change date they were unable to properly communicate with a gentleman that had a heavy accent and were told no refund and no chance for further communication. We proceeded to call from the states and explained the situation and asked if dates could be switched. They agreed to give the girls two rooms instead of one and then proceeded to ask for more money than original booking and also stated they would still not refund for the night the girls couldn't come. Thus from 82 pounds they now wanted to charge $200 pounds AND keep the original $82 pounds for cancelling. Final cost $282 pounds for one night!!???! The girls called within the correct timeframe stated but couldn't communicate when we…,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or95-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Value for Money,"An excellent place in the heart of town with newly renovated rooms, clean facilities and friendly staffs. This is ideal for anyone looking for a simple convenient place to stay for ease of commuting to different part of the city. Great deal!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or95-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great little find!,"We decided to visit London on a whim so on our way there we booked to stay here for the night, the parking available is on street and you have to pay 8.30am-6.30pm any other time is free. There is free WiFi and we really liked our room! The shower was great, the bed was comfy and the room had USB charger sockets which were perfect as we only had the cable from the car for our phones! It was exactly what we needed for a nice stop over! ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or95-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Exactly what was needed!,"Summary: flexible and friendly staff. Cheap prices (depending on day and season). In the center of London and near to many important areas. Not too fancy but had everything that we needed.  My friend and I stayed here from Friday to Saturday (April 29th-30th). We ended up arriving in London a lot earlier than we thought so we called about 10-15 hotels in the area and the Chester Hotel was literally the only one that was able to accommodate us, even with an early time, and at a rather cheap price.  It was £45 for Friday from noon to Saturday at 10, which is an absolute steal! Especially in this location! It's seriously in the center of London, close to a lot of important landmarks, and about a 10 minute walk from the Victoria station.  We stayed in a double, the bed was just big…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or100-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Kim Bastian,"Was in a lovely location close to where I needed to be, had everything I needed as I was only staying for 1 night. Was a very small room however the bed was comfy, and I had a tele, sink and kettle so I was happy. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or100-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The only advantage of this hotel is its position near Victoria Station. The rooms are small and noisy, as we were disturbed every morning by the cleaning lady (very early in the morning - 7 or 8 a.m.). Furthermore the last day they knocked the door at 10 a.m. to tell us that we should check out (the check out on the confirmation paper was scheduled for 11 a.m.) Only the owner of the hotel was kind and polite when we checked in.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or100-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great location,Had a room with two doublebeds for two adults and 3 kids which was small but clean. Nice and helpful staff. We asked for extra blanket and towels and they delivered them immediately. Great location near Victoria station. There was also grocery stores nearby and many restaurants to eat in. ,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or100-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Nice place, tiny bed!","Small hotel in a good location in Victoria. Friendly staff. I had a small room with own shower. The room was clean and so was the bathroom. The bed was tiny and squeezed in between the walls. Im 1,70 and I reached both ends of the bed without stretching. Despite that I had a good nights sleep but I was happy I wasn't staying more than one night.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or100-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",moist.cold.miniroom witf minibed 160cm,"i thought nothing surprises me anymore;was wrong! room was minimini size,so was bed(i am 160cm and just about fit... moisture cellarbunker.cold and miserable. hardly could move around. at least own bathroom which was roomsized,but even more freezing. water was hot and enough.  Then service at the reception: They had been charged already my creditaccount,plus 3 pounds. I wanted a refund and asked payment in cash. they agreed,but they hadnt  change, so  THEY FORCED ME TO GET CHANGE,TIRED TRAVELLER;CUSTOMERSERVICE INDEED... But, yes all that info for charging was actually in the bookingconfirmation available. otherwise  guy at the rec handled my case very well;points for him.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or105-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Lovely place to stay,"My friend and I stayed two nights at this hotel. It was lovely, modern, clean and very close to Victoria Train Station. They also had free WiFi. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The only reason they didn't get a 5 is because I don't believe they serve breakfast so technically I give this place a 4.5/5 but it wouldn't let me add the half!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or105-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good value in a convenient location,"This is our third stay at Chester hotel. Our family of 4 stayed in one of the family rooms. Although small, it was clean, fresh and comfortable. It has a great location with walking distance to many tourist attractions and train station, but still quiet and safe. The staff is always friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or105-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Clean, small, friendly,","Chester hotel is in a very good location few minutes walk from Victoria station with plenty of coffee shops etc around it. Staff are friendly, room we stayed I was very small with no wardrobe or anywhere to hang clothes but it was clean and tea/coffee facilities were there. I would stay here again if I needed to be around Victoria station area. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or105-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",On business 1 night stay,"This is OK for a one off. The rooms are very small indeed and average cleanliness. The carpet could do with a clean and don't look behind the bed!! Curtains ripped.  However towels clean,linen clean. Only use this as somewhere to put your head. It's well located buy could be so much better with little effort... Staff friendly.  You get what you pay for I suppose....",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or105-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Good location, Good Value & clean","Stayed for one night (last-minute booking) and accommodation was better than expected.  Room was clean, bed comfortable, but the central heating wasn't working.  An electric heater was provided and was necessary due tot he rooms being built in the former 'coal arches', under the road.  Room was en-suite, which was a bonus.  However, I found someone 'lurking' in the basement passageway next to my room, smoking!  I complained to reception and they found the person responsible and gave them a warning.  After that, I found it difficult to sleep  as this was followed by some noisy guests.   A room in the main building would be preferable during the winter months.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or110-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Decent Budget Hotel, in great central location","The room was very clean, and the bed and sheets were also spotlessly clean. The room was small and in a basement with no outside windows, but was en-suite with shower, sink and toilet. Overall I was very pleased with the room, it was very good value for money, a fantastic bargain for such a central location. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or110-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Working in London,"While looking for affordable accommodation when working in London I came across this gem. Excellent location close to Victoria station, shops and restaurants, clean comfortable and high spec.   A very clean and comfortable room. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or110-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Would stay again ,"I was put in this hotel for work booked because of its location to Victoria Station and from this point of view its fantastic a 5 min walk. There are also a few decent pubs and places to eat close by. My main issue would be the noise ppl going in to there room up and down stairs or just generally talking and I don't meen shouting,  could even hear some one snoring! I think yhere may be a staff change over at 430am as on sevral occasions the noise at that time was particulary bad. Rooms are compact with train sized bathrooms there was however hot water soap & shower gel. the bed sheets were clean and bed was comftable just don't look at the throw and valence on the bed or the cushions. No cental heating but had a small electric heater which was more than enough im always cold so…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or110-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Don't order food to this hotel, they will eat it. ","The room was comfortable, clean and compact. Good location, great price. HOWEVER, we ordered pizza to be delivered, but due to jet lag we fell asleep before delivery. The delivery man left two pizzas at reception. When we came to collect them, the receptionist admitted that his ""colleague"" had eaten one. Genuinely could not believe it. There was no payment given for the food, we'd paid online. Appalling behaviour from a hotel - I was so shocked at the time I didn't know what to say!  Don't order food to be delivered here - they will eat it.  ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or110-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester Hotel.. a great hidden secret,"I was pleased with this hotel, especially for the humble price per night. The room was a good size, it was warm, great decor, comfortable, clean, and the staff were kind and helpful. I recommend this hotel and will stay again. I stayed in room 2 which was next to the office on the main floor and was impressed that I did not wake up due to staff talking or hearing the front door with new guests arriving. I fancy this hotel very much.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or115-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Close to Victoria Station,"The web site said it was 3 minute's walk from Victoria but it's about 7 minute's with a case so still close to the station, I booked a single from with shared bathroom, the room was ok but the curtain rail kept falling down & no coat hangers & no bin but the bed was comfortable & the room was clean, the shared bathroom was downstairs not even on the same floor quite far away if u wake in the night :-( The man on reception was not very friendly just did what he had to do. But as a 1 night stay over I would stay there again because it's very convenient + the room was clean.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or115-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",the worst hotel i've ever stayed,"good location but poor room and terrible staff. I arrived there in the morning so i wanted to leave my luggage in the hotel, but the guy couldn't speak english, and also he said to me ""speak english"" even i am Canadian!!!",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or115-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester hotel,Great value and location. Clean rooms and friendly staff on reception. Pictures may not make it look better than it actually is but it's very cheap and worth it for the money. Great big television too and a kettle . ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or115-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent stay!,"We had an excellent stay, just what we wanted.   The staff were extremely helpful and polite, the room was great for what you pay for.   Would recommend it to anyone   We'll definitely be coming back here again.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or115-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good location but poor room,"If you're wanting to be close to Victoria but in a quiet area this street is ideal. I had been booked in here for work as it was cheaper than comparable hotels in the same area.  The hotel itself is very small but not bad. There was free wifi. Check-in was slow and not particularly welcoming.  The room appeared good. Small but with a big comfortable bed. The decor was good and there were surprisingly good quality mini toiletries.  However, the bathroom was bizarre. It was more like the compartment in a train, the interior being entirely shaped melamine.  Either the shower had overrun or there had been a severe leak somewhere so the room smelled terribly of stale water. It was very unpleasant and made the room difficult to sleep in. It was a front facing room so sleeping with the…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or120-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay and excellent staff,"We stayed at Chester Hotel Victoria during our trip to London and we ended up with the conclusion that we couldn`t have chosen a better place for our stay. First of all, the price is very convenient for a hotel located so centrally and at hand. They do not serve breakfast, but there are many restaurants and coffees just minutes away from it. Upon arrival, we were welcomed in the reception by Cornel, the manager of the hotel, which was very helpful and provided us with all the useful information that we needed for our first visit in London and left us with a very good impression. So first class for him and for always being very responsive when we needed something. The room was a double room, not very spacious but just enough for us two. There is a kettle and cups with everything…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or120-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great over night experience at the Chester Hotel,"We were checked in with ease by the friendly staff and discovered we had misbooked our room as two single beds rather than a double ( our mistake ), but it was not a problem. We were given another room with the the double bed we needed.   The room itself had a modern feel to it and was clean and tidy. With a microwave and mini fridge and a great little shower room /toilet it was exactly what we needed for our over night stay.   The price was great for London and would recommend it to anyone staying up there as it had easy access to all the major attractions without to much traveling.   My wife and I had a great night for my birthday , and with the booking out time of 11, got a chance to sleep in which is unusual with 5 children.   Highly recommended.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or120-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very cheap but very shoddy,"I stayed here because it was in a convenient location and was cheap. Compared to other cheap hotels I've stayed in this was quite bad though. The bathroom had water all over the floor and a mop and cleaning fluid were stored in there. There was no shower curtain and the ceiling was so low I couldn't stand up in the bath and I'm short! The room was tiny and while all the amenities were there it was so small it probably shouldn't be a room. There was also loose, uncovered wiring in the hotel corridor and the place smelled of paint. ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or120-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pleasant stay!,"We were a little apprehensive after reading bad reviews about this hotel. But on arrival found that everything was completely adequate for the price. Everything was clean and the staff would do anything for you, you just have to ask. We stayed in the room just behind the reception desk which didn't bother us at all and made us feel quite safe. The only problem we found was a lack of coat hangers like most places.  The location was quite quiet with some nice restaurants near by. We would recommend the spicy world Indian just across the road. A few shows are near by... For example bully Elliot and wicked, however most other places are within a half an hour walk. Alternatively the tube station is just round the corner!   A very enjoyable stay in London. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or120-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not my cup of tea!,Room was very small as expected after reading reviews...but certainly didn't look like the picture!   The shower was freezing and flooded straight away.   The room also had a strange stale smell.   I stay in London a lot for work and I don't normally do budget...I won't be again!,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or125-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrrrrrrrrrible,"We visited this hotel last week. Our expectation was correlated with the price of the room: a modest and clean room. We booked for three and we got a room with two beds for 1.5 persons! Wonderful: two shrunk in one bed and a lucky in the second bed. Our room was in the underground with a small window in front of a garbage. The room carpet was very worn and there was no wardrobe for clothes, no heating (a simple portable electric radiator was staying closes to the door but there was no outlet). The bathroom was very small and uncomfortable (a shower, a XS-sized sink and a toilet) the room was almost clean but a horrible damp smell persisted even when the window was open. Three positive points (Yes it is possible!): internet WIFI, a large TV and the hotel is closed to Victoria…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or125-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful staff,"We stayed here for two nights. On the first night our receptionist didn't want to help us or advise on things to do in the area for bonfire night. He stated that he was new and that was his excuse. On the second night we were woken up at 4.30am by loud talking from a group of people above us and what sounded like furniture moving. I rang reception to ask him to tell these people be quiet to which he said he would. However 30 mins the noise was ongoing, when I rang reception again, the receptionist argued with me saying that there was no noise, and then abruptly hung up on me. We believe the noise was coming from reception itself.   The location is the only thing going for this hotel. Our bedroom doors were wet with paint, not that there was a sign or verbal warning about this.…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or125-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Great location, average hotel - met our expectations","For a cheap hotel in London, I didn't have high expectations. It was what I expected.  Beds were comfortable, bed linen clean, room had a kettle, small fridge and microwave.  We expected it to be small and it was, but it was comfortable enough for 3 of us and had enough room for all of our luggage, so can't complain about that.   While the room was clean, it did appear to be affected by damp (basement room) with some mould low down on the walls.  Carrying luggage down the tiny staircase wasn't fun, but again this was what we expected.  Shower didn't work properly but it was late when we tried it so we didn't bother reporting if it to reception until the next morning.  Suggestion: try the shower when you check in!   We were able to store our luggage before check in and after our…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or125-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great location and excellent staff,"For the beginning I would like to point out the location, which is walking distance from London Eye and Big Ben. Everything was perfect,starting from we arrived and the we departed. I would like to thank especially to Cornel(I hope I spelled it correctly) for looking after us and giving us good tips about the town. Excellent service and nothing was too much for him to help us. Thank you for this lovely experience and certainly I would recommend the hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or125-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Really tiny room,"It's so unbelievable to have such tiny rooms. i just wonder how the Tourism Board works in Britain. I had read the comments, but thought people had exaggerated. But actually, no. It's true. The room is maybe 3 meters by 3, maximum.. bathroom included. True, the shower is small, and the sink is even tinier.  You just wonder how you have space for a kettle in such a tiny room. Obviously, no real space for the luggage (i had only a small cabin luggage!). If you have a big suitcase, forget this hotel, as you won't have space to open it. The only good point is that the bathroom facilities are new, and this is great when you know that in Britain this kind of service is generally low. Next time I'd definitely spend more and get a bigger room!",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or130-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Nice and cozy,"I came to London as a tourist so I looked for something cheap and well located. I saw bad reviews but also good ones so I decided to ignore them. My room is really nice, recently renovated, I had everything that I wanted. The housemaid cleaned the room every day and changed the towels every day. The manager of the hotel, Cornel is friendly, he gave me a tourist map and showed me what to visit. He asked me if I want to change something in my room and I told him that the glasses need to be washed again and when I came to my room in the afternoon, they were really clean.  If you come here as a tourist or for bussiness, is the perfect place to stat. The room is very small. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or130-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location,friendly staff,clean room and all the  main attractions within 20 minutes walk,staff also let us leave our luggage in the lobby on the last day after we checked out so that we  could enjoy another day in London ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or130-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great value hotel in a very good location.,"I have read various reviews on here about his hotel and wonder exactly what people are expecting for the money they have paid. When booking a hotel you have to decide what you want from it. If you want to spend time in the hotel then you may need a swimming pool, gym, sauna etc. However usually if you are in London you are there to get out not stay in. Who wants to stay in a hotel when you are in the capital?  This hotel is ridiculously cheap for it's location. You can walk to Buckingham Palace within 10 minutes, you can walk to Victoria tube or railway station within about 4 minutes. You can walk to Westminster Abbey in 5 minutes. There are various restaurants, bars, pubs and convenience shops all within a few streets.   Yes the rooms are small, yes the shower is small, but it…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or130-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not recommend just because of the receptionist.....,"I have stayed for one night only, but that was enough to be honest. Room was ok, but the bathroom is extremely small. The most bizzare thing was the behaviour of the receptionist. We wanted to leave the lugggage before we check in and his answer to my question where I can leave mu suitacase was ,there,. Asked him couple of more time and stil the same answer without even removing his earphones.  So we didint rush back to the hotel in the evening as we were shocked from his behaviour but when we came back it was even more bizzare. I had to tell him couple of times we have a reservation there and no response, so I had to really ask him a question  by question, like:  do you have our reservation there? Has it been paid for? Can we get the key from our room? And answer to my last…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or130-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Horrible!,"About 4 m2 room, the pictures and the reality totaly different story.. I do NOT recomment it. The room itself located under the ground, hard to get it from the entrace with many luggage.. etc May, if you are only intressted to sleep 1 night for a relative cheap price, you are good to go.. but else.. skip it.       ",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or135-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Small hotel in good location,We stayed here for a few days in a tiny room with a kinda built-in cabin bathroom. It was clean but the staff at the reception weren't too kind. It's located in a nice street with typical English terraced houses and a friendly pub around the corner.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or135-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I know it was on the cheap end but come on...,"I know the room wasn't the most expensive however there are still certain standards that you expect in any hotel. I have stayed in budget hotels before but they have floor coverings rather than doormats to hide the lumps. They also don't book out rooms with pipes still poking out of the walls and panels missing in the bathroom...  The only window the room had bizarrely faced into the corridor and just contributed to the level of noise you could here. Our room contained no ventilation and was like a furnace the entire time were were there. The decoration of the room was generally nice clean and modern but being unfinished really spoilt it!  The Customer Service really was what set this place apart as being terrible. The receptionists behaviour was bizarre, we were told they don't…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or135-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great Central Hotel,Hotel very convenient with great travel links.Rooms is modern and very clean with everything you need. The chek in and out was efficient and the man on reception it was very plasant and helpful (Cornel) We would definitely stay at this hotel again if we wanted to visit London:)  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or135-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","First and last time, just for the reception staff",I was staying just for a night with a couple of friends in room 21. The bed was comfortable. Overall was clean. The size of the room was for max 2 persons not more and it was very warm. Instead having 2 double beds they could use the space to make bigger the bathroom. The bathroom sliding door wasn't professionally installed therefore wasn't really safe to opening and closing (it was lifting for the bottom). The sink was so little that for brush your teeth you have to lean on it in diagonal facing the mirror.  The most shocking thing was the reception staff that wasn't courteous at all! 'Polite'  wasn't a word part of their dictionary.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or135-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",great value,"didn't book anywhere expensive as we only stayed for one night so wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. fab little hotel lovely clean and modern room with en suite, would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or140-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not Satisfied,"Has an excellent location and thats what you are paying for. The room was clean and there was a large TV on the wall which was good. My complaint was that its too small, im an average size but no large person would be able to walk through the corridor or staircase. The bathroom was small and again no large person would have been able to take a shower i could barely turn round in it myself. The room was the length of the bed and nowhere to put my bag. Rooms are too close together its so cramped it has to been seen to be believed and to cap it off the maid never made the bed in the morning.  Shouldn't be allowed to trade under the guise of an hotel thats just being honest.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or140-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",VERY GOOD HOTEL,"I was in this hotel last week, and I like so much because the location is perfect, it is close to victoria coach station and also to the principal atraction  in london, the bedroom is small but if you want to find something central,clean, with private toilet and shower  and with goodprice, this is the  hotel that you need, the bedroom looks beautiful, with good decoration.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or140-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good price and clean room BUT...,"If you are a light sleeper, dun stay here. Very bad soundproof (Room 8). Location at basement n constant footstep from the ceiling. Can heard the guests' noise staying in the unit above mine. Noise like up n down the staircase n walking around the room.  If you are an average size Caucasian man, dun stay here. The shower is so small an average size Asian woman (like myself) felt like showering in a vertical coffin.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or140-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Helen,Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Chester Hotel and had a great time.  Room had recently been decorated and was clean with all good facilities. Bathroom was small but all good.   Location was excellent and walking distance to Buckingham Palace and other main tourist attractions.  A lovely quiet street with a supermarket just around the corner.  For the money this is a great hotel.. I would stay again.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or140-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Amazing little room for little price.,"I should have stayed longer. If I'm going to come back some day - this hotel will be strongly considered as a place to visit again. Little gem hidden in the Westminster. Little price for atmospheric room.  Super kind staff at reception desk. I have been in this hotel in 2006, changed a lot for better. Well done Management!!!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or145-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Gross, 40 quid yes but nevertheless..","Arrived and was given card to room 16 in the basement. Hazard tape everywhere. Get into the room to find a mans suitcase and clothes in my room!  The bed was barely a single size, there was a tv, bin, fridge and very basic tea/coffee facilities, the shared bathroom was very dated and stinky. Oh and there was a copper wire sticking out the wall!  Only paid 40 quid so can't grumble too much but feel this place will prob get closed down soon!",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or145-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Don't even bother,Stayed over with a friend. Had the worst room ever looked at my bedding to see period stains on it not only that but there bugs aswell as a dirty cover. I don't know what kind of hotel but it's not one. There was no electricity in the room asked nicely to change rooms only to get a no. The carpet in the room might as well have not been there. The teas and coffee items in the room had stains. I had seen the cleaner rummaging through old ones looking for which okay ones to give or put back in the room. The bathroom in the basement was constantly wet and had a stench like smell it was beyond disgusting. And got a nice wake up call at 7 in the morning by the most considerate cleaners with them yapping about like there's no one sleeping. I would never ever book there even for last…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or145-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Avoid this place,I know you pay a low price for a basic room but you at least expect it to be safe. Two of us spent Easter weekend. 67 year old mum put in the basement single basic room with wet floors and poor lighting. Complained and was told they would move her the following day. To leave her case packed and they would move it.  Back from day out and surprise surprise they had no rooms spare to move her too!!!!  Ended up swapping her with my room. Cleaners were round cleaning at 8am on a weekend. People take a break to rest and recuperate not be kept up by cleaners!!!!  Would not stay again at this place and would not recommend.,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or145-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",1 night stopover,"V clean room, small but with all basic requirements provided, therefore good value for money. Location central and staff helpful, even supplying sweets! Only complaint is that I greatly resent paying a charge on my debit card payment (there is a notice up, it's true, but I didn't see it). Apart from that, fine!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or145-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Basic but nice - ideal location!,"I've had a few nightmare experiences in hotels this cheap before, but I've always worked on a policy of 'it's for one night, suck it up'. However, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the Chester Hotel. My room was tiny, but had everything I needed - towels, a kettle, two big mirrors, plenty of hangers, tv and of a course a bed. Sure the chandelier didn't have all it's bulbs working (though it was very pretty), but that's really not a big problem. I was impressed it had a little heater for cold nights, although even in chilly early March by room was fine - I even had the window open in the night.  The only fault with the room really was the blanket on the end of the bed (not the duvet) was stained, and not permanently - it clearly just hadn't been washed. No problem, I…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or150-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",What an experience!,"Picked this hotel without having read any reviews - which definitely is a first for me! We stayed in the hotel for 2 nights (over the weekend) and were given a groundfloor room (right behind the reception) upon arrival. Since the blind wouldn't shut, I asked to change the room and we got a room on the upper floor (where the curtains didn't fully close either..). The hotel is currently being refurbished which has the advantage of a lot of things being new (bathroom, TV, bedroom furniture..) but the downside of things not being finished (doors not painted, radiators not working (portable heating instead which was ok)...). It actually felt clean and we got towels that had been dry cleaned (the guy took them out of the plastic wrapping in front of us).  The room was probably the…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or150-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",short break in London,"Hello, we travelled 3 adults and child to London for 2 days only - we wanted something closer to city centre, cheap and not that big (and busy). Chester hotel was last minute choice and I must say it was good hotel. Room tiny with all things you need so it wasn't negative, although was a bit dusty (my girls loong experience when worked in hotel - must check these things always at arrival ).we got tea and coffee on table, little fridge..the only thing I didn't like was so tiny sink in bathroom we couldn't fit kettle in it... guys at reception were friendly and helpful. Yes we can come again for short break.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or150-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Oh Dear !!,"We usually stay in a slightly cheaper B&B in Victoria, but decided to pay a little more as the rooms looked nicer & we wasn't bothered about the hotel not supplying breakfast.  The rooms look nice on the website & too be fare they 'probably' have been refurbished fairly recently, however they have not been looked after, the chandelier was yellow (it should have been clear) & had unsuitable bulbs in (if you are going to do a job, do it properly & not half assed is my feeling) there were picture canvasses on the wall, most wern't straight & the curtain pole was hanging off one end. There were marks on the walls, which could have been cleaned easily. There was a small flat screen tv on the wall above one of the beds, which you couldn't have watched in bed.  It was a twin room, very…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or150-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful AVOID AVOID AVOID,Booked this place because it was cheap and its location to Victoria coach station.  Wasn't expecting much but this was unacceptable.  The roof of the bathroom leaked after the person above us had a shower and when we complained it took us two attempts to get something to be done about it.  They just tried to ignore the first complaint.  Eventually the 'receptionist' kicked around a few towels on the floor and left them there.  Terrible service.  When I sent a complaint email I never got a reply.  Disgraceful.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or150-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Lovely stay at this hotel.,"I stayed at this hotel by myself this month(room 9)  Room>>Lovely and clean. Okay a little small but as a single traveller it was okay for me.En suite small bathroom with shower(you do have to stand far back against the wall and try not to flood the whole bathroom), toilet and sink. Towel, shampoo, shower gel and soap provided. Kettle with cups, tea, coffee and sugar. A fan heater(didn't use as room was a nice temperature) and plenty of mirrors! No cupboard or chest of drawers but there is a hanging rack with a few hangers. Tv worked great with freeview. Only thing is I couldn't get the subtitles off. Free wifi works great too. Nice deco. Not much of a view but didn't bother me at all.  Bed>> Memory foam mattress and pillows. A few throw pillows. A warm blanket and bedthrow. …",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or155-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,"Positive: The room is clean, staff are friendly and they have WiFi and a TV in your room. It also has a selection of takeaways and restaurants not two minutes away.  Negative: The shared bathroom I was using is actually used as a cleaning cupboard with chemicals and a mop and bucket in the corner. There was also a lot of noise from people walking around upstairs during the night.  Overall: It's a cheap, comfortable bed for the night. It's like staying in a friends' spare room. If you simply seek shelter for your stay in London and do not wish to spend much then it's perfect. I'm going back for another night.               ",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or155-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Clean, quirky, budget hotel in London Victoria ideal for stopovers","This budget hotel occupies several small terraced Georgian town houses less than a 10 minute walk from Victoria Station and Victoria Bus Station, in an attractive street of Georgian properties. The main entrance and reception are very narrow and there is no lounge, bar or dining room in the hotel, but lots of shops, café’s, restaurants, takeaways, bars and pubs are in the vicinity. The hotel has 25 rooms from the basement to the 2nd floor.  At the time I stayed, the top floor rooms were being renovated, and I was booked in a newly renovated room on the top (2nd) floor), at the back of the building. It was a small double room, around 16 square meters with a rectangular en-suite pod occupying around 4 square meters in the corner of the room. I say “pod” because the door opened…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or155-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",False advertising at its finest,"DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!  After finding this hotel on laterooms.com I called the hotel directly to ask about parking facilities and to check availability. They confirmed there was only ONE 4 person room (two double beds) left and there was local parking but it was on a first come first served basis (we chose to prebook a parking space from a car space renting website to secure parking which was great). They said if we booked through them directly they would give us a 10% discount, assuming they have to pay a fee for everything they sell through laterooms. When I chose to book through them I asked if I could do it while I was on the phone to secure my room quicker and they said that's fine and asked me to do a bank transfer. After having a couple of hiccups last year with…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or155-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",horrible,"I had a room on the basement floor. It was horribly cold (heater hardly did anything) and i had WATER COMING OUT OF THE CEILING. Bathroom was filthy too (blood in the tub...). The room was incredibly small aswell with no windows. Dreadfull. Also water in the hallway. Left the hotel after 1 night even though i booked 3 nights. After lots of quarelling they promised a refund, but no money yet. Location is great but there are much better hotels nearby. Just horrible.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or155-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A bit better than camping,"Good Location is good, the bed was comfortable.  Bad Room was unfinished. Pillow was a rock. Shower didn't drain so water leaked all over the room floor. Its not possible to sit on the toilet straight without hitting the sink. There was no electrical socket, so it wasn't possible to plug in and turn on the tv, or make a 'complementary' cup of tea. The walls are so thin, you can hear a mouse fart in the room upstairs.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or160-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Hotel hell,"This was my worst hotel experience EVER. When pondering if this would be the right hotel for me, it was confusing some people rated it so highly, others so poorly. I personally believe it depends on whether or not you get a basement room or not. I got a basement room. It was cold, damp and there was WATER dripping from the ceiling and water in the hallway (because of the rain).  The room itself was a tiny cell, only a small bed could fit in it. I couldnt even fully open my rather small traveltrolley bc the room was so tiny. The bed itself was comfy enough but that couldnt make up for the fact that it was RAINING IN MY ROOM. The shared bathroom was also filthy (and i have had my share of shared bathrooms, this one was GROSS with blood in the bathtub). I was meant to stay 3 nights…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or160-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We have been there for a weekend. We just needed a central place to stay and the location of this hotel is just perfect. 5 minute walking distance from Victoria station where all buses to/from airport leave. Just 100mt from the door the bus 24 takes you to national museum and Camden town, very practical. The area is cosy and you will find all kind of restaurants. Rooms were a bit small but overall clean. Kind and helpful stuff. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or160-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Would stay here again,"Excellent location, 1 nag is that they took card payment before we got there and was expecting to pay the full amount on arrival!  This place is going though a refurbishment at the moment we was in the 1st of meny new room and what a delight, It was clean & tidy. Definitely stay here again",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or160-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester crash pad,"After reading previous reviews I was a bit concerned that booking a stay at this hotel was the right thing to do? My requirements; Cheap, clean, overnight stay in london as I was going out with work for Christmas drinks. It ticked all the box's. When you walk in and look around it is tatty and in need of renovating but the room was clean, as was the bed sheets and pillows and the bed was very comfortable.  It isn't a hotel I would recommend a long stay but for a single person / couple looking for a cheap no frills crash pad in london, go for it!!                ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or160-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very satisfied - and would book again when in London.,"First an e-mail where there was an online cancelling. Probably my fault. Called the hotel. Talked to a very nice guy who just handled everything perfectly. Got my room when arriving. Two very nice young ladies working there showed me my room, where the bathroom was and everything with a - just say if you need anything at all! Thank you, ladies! The bed was the best to sleep in at my entire stay in England. Soft but not too soft. it vent really surprisingly well with shared bathroom. A little bit noise from other rooms at night - but when staying in Westminister, you will be so tiered from strolling around, that you will sleep fast and hard anyway. The next day I should stay in London till 20 pm. Check out at the hotel is 11 am. But I got no problem keeping my suitcase at the…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or165-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Average overall,"Suited me fine for just myself for 1 night however I did feel the ensuite wasn't in the best condition - dusty and bathroom fixtures left out. My room was cold and I could hear a lot of noise from outside the room. The tv didn't work, not that I really minded as I wasn't ever in the room long. Pretty basic but for the price and the location it was ideal.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or165-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Nice room, helpful staff, great location.","After reading previous reviews, I didn't know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised. On arrival the staff give us a map with main attractions circled and asked if there was anywhere in particular we wanted to visit that he could mark, he also give us directions and the number of the buses we would need. The room was nicely decorated, modern & clean with tea facilities, fridge & microwave along with toiletries which were replenished as needed. Large flatscreen tv and free wifi. 5 minute walk from Victoria station and surrounded by restaurants and bars. They also allowed us to leave our luggage at the hotel after check out so that we could explore the city more before we left. I would recommend this hotel & I will be staying here again on my next visit to London.  ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or165-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Did not even make it to hotel,"I had a reservation to stay at the Chester Hotel next week, and even though the website where I confirmed the reservation expressly stated that I will not be required to pay any deposit in advance, this hotel still attempted without my instruction or authorization to debit my credit card.  When they failed, they asked me for ""valid credit card"" details, which I was not prepared to send to them via e-mail for security reasons, even though I would not have minded paying a deposit if this was required from the start and I could do so via a secure site.  The e-mails I received from the hotel's administrator were full of spelling errors and were generally very unprofessional.  In the end, I decided that this introduction surely spelled disaster for my stay in London, and cancelled my…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or165-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",What you would expect in London,"Paid £100 a night for a small double bed for me and my boyfriend. I kept falling off the bed at night and the bathroom area was the size of an airplane lavatory. Also I was in room 14 which was on the top floor and had to carry my suitcase up 3 flights of narrow stairs. It was clean though, there was a TV and the desk people were okay to deal with. Pretty standard for London accomodation.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or165-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",2 nights of hell,"Can quite openly admit that this hotel is not worth £10 a night never mind £60 per night which I paid. The single rooms are smaller than prison cells with the beds to match. Dirty, shared bathroom without a proper shower. Cold and damp area to stay (in the cellar) and the staff were not particularly helpful (the one spoke very little English).  I spent the first night listening to screaming teenagers down the hall way and had very little sleep. My best method was turning the TV up to full volume (Which was also difficult with a broken remote).  The only good thing about this hotel was the typical English style pub across the road where I spent most of my time as I was trying to avoid my cell at all costs!   If you need any advise on where to stay then avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or170-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Excellent location, clean but basic","I stayed in a single room for 3 nighs. Was very happy with the location, the staff were friendly enough and the room was clean though very small. It was adequate for my needs and on the less expensive end of things considering its central London, but be aware it's not the sort of hotel you stay in if you intend to spend long periods of waking hours in your hotel. This is a cheap, safe and comfortable place to sleep, not much more. Free wifi was much appreciated.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or170-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good location,Very good location and friendly staff. Single room is small but what would you expect for this price in central London 2 minutes away from Victoria Station. Room and hotel were clean and noise level was ok.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or170-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Horrible,"Can honestly say the worse £300 I never spent as I refused to stay there. Bedroom pokey, looking out over a building site. Surly reception staff, rude and unhelpful. Door that didn't close properly. No fridge as promised. Complete tip and when I asked for a different room I was told none available and no one else had complained which I find very hard to believe. I was there with my two children and to be frank didn't feel safe. Contacted booking.com and arranged a different hotel. DO NOT STAY THERE, HORRIBLE!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or170-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Bad Choice,"Our room was aprox 10ft by 12ft. This included a shower and a toilet.A bit like a porta-cabin. Our bed was 4th wide and pushed beside the window. No AC so the window was open at night and noisy in the street. A flat screen TV almost the size of the bed width added to the sense of claustrophobia. It was shabby but clean. The bed was not well remade,and we had to ask for fresh towels on our 2nd day. It cost 420 € for 3 nights. You would not go back to this hotel for a rest during the day. Very disappointing !",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or170-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great base to explore London,"The hotels location is its best quality! We wanted somewhere that was cheap with a clean bed/shower/toilet where we could dump our stuff and have a short walk to all the attractions of London! The staff were friendly and helpful and even stored our luggage for us when we had checked out so we could explore some more! The rooms were small granted but it was fine for us! Bit of advice for people wanting to book here, If your looking for something cheap, great location and a clean bed to sleep then book it! If you want to spend any time in the hotel other than to sleep/shower rather than having a base to explore from I would advise to pay more and stay somewhere else. The reason for this is that the rooms are very small and some people may find this hard to overlook. Whilst we were…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or175-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",bad hotel,i spent 3 night in the terrible basement room with a dirty bathroom always full of water which was used by 3 rooms. never again.wanted to watch football from brazil but tv did not work.the room was like a coffin. no window and no air.                     ,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or175-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Clean but noisy,"We stayed at this hotel for one night on a flying trip to London.  It is situated in a pretty street about 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station.  Our room was a cellar room towards the front of the property.  The room and the linen / towls etc were clean but when we returned after a few hours out and about (having left the window closed for security) there was a very musty, damp smell in the room.   The bed was comfortable enough for a good sleep.  Unfortunately cellar rooms in Victorian houses are not designed with sound proofing in mind and we could hear every footfall and cough in rooms above and alongside us.  Combined with the waste pipe from above running through our bathroom making upstairs toilet flushes noisier than our own, and a water tank right outside the window…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or175-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very Small Room But Met Our Needs,"The location was great, easy walk from Victoria Station as well as an easy walk to the sights. We walked everywhere from this hotel. The room was very small and it did have a very small bathroom in the room which was very important to us. Loved having coffee and tea service in the room. The price was probably good for the area. The TV worked well. The staff was helpful when we needed help. They stored our luggage Free as we arrived before check-in time so we could start checking out London. Free Wi-Fi worked very well.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or175-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Must try better,"Good location but hotel seems to be a work in progress. My room was downstairs and although not quite as bad as some of the pics on here was far from ideal. Electric heater was a fire waiting to happen and one corner of the room was being or had been converted from a kitchen area and was unfinished. To be fair for the price it was an OK nights sleep, but would not go back.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or175-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I don't know what people are complaining about!,"This hotel was only £50.00 for one night in May! It is a five minute walk from Victoria train station and within minutes walk from lovely mix of restaurants and boutiques. The room was decorated in tasteful décor, there was free tea/ coffee/ shower necessities, a flat screen tv and we found the staff very welcoming. Nothing bad to say...only good.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or180-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Bad experience,"Tiny hotel, not made for a 195 tall, had to walk 2 floors down for wc and shower, dirty bed linen. They did not service the room everyday and when they did it was not done properly! I know I did not pay much but a minimum off service should still be expected",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or180-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Ayoub,"The hotel was clean and well located. Reception guys and cleanning staff helped a lot during my stay.  It was very easy to find from Victora station. I got a single room with shared bathroom, it was quiet small one, but suffucient for my stay.                      ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or180-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible Terrible Terrible!,"This hotel probably goes down as one of the worst places I have ever stayed in.  My room was nothing more than a damp cellar that had had a lick of paint and a few tiles put on the walls.  It was the filthiest hotel room I've stayed in.  All the walls, and all surfaces were caked in a thin layer of what I could only presume was cement or plaster dust.  Dirt, grime, damp, and hair  were to be found everywhere,   The room itself was tiny and only enough space to fit a bed in, with a little bit of space remaining to stand.  I arrived about 10:30 PM and the hotel was locked. I spent a number of minutes pressing a number of available doorbells with no response.  Finally I  looked down over the railings, and saw a glass covered corridor, into which a young guy emerged from one of the…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or180-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not too bad for the price,"I spent one night in room 5 on the second floor after a last-minute booking because I didn't want to spend another night in a hostel. I've never stayed at another hotel in London, but considering the price I'd say this is pretty good value. I had a single room that could have slept two. The (ensuite) bathroom was one of those prefab ones and it was tiny, but since it was just me that was ok. There was a sewery smell coming out of it though. The bed was comfortable enough and the sheets were clean. The walls in the building are practically cardboard so it did get woken up a few times by other guests coming and going. It definitely wasn't the best place I've ever stayed in, but I seriously doubt 40 quid will get you anything better in this (great) location. Perks: great location,…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or180-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A comfortable stay,We visited as a family with 2 children. Upon arrival had to wait 10 minutes outside as no answer. We were let in by other guests and waited a further 5 minutes at reception. A young man finally appeared and apologised. Check in was quick. Given family room in basement. Clean and tidy. Beds very comfortable. Huge television. Great location. Thin walls though can hear everything above and next door room.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or185-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Slight Disappointment,"We have stayed in many London hotels but this was a true reflection of you get what you pay for. The hotel itself is in a good location however, the staff are non existent with one member of staff, the desk clerk not serving us until he had finished his personal telephone call.  The room was spacious with modern decor. The cleanliness was mediocre but it left you feeling uneasy. The glasses provided in the room were filthy and look as if it hadn't been cleaned in a while, and although a fridge was provided it is not something you would want to use.  The bathroom was the main issue. Granted it is slightly larger than we have had previously in London but there was a foul smell that constantly seeped out of the bathroom that I cannot describe as anything else but sewage.  If we had…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or185-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I enjoyed my holiday here,"I recently stayed at this hotel for four nights and was happy to be given room 9 just a few steps inside the front door and beside the reception. I was alone and the small room was fine for me. £41 p/n. The double bed was fine and I was very happy to have a good widescreen tv on the wall to look at. There was very little noise at night. Another big plus! The toilet (and shower) in the room were fine too, although there could have been a raised base around the shower.  The towel I was given was not very clean. Btw, don't expect a view from the window. I was of course happy with the location, just a few minutes walk from Victoria station.  Even the weather was favourable during my holiday there. I've decided I want to return here next time I'm in London for any length of time. I…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or185-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","A lovely hotel with amazing, polite staff","I originally booked this hotel for a spontaneous trip to London and thought for the price it was great! I started reading reviews after I booked and started to scare myself into thinking I was staying at a right dive but it was honestly much better than everybody was saying. Maybe people are expecting too much from it but for half the price of the local Premier Inn I have no complaints.   As soon as I stepped in the whole place smelt lovely and the staff were so polite I immediately felt at home. Admittedly the rooms are quite on the small side but they are beautifully decorated. There was cleaning products left under the bathroom sink hidden out the way, there were noises from different floors and there was duck tape on a tear in the carpet. Other than that there was nothing…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or185-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pure Filthy,"Booked on-line for 4 nights. I get that £40 per night without breakfast wasn't going to be The Ritz, as I was only going back to sleep at night. I was given a room downstairs which was 6 ft by 5ft that bed was wall to wall. Sitting on edge of bed allowed my feet to touch door to room. Hooks on back of door to hang clothes. Not a window or shelf.  1st night was raining and the the rain was escaping into the tiled hall outside room into gutter. Shocking noise torture. The guy at reception was sleeping on the floor on his mattress when he popped his head up. No point saying anything here. In fact he was waiting outside the shared bathroom with his toothbrush in hand. I could only sit on my bed to do some paper work and when time for bed just crawled in, however on the last night…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or185-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Cheap and fine for a working Xmas.,"I was working over Christmas and stayed there on Christmas night. £50 for Christmas night so it was cheap. Quite, warm, clean. TV with Tea making and on suite shower and Toilet. That's all I wanted for the night.  It's value for money. Can't complain.   Oh and very comfortable bed.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or190-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",My room stinks ! I can hear everything!,"My room stinks, i can hear everything the room above do, no silencie. Good location. The room is very small, my room for a culpe has only 1 towel and the bath remember me an airplane bath. The location and friendly recepcionists are the positive point. ",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or190-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",very price functioning hotel,"I stayed twice in this little hotel in london,  warm atmosphere at a great location - 2 mins from saintsbury & 24 hours store, 5mins walk from train and metro, number 24 takes you down to central london for just 1.4 pounds on a scenic route - embankment, covent garden, leicester square and tottenham trend. The receptionist was kind enough to recommend me to pay a little extra for a single room - way better off to stay in an ensuite above ground floor - their foam pillow is quite comfortable. One point to note that only radiator is used and the shower pressure is not very stable but acceptable. Helpful team of staff especially the manager at morning shift - am indeed grateful for his help. Housekeeping is up to the hotel scale and standard, recommended for short trips, be it…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or190-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Met my expectation,"I wonder if this is the same hotel that some of the reviews gave 5/5. Because the hotel was cheap and more than affordable, I thought the worst would come and the hotel met my expectation.  The single room was in the lower level with a shared toilet. The room was about 2 m x 2 m. Remote control was not in the room so I went to the reception to get one. Then TV was not working. At one point, electricity in the room and the toilet blacked out for a while. It was not a good experience in the basement room.  A positive note is that because I didn't want to stay long at the hotel, I left very early the next morning at 5AM and had plenty of time for sightseeing.   On the other hand, the location is terrific. Buckingham Palace is nearby with a majority of landmarks. Victoria Station is…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or190-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Superb costumer service from receptionist, really nice room and great location!!!",The costumer service here is spectacular and the rooms are no different from some 5 star hotels I've previously been to. The receptionist connor is really nice and the hospitality here is awesome! I definitely reccomend the chester hotel to everyone. Thers the bucking ham palace right up the road and has every thing u need close by! I personally love my stay here and definitely will be returning! I love it !!!  ,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or190-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Definitely would go again,"Stayed here mid October for four nights while I explored London and went for a job interview. Due to a hangover and serious train delays, I got there around eight o'clock at night rather than the 3pm I estimated. Fortunately enough they weren't bothered at all, I was quickly checked in and settled in.   For the room! I was in room 7, the room was definitely small but the bedding was lovely and clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was nice and clean. If you wanted to be finicky (as many people have been) the carpet was a bit dog eared, there was a little damage to one wall and there was a slight funny smell. But I've lived in student halls, I've seen much much worse! Had wonderful nights sleep, the bed was wonderfully comfy (so many pillows!) and the shower was always piping…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or195-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent!,"I've stayed at Chester Hotel in October and I had a very nice experience. Friendly staff always ready to assist you in a professional manner. Clean bedrooms, warm and cozy with very comfortable beds. I highly recommend this hotel! Good job, guys!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or195-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Aliya,"I booked a room recently for me and my husband, we been there for 4 nights and I am happy I choose Chester Hotel. Excelent position, in the heart of London - Victoria station, very quiet area, very good price and of course very nice and lovely staff. The room was a bit small but the bed is very comfortable with clean sheets.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or195-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent Customer care,"Hi,  I would like to share with everybody the nice moments spent at Chester Hotel. The hotel staff (and I would like to mention here the receptionist - Cornel) is very friendly, everybody treats you good. The hotel is located in the heart of London, very easy to go anywhere. I recommend the hotel from the bottom of my heart and with the next visit in London it will be my pleasure to come back again here.  Congratulations guys, you deserve to be praised!  Regards, Vivi Botogan",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or195-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You get what you pay for !,"Hotel excellent position for attending a conference at the nearby Park Plaza and convenient for Victoria station. Single room downstairs smelt of damp, probably because of no ventilation, but you get used to it after a while. Bed comfy, not sure how they fit it in the room though as you could just squeeze past it to get to the bathroom. Very tired furnishings with lots of marks on the carpet Bathroom not too bad, but only 1 medium size towel provided. Low cost for London - £70 for a single room, but you get what you pay for",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or195-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"I wish I had read the reviews here because it is all true.  My bedlinen was dirty, with black hairs, the shared bathroom was disgusting. The wall between my room and this bathroom allowed for every sound of people in the there coming through - yuk!  There is a thin door that divded the hotel and a big building site! I felt very vulnerable as a solo female traveller as there was no security such as signing in and the staff were unfriendly.  When I left the receptionist was asleep with a duvet over him behind the counter and he just grunted as me as I left.  I would not recommend this place ever - pay more for somewhere else.  Good location though.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or200-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Brilliant location, not so brilliant room","If you're staying for one night and need somewhere near Victoria, it's probably worth considering the Chester.  Wouldn't want to stay any longer than that however.  The room was basic, to say the least, extremely compact with tired carpets & furnishings.  It was generally clean however with crisp bed linen etc.   All in, it served a purpose but I'm not in a hurry whatsoever to return.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or200-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Great location, shame about the room","If you are here for a night or two and need to be near the tube station of Victoria, it is ideal.  Otherwise a not unclean but our room number 7 was smelly, in a basement, toilet didnt flush properly, sink blocked, bed sheets not changed in 3 nights!. Lights kept turning off and on with no reason or apology. Welcome/ departure no smile just fill this in and go, no offer of help with luggage. Wouldn't go back, wouldn't recommend it unless you can't smell and don't need to use the toilet or tap and don't care about service as there isn't any.  Shame, it could be a good place.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or200-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",EXCELLENT!,"A lovely clean and very accomodating hotel. Greeted warmly from two smartly dressed gentlemen. We booked a double room, which actually was a twin room, but twin DOUBLE beds. Nice clean en suite, which was compact but perfect for the two of us. Clean cups and a mini fridge. Memory foam pillows. Crisp clean bed linen. Good size tv. Very relaxed. Very happy. Will definately be back again. Thank you :-) ",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or200-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A decent place in great location.,"We stayed here as a couple for one night on our way from Southampton to Helsinki. The location was just perfect for us, we arrived at and left from Victoria station. We dropped our baggages there and went on to see the city, it all went easily. There was a kind of a hassle when we got back, because apparently they weren't sure where the key to our room was, and the night receptionist didn't speak English too well. Our room was number 2 and there was enough space, could have been a bit cleaner though, but in this price range I think it was ok. Next day we again left our baggages there and went to see the city. Overall, Chester Hotel worked out well for us.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or200-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",There are better for the same price.,"It wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, but I wouldn't stay again or recommend. It was clean and in a great location, and our room wasn't too bad. I think we had a lucky room. We had to stay an extra night in London and looked at last minute deals, we ended up in a 5* for £90 in covent garden! My advice would be to wait until the night before to get a great deal, check for big events in London though before you wait. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or205-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",a complete rip off,"My husband and I stayed in the Chester Hotel for 4 nights (10th – 14th July).  We would certainly not recommend itl, Room 1– at over £100 per “double” room per night and that included a discount it was like a cell – filthy carpet patched with tape, no bedside light or table, nowhere to lay out a case/backpack,  no plug in the sink, no tumbler or bathmat in the bathroom (why 2 wineglasses?) a rickety chair and worst of all – no fresh air  - the window opened on to the entrance to toilets and the area above was covered in!  The receptionist was glued to his mobile – didn’t have much in the way of politeness and constantly fobbed us off. Had to wait a day to get the correct remote for the TV.  Maid was lovely and at least the bed and bathroom were clean. Health & Safety issue too -…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or205-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",prisoners have more room,"To call room 17 a bedroom is having a laugh. If this was a prison cell the governer would be in trouble with the prison reformers. I am not a tall man but my head touched the one wall and my feet the other whilst in bed. Take a tip and use the loo before showering or take your wellies. A fridge passes for a bedside table here. On the plus side I had 2 mirrors, but they were both on the floor. The room is in fact 2 converted coal cellers, I tried to take some photos, but it is so tiny that it was impossible to get a photo. I have only given them a terrible rating as there is not a worse one on this website.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or205-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Stayed here for one night on 30 June. The location is perfect and we paid £45 for the room, which was extremely clean and tidy. It was pretty small, but we didn't expect any less for what we'd paid.   Staff were friendly and helpful, not that we needed anything. Was also pleasantly surprised to find tea and coffee making facilities in the room.  All in all a good experience for the money. Not sure i'd stay for more than a couple of nights due to the room size, but it's perfect if you need a central London bed for the night.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or205-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",What a dump!,"My friend and I stayed in early May 2013.  We chose this hotel because of its location and price, the proximity to Victoria station is a plus . Due to some mix up, instead of us getting a single room with ensuite each, they gave us a ""triple"" with a small rebate. Costs us 80 pounds for the one night we were there. The ""triple"" was a joke.  There was a 4 feet bed which is supposed to be for 2 persons.  I do not know how two persons can sleep in this bed.  Then there is a 2.5 feet single bed, both placed in an L-shaped alignment with a bedside table at the foot of the single bed.  When the person who sleeps in the single bed toss and turn with the bedclothes, everything on the bedside table would go toppling over. There is barely room left in the room for 2 big luggages and 2…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or205-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",not nearly as bad as we expected,"Myself and 3 other adults stayed here for 2 nights in march. We stayed in room 18 in the basement. Yes it was small but I thought it was pretty cosy. The decor was pretty nice, big tv....comfortable beds. Check in was a breeze and the staff were friendly enough. There was a power cut on the second night for a couple of hours but we made light of this and found it quite amusing. My partner left all our valuables in the hotel which the staff was kind enough to inform us but we were half way across the country which resulting in them having to send us or things for a fee of ten pounds which I thought was reasonable. The hotel was extremely cheap and I would happily stay there again as somewhere to change and get my head down. Location was fantasticI really don't see what all the…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or210-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very disappointed...,"Had to be in London for a cricket match, booked with Chester hotel through LateRooms, on the day of arrival a member of staff in Chester hotel called me that card has been declined and I cannot be accepted in the hotel, so I had to find other arrangements. The money has been taken the day after I already arrived home with no explanation, no call from hotel and I didn't even stay at the hotel. THIS IS COMPLETELY OUT OF ORDER.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or210-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I expected worse!,"A last minute booking for a night out in Victoria. Paid £42. I expected a dive after looking through some reviews, but what do people expect for the price. We stayed in room 18 in the Basement. 2 double beds, ensuite and a tiny window looking onto room 17 but this is not the type of place to spend more than a couple of nights, so why would it be a problem when you have London right on your doorstep?  Clean enough in the room. The guy at the desk told us we could leave the room at anytime the next day so we could sleep off our hangover.  If I'm ever in the need if a cheap room in Victoria at short notice then I wouldn't mind staying there again. ",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or210-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Basement nightmare,Had to be in London for  a meeting at short notice and got last 2 free rooms here for my son and I.We had a double and a single room.As I was treating my son I insisted he have the double leaving me the single.This was room 17 in a basement corridor cul de sac with drains outside the room.It was a nightmare.The room barely had space for a single bed-the en suite was larger than the room.There was a bare window into the corridor and was kept awake by all night light in corridor and cramped bed.Have reported this hotel to Environmental Health as this is fire risk and not fit for habitation.Tried to complain to young guy on reception but his grasp of English was apparantly poor.Meant to complain on departure next morning but same young guy was sleeping at reception under bedsheet…,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or210-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",The cheapest double en suite we could find - and it was ok,"I booked Chester's double en suite room after spending time in internet trying to find some acceptable place for under 50 e/night. I was surprised it was even possible to find, but a bit worried what kind of hotel this would be. The location was anyway very good and helped to make my decision.  - We were staying in a cellar without any views from the window but some sunlight from the street up. Anyway, I've been in more expensive hotels with miserable views, and this street was peaceful. The room was ok with necessary equipment, even some pictures and mirrors on the wall. Quite clean; only the carpet was in need of some proper hoovering and the bathroom could have been cleaned a bit better so that there is no dirt at the corners, but in general I felt like ours was a…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or210-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",The worst hotel in my life,"The worst hotel in my life. Absolutely unfriendly, not client oriented, ill-mannered staff. Booked a room here via agoda. As a result lived 4 nights in a humid cellar without windows in another hotel. Found another hotel myself for next 3 nights because these guys offered me a place in the corridor!!! Please don't make my mistake and don't plan to live here. There are a lot of other hotels nearby.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or215-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great location,"A decent hotel situated within 5 minutes walk of Victoria Train station. Hotel was clean, room spacious (I had a family room with two dbl beds to myself) although could benefit from a little TLC (lick of paint). Heating didn't work although there was an electric heater. Could do with more storage space, especially if you need up staying a few days. No towel hook in the bathroom and no heating there meant it was quite cold.   Brand new plasma in the room but the remote was missing. When I queried with reception was told had been stolen by previous occupier!.  All in all you get what you pay for, main thing is its in a quiet location, its clean and that makes it top value. 24 hrs reception.   I would certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or215-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Good location, clean-ish, good value for money","Great location - walking distance from Victoria station, in an area with lots of restaurants. Hotel is down a quiet side street, but just round the corner from bars, shops etc.  I just needed somewhere to sleep for 2 nights, arriving late/leaving early. So I needed somewhere clean and cheap.  I paid £40 a night - although they charge £3 for using a credit card which most hotels don't, and don't mention it til you check in.  I had large room at the top (15) - had 2 double beds and a mini fridge, very large flat screen TV. You need to ask at reception for the remote control and for a hairdryer - no problem really, unless you can't be bothered to walk and up down 3 flights of stairs!. Radiator didn't work, but plug in heater worked very quickly. Room was absolutely fine, clean…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or215-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Get what you pay for!,"Stayed here while in London for the cup final and since we were down for a couple of nights on a budget we wanted somewhere cheap. It was £140 for 3 lads for saturday and sunday night so very good value, especially when its so close to victoria station. Thats about the only positives though, the room was tiny and dirty and you couldn't walk into the toilet without saying out loud ""it stinks in here!"" (there was a 24 hr shop round the corner that sold samosas for a pound which he warmed in his 'secret' microwave. Quality!",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or215-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Be Pragmatic!,"If you a realistic, down-to-earth individual and you just need to put your head down for a night, then the Chester Hotel is fine (just about!). I stayed in room 8 downstairs.  The bed itself was okay, but the room and bathroom were incredibly small. With the bed placed in the corner of the room, there was only about a metre's space around the bed! But it's important to be pragmatic.  I paid only £30 for the room for the night.  The room was mostly clean and the chap on reception did what he was there to do. So, if you're looking to book this hotel, adjust your expectation levels accordingly and you'll not be disappointed.  Expect too much and you could be in for a rude awakening!",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or215-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Would have been more enjoyable with a working en suite!,"The plus side of this hotel is the absolutely fantastic location. It is only a few minutes from the train station, the tube and the coach station and is literally round the corner from a great street of restaurants. We got a good price for a two night stay which was great as we wanted most of our money for shopping and eating! However.. Whilst the room was clean, it was so so tiny! Barely larger than the double bed and the en suite was practically a cupboard a couple of inches from the bed - not great if it was a romantic getaway you were after. The other reviewers are correct - the walls are very thin, so it will sound like you are sharing a hotel with a family of elephants everytime anyone else moves around. The first receptionist was indeed on the phone 24/7. He was on it…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or220-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Somewhat Lacking,"This Hotel is a few minutes walk from Victoria, and the Theaters.  However, the Hotel is somewhat lacking in facilities, and basic requirements for a paying guest to London.  The room I was in was in the basement. Down a flight of stairs, outside the building (there's a thin perspex roof, but this is all), nd in what I can only describe as an outhouse. In actual fact, I was directly underneath the pavement of the street above, and it was freezing. It resembled an old coalhouse, with the distinct archways and steps up and down inside.  It was freezing, and nothing would heat it up. A little Oil heater was provided, but of course, with a door that doesn't fit it's frame properly, this wasn't worth the electric it was using to power it. The lock was barely across, and I am sure it…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or220-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Bargain box room in great location,"I was on the final night of my London trip when I decided to check a popular hotel booking website for last minute deals to stay an extra night. I spotted this hotel's box room, for travellers on a budget advertised for a very low price. The room was exactly as advertised,a small room with basic facilities, but it was nicely decorated, clean and centrally located. It is on a quiet side street in Victoria, When I checked in, the staff were being very helpful with another customer giving tourist advice and directions. They were already aware of my booking despite it being made just half an hour previously via my smartphone, my keys and receipt were waiting for me..  I couldn't have asked for more for the price I paid. Some Hostels were charging more for a bed in a dormitory. …",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or220-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Avoid Like The Plague!!,"I wish i read the reviews before getting there.  Pros: Location, 2 minutes walk from Victoria train/underground station.  Cons: Paper thin walls with receptionists talking all night whilst having the TV on keeping us awake Dirty stained bed sheets Single bed with 2 small (hard) pillows next to each other to give effect of double bed 1 working plug socket Missing ceiling tile in bathroom No cold water Broken toilet seat + No toilet lid Missing light with no bulb Stained carpets Badly touched up repairs with expanding foam Cob webs from ceiling above bed  Felt really unsecured in the room, we couldn't get any sleep with the receptionists talking all night and ended up booking a different hotel at 7am because of all the issues.  Couldn't get money back with refund only available 3…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or220-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Close to Victoria,"It was located very near to Victoria, easy to find and not loud at all.  The bathroom was very small it was like a portaloo with a shower attachment inside, if your expecting luxury look for somewhere else   Pros- cheap, located in the centre of London, warm, quiet, clean, friendly staff  Cons- very small bathroom",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or220-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",reasonable about the price,"Friendly,small rooms only suitable for couples not for 2 persons,very near to victoria station,depend on your self if you need a cab,sainsbury and tesco markets are so close,it was suitable because i was solo but won't help with my family",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or225-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You can't expect much more for the price,"Yes, the rooms and bathrooms are small, and yes the bed is scarcely a double, but for £59 five minutes walk from Victoria station what do you expect? Everything was clean and functional, the bed was very comfortable, the chambermaid was a very pleasant and helpful Romanian girl; all in all good value for money. The only slightly odd thing is that we had to go down to reception to ask for a remote control for the TV remote control!",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or225-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Glad to have stayed there,"The hotel has a friendly and polite staff, like a family.The were always ready to help. The room, though a bit small, was clean and cosy. The hotel is quite well located, near Victoria Station, walking distance from all the areas in the city of London, with the underground, train or buses to get you to places such as Portobello Road Market, Oxford St., Harrods, etc.& You have supermarkets, chemists, all sort of food shops, etc.  We would recommend it. The price is just about right for the kind of hotel and its location. Yes, we would go back to it again.  Signed. Frank Machota, who stayed there from October 16th to October 23rd.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or225-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Chester Hotel, London, October 2012","Stayed with 3 friends. Average price, but decent sized room with ensuite. Very clean and the staff were helpful. Good location, as is only a 5 minute walk to train, underground and bus station, and a 15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. Would stay again and recommend to others.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or225-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great location,"Fair sized room with small ensuite. Tea and coffee making facilities. No hair dryer or iron in room as stated in the hotel description. Close to shops, pubs and restaurants. Tube station minutes walk away. Limited parking free from 6.30pm fri and all weekend.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or225-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Take care,Although I had to cancel my booking I would take care if you book this hotel . I booked through an agency and was told the hotel would take 1 nights cost and I would pay the rest on arrival(I had booked for 6 nights  . They took the full amount out the next day causing me to go over my credit card limit and causing me extra fees and extra interest . they have refunded the amount now they will not pay me extra for the extra costs I was incurred due to their mistake,Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or230-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great team and great value,This is one of the most useful hotels I have ever found in London.  They are a very friendly helful team with  outstanding central london value.  I have stayed twice and am going again tonight.  This is not a 5 star hotel but it is reassuringly clean and comfortable.  There are loads of good restaurants and pubs at the end of the road for supper or breakfast - the Brazilian steak house in particular - if you like meat!!  The 'box room' is great value for a last minute opportunity.  Well done Ali and the team.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or230-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",omfortable long stay,i came from italy i booked room in chester hotel just for two nights with booking .com but wen i came her i feel very comfortable and  i extend my stay to 12 more days helpfull and  very nice.room size was small but very good and done the job plus price is afordable.i love to stay again.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or230-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A diamond in the rough!,"The Chester Hotel in Pimlico is an excellent place to stay in Central London and is so much better than its competitors. I am a professional female, who has stayed in several hotels around Victoria overnight for work and, in my opinion, the Chester Hotel is the best. The hotel is in a great location, near to restaurants and supermarkets, but is a peaceful place to stay. It has a modern interior with chandeliers and funky GB door mats! The rooms are clean and comfortable with beautiful bathrooms. Plenty of hot water too. The reception staff are very friendly and have always provided an exceptional level of service. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. 10 out of 10! Five stars!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or230-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",When hotels go bad,"Sat in bed for the secong morning having been woke up before 8am by the reception staff who seem to b shouting outside our door! At first it seemed ok, but that goes as far as the paint on the outside, the bathroom was filthy with mould between tiles and pubes on the already broken toilrt seat and in drinkin cup. No remote, no wardrobe, no drawers! Bathroom floor crumbling and toilet seat is virtually nonexistent! 1 of 3 plug sockets worked. Staff were ignorant and unattentive, double bed is more like an extended single bed! Only half a loo roll in room and had to ask for more milk as we were given 1, even tho there.was 2 of us! Comfort inn round the corner should hav been our choice, less money for a better experience!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or230-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"I stayed here last weekend and it´s been the worst hotel experience ever. Staff were very rude, unfriendly and unpolite. We were waiting for our room for an hour (also you can´t leave the bags in reception, they make me leave them in a corridor) and we we arrived there, what did we find? A small and cramped room with a microscopic bathroom. No towels, no toiletries were given... Just some bleach, bathroom cleaner and an sponge (I got pictures about it). I went to reception to give the key because we were going to explore London and he didn´t even care about it... They were just talking in their language watching a TV programme and eating in front of customers!!! UNBELIEVABLE!! We were walking the whole day in London so we went back I was feeling so tired that I couldn´t be…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or235-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I don't often write bad reviews,"I would not recommend staying here unless it was at a very cheap price. The hotel is over-priced.   Cons: Over-priced, in very bad condition, run down, rude staff (I thought the other reviews were being fussy on this point), sewer gas backing up, and had a drunken man attempt to break down our door at 4am. I hate it when you stay in a place and it makes you feel dirty.  Pros: near the Victoria tube station. However, there are far nicer places to stay AT THE SAME PRICE nearby.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or235-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful hotel,Unbelievably bad hotel and very expensive. Tiny room with utterly disinterested receptionists who cannot speak English. You have to stand sideways to get in the shower which is in the bathroom which is in a cupboard off the shoebox bedroom. No plug in bathroom and TV remote did not work. Complimentary soap was half used and out back in box as if new. Just awful and embarassing to be advertised as a hotel in Britain. Do not go there,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or235-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good for travel to central London,"After 8 phone calls and a promise of 4 ring backs as person could not answer my queries, i managed to actually speak to someone!!!!! who was rude and blunt!!!! In a good area for travel to central London but, the room we stayed in was very small and the en suite camper van size??? The hotel was clean, but the staff could do with some lessons in manners, our electrics went off on Saturday afternoon and was told they would not call electrician until Monday???  this was obviously no good to us, suggested they look at the fuse box, which they did and electrics came back on, so perhaps more training is required in this area to??? I personally would not stay here again as for £90 a night there are much better places which do include breakfast, and another thing this hotel is…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or235-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",OK it's not the Ritz,Just got back from a 2 night stay. Got the booking on late rooms @£90 per night. My Trip was part business part leisure. So I wanted something which was suitable. Location-excellent Cleanliness - ok Staff - could do with a little more awareness. Manager was shaving behind the reception when I checked out. He said in an East European accent 'you checking out' I said 'yes' 'just leave the key mate' As I said it ain't the Ritz but it's alright,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or235-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Value for money and brill,I stayed here for two nights and loved it warm welcome very close to centre of london i stayed in room on pictures and to be honest i didn't go to london to see the back garden and there's plenty of places to get breakfast in london cheap will book here again :-),Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or240-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good base in Central London,"My partner and I stayed here for just one night. It is very central, which was the main reason we chose it. Upon arrival, we noticed the man and lady behind the reception desk giggling and saying something in their own language, which made us feel uncomfortable as we felt it was aimed at us. However, we ignored it and went to our room, which I must say was decorated well. The bed was very comfortable and having the coffee-making facilities there was also a nice touch. The bathroom is tiny, but as we were staying just one night it didn't bother us too much. For the price we paid £50 for a double through laterooms I am satisfied with the hotel and its convenient location. I just think staff should welcome guests more professionally.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or240-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Really not that bad,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here at the weekend and having read the reviews were slightly concerned. However it really isnt that bad, We stayed for 2 nights and didnt have any complaints. Check in was quick, room was clean. Room was small but  big enough for 2of us with shopping. Bathroom was clean- only slight fault was that the shawer wasnt that powerful. As a 23 & 25 year old this hotel is fine if you are looking for somewhere to dump your bags and explore London.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or240-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Convenient location, okay price, tiny room",I stayed here for one night in May 2012.  The receptionist was disinterested and didn't even bother to tell me what time breakfast was.  The room was the smallest hotel room I have ever encountered. The gap between the edge of the bed and the bathroom door was so small that it was impossible to even half open the bathroom door. I am quite slim but had to turn sideways to get into the bathroom. Anyone of a larger build would have struggled to get in and out.   The bedroom itself had no wardrobe or clothes storage facilities but consisted of a bed with about 2 feet of space on one side and at the foot of the bed.  The bathroom was adequate although the shower would have benefitted from some instructions as to how to control the temperature as none of the controls had any visible…,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or240-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",WARNING - DO NOT STAY,"Manager/Clerk went into our room, through our stuff, took the remote for the TV and lied about it. Manager (Mr. D. Aslam) gave false name and lied about giving us refund. We feared for our safety. DO NOT STAY THERE, the streets are safer",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or240-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Shocking,Maybe the rudest people I've ever met. Not helpfull at all. The bill of the room increased from time of booking to checking out day. When meant to be checking out at 11am I got a knock at the door at 9am. I was made to leave as the builders wanted to be in my room.. Truly shocking experience!,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or245-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",double room,"i stay in this hotel on 2nd of feburary room was very tidy,neat & clean decorated with 40 inch plasma LCD.helpful staff, the rooms are little small but it did the job.i came all the way from china very long 14 hours flight & i had a wonderful plus very comfortable sleep here in this hotel.i would like to stay here again",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or245-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Exceptional Customer Service,"This review is mainly for the customer service at Chester Hotel.  Unfortunately, I was unable to make my stay at their hotel for my trip to London due to some customs/tickets issues when travelling from France to the UK.  It was a Sunday morning and as soon as I found out I was not able to go, I called the Chester Hotel and spoke to Alli regarding a refund for my two booked nights.  As a courtesy, they were able to refund only one night (Monday) and charge me for the Sunday night reservation (since it was within a 3 day cancellation policy).  Alli said that he would speak to his Manager on Monday and see if they are able to refund Sunday night as well due to the special circumstance I had with my tickets.  Monday came, and I called again and spoke with Alli.  He remembered me…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or245-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"On the plus side: good location, good value for money, helpful staff, easy free parking right outside (evenings and weekends), effort had been made on the soft furnishings, and it was reasonably clean. On the minus side: bathroom had a nasty whiff of sewage, broken shower fitting meant you had to manually hold the shower over your head (or between your knees when you needed to use your hands to wash your hair etc), missing bits of ceiling coving and gaps in tiles, at carpet edges etc undermined the efforts that had been made with new curtains and bed linen. However I was only here for one night and it was very, very cheap (£30 for a small family room with 2 double beds, room no 4, apparently the best room, ). However, in future I think I would prefer to pay another £20 and get a…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or245-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",not even for a weekend,given family room and told no ceiling light so standard lamp supplied. Ceiling light had one bulb working. Fridge not working cos std lamp plugged in. en suite very cosy!!!!! Toilet seat broken and cracked so you couldn't sit on it. stairs had spindles missing so a child could easily fall through. had to ask for tea/ coffee and told only coffee available. step to bathroom broken off. won't stay again.,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or245-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Family room?,"After hanging around for a while waiting for the receptionist to locate our booking, he told us we are in a family room (rm 4).  Room is small, and holds 2 x double beds... so if you did have a family the brother and sister may have to sleep in the same bed.  Room is decorated ok  Shower is in such a way you have to crouch to get a shower, the wall fitting was non existent.  Good for a sleep... that is about it.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or250-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Warm,"Warmly welcome, homely atmosphere and a pleasant stay",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or250-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent location!!!,Rooms are at reasonable prices. Only stayed for a night to crash with my girlfriend. Near both train and bus stations; 2 min walk. You got lots of shops and takeaway restuarants near the hotel. Recommend,None,4.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or250-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",good value for money,i stay in buget room very small box room but very nice decorade plus neat and clean i will stay again in dis hotel again before i see reviews i was bit worried but hotel is totally different . i was very tired that night. but i got very good sleep in box room i recmond dis hotel only i have complain about ealry check out.,Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or250-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A good service at a low price..,I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights nd got a very good service.. Especially the people at the reception.. Hey ppl it was very good service at a low price.. I saw sum comments on the back garden.. I took some pics too.. I din see any rubbishh.. Cheerz..,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or250-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Recommended,"I did read the reviews for Chester Hotel before I booked and was a bit cautious but as I was on a budget and it was one of the cheapest hotels in Victoria available; so I decided to book. I was going to watch 'Wicked' with my sister in January and knowing how cold it is at the moment, we didn't want to be travelling too far to get back to a hotel and this was just perfect for the location.  PRO'S -Cheap, great price -Excellent location, great restaurants on the next street -Cosy, cute and beautifully decorated -Great, helpful service (80% of the time)/ Staff must be locals as they had great knowledge of the local area and were happy to share -Tea/coffee making facilities in room -Clean -Lovely en-suite room -Free Wifi -TV in room -Room was cleaned every day on request, new…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or255-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Fantasic City + Fantastic Hotel = Fantastic Holiday!,"Room - I stayed in a double bedroom, fairly spacious with good facitlities (Bathroom/toilet) as expected from a 3 star Hotel.  Cleanliness - I have been travelling around for the last few months and I must say, this is on the much better scale of a budget room. Bathroom was given an uplift and maintained well.  Staff - Friendly and happy to assist. First night I requested a change in pillow and was welcomed by a quick service.   All in all, good value for money in a very good location. Would stay again in future visits. Recommend!",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or255-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Very good value for money.,Very good service and felt very accommodated. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely recommend. ,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or255-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Disappointing, rude, un-attentive, un-trustworthy staff :o(   Good location.","I have never written a review before but i thought i would alert people to the disappointment that we felt on arrival of our first trip away together.  The location was fairly good but it pretty much stops there. The room was bright and not badly decorated but it was small and the bathroom was not a luxury tiled bathroom as advertised but a plastic cubical/pod that was ridiculous in size. The shower didnt work properly and was literally over the toilet and there was no toilet roll on arrival and no towels on the second night.  We are down to earth people and were quite happy with the room and also happy with the small details of the misleading pictures of the bathroom, we actually laughed it off given that we didnt pay a through the nose but it was the staff's attitudes that…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or255-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"I have never written a review here before however this hotel was terrible so I wanted to let people know. I would not say I am a particulary fussy person hotel wise, having spent a lot of time in youth hostels however, this hotel was not acceptable by anyone's standards. The first night I was in a ground floor room which I didn't think was acceptable as a female sole traveller. I had to go outside and tell the hotel staff to be quiet at midnight however the noise continued. As well as this, as my room was next too the front door there was continual noise throughout the night from the door as well as loud neighbours. On the second night I requested to be moved to another room. In this room the carpets were filthy and the toilet and shower were almost on top of each other.   The…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or255-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Fab box room - unbeatable price for London!,"I booked x1 night in The Chester Hotel's 'box room' (as advertised) for £20 - £23 with cc booking fee through late rooms - could not have asked for better for this price!  Clean & functional room, nicely decorated with a great location, friendly welcome. It is a bit noisy due to it being above the front door but not all night & not as bad as experienced in other similar rooms. The small flat screen TV didnt work (this was highlighted on the ad tho so no suprises!) & the heating was ridiculously hot - but they did eventually turn this off after requesting x3 times as you cant manually adjust the temperature in the room/on the radiator. There is a bathroom with a free standing claw footed bath, loads of hot water two floors down from the bedroom which is also where the loo is…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or260-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I don't recommend it,"We went there two times (oct and Dec 2010)  First time: We chose it because it was cheap and close to the train station. I read very bad comments on this website but decided to go. We arrived in the reception (strange room in the basement, we did not know if this was the reception or the staff's appartment.)  The room was very small, the bed too (maybe for one person and a half). It was not very very clean and some things should have been fixed. We didn't have hot water in the shower, so we decided to go to the shared bathroom downstairs. There was water everywhere on the floor, not very clean, but the water was a bit hotter.  Second time: We came to this hotel because I was not sure it was the same as the first time and I got a nice price on the internet. When we arrived, the…",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or260-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Great Value . good Location, and not a bad hotel","after reading all the comments i regretted bookin a room here.. but decided to stick with it as i was only goin to stay there for a night  NOT A BAD HOTEL, the Path to reception had mirror on the both sides, small but beauty fully decorated reception  again room a little small and similarly bathroom was d size of an aircraft toilet  Clean and Brilliantly decorated room with mirrors on the 3 sides,    Very helpful staff   Would recommend to others",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or260-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Poor service.....Tiny rooms,"Don't Don't Don't book a room at the chester.  Room was TINY , wasn't even a double bed. It was what I'd call a ""queen size"" bed (about 3/4 the size of a double) . As for the en-suite, well it looked like a shower room from a caravan. You can't eat or drink at the Chester...why it's called an Hotel is anyones guess. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE take note of the reviews on here about the Chester and  DON'T stay there.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or260-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN!!!,"I asked for double room but we got room for one person with small bed. Room (no. 3) was dirty, dirty sheets, cups and spoons. They don't throw away the used platic spoons but ""try"" to clean them. Claustrofobic bathroom. Everthing was drity and awful! I regret I did't read the opinion on this hotel before our stay. It was the worst hotel I have ever been! Please, pay more and stay in another hotel. Don't make a mistake!  The only advantages are free wi-fi and localisation (close to Victoria Station)",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or260-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Hotel from HELL!!,"Originally we booked a double en-suite room. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that the room we had booked had been damaged by the rain and the roof had caved in! The receptionist offered us a full refund, but as he knew it was last minute and we had no where else to go, this option was not applicable. We were then lead down to the basement to a tiny one person room (even though there were two of us staying there). The bed was small, the wall paper was falling off, and damp was everywhere. The floor was covered in black hair, like it hadn't been cleaned for weeks! The bathroom however was surprisingly clean and well kept, though the sink and shower both leaked. The tea and coffee facilities consisted of a kettle on the floor and two mugs. DO NOT STAY HERE! STAFF WERE…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or265-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",I would not stay here again if you paid me,Pros  It was cheap The guy on the desk was friendly Location was ok  Cons  -It was a basement room with no natural lighting except in the bathroom which had lots of natural lighting as there was no curtain  - It smelt - either from a lack of circulation or damp  - The walls were peeling plaster  - The plug socket was damaged  - The radiator was flaking rust  I've never felt more uncomfortable in a hotel in my life. I was up at the crack of dawn the next morning in order to leave the place as I couldn't/wouldn't stay another minute,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or265-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","tiny room, wonderful location","The room was super tiny, as was the bathroom, luckily I am short so it didn't affect me at all. It was in an amazing location, a few blocks from Victoria Station, 15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and a 20 minute walk to Parliament, Big Ben, London Eye, Westminster Abbey and Westminster Pier.  You needed a key to enter and it was clean and quiet. I would recommend the hotel for location alone. Very affordable compared to other hotels in the vicinity and the person at the front desk allowed me to check in several hours early.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or265-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Tired decor, weak service, but plenty going for it too.","I booked this hotel as a last minute bolthole during a weekend in London. I was charged £20 (plus £3 booking fee) for what was described as a ""box room"" - basically a small-ish room with single bed, sink, tea making facilities and a shared toilet/bathroom.   And I have to say, for £20 I found it exceptionally good value. I can see why other reviewers may have had problems with the hotel - the decor is tired and in desperate need of new carpets and a fresh lick of paint. The owner was friendly enough when I first arrived, but clearly more interested in the TV show he was watching than customer care. However, for £20 in central London, these complaints seem pretty minor!  The room was clean, bedsheets and towel clean, despite the grubby looking, worn carpet and markings on the…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or265-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Great Value for money, would definately stay again","Stayed here for 1 night to got to Wimbledon Tenis Championships. It was ideal for a stop over, no its not the Ritz but for the money it was great  . The room was clean and tidy and the bathroon was small but very modern. The rooms you can see are being modernised so to be fair to the hotel it is trying to improve the accomadation. There wasn't a hairdryer in the room and my friend said no piont in asking as they wont have one. I went to recption and hay hoo they gave me a very modern on great stuff . We always stay in a 4/5 star hotel but on this occasion just wanted something cheap and cheerful as we were only sleeping one night and wanted to keep the cost down. I would definately stay again  If there was one thing I would critise which is small was all the cups and suacers…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or265-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Awful !,"My boyfriend took me on a trip to London for my birthday, as I was not involved in the planning he chose this hotel and at £200 a night I was expecting it to be wonderful. However on arrival, the one member of staff avaliable was unhelpful and his first comment instead of a greeting was 'you need to pay for this evenings stay.' Very rude. Hoping the room would be much more accomodating, I was dissapointed further, it was tiny, had stains all over the carpet and looked as though it had never been cleaned or hoovered. The 'bathroom' had an unfinished step up leading into the room, which me and my partner tripped over on several occasions. It looked as though the owners had literally just bought the the property and had not finished renovating it. At 7.30 every morning, music would…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or270-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",The room were smelling like there are some dead rats,Very poor room cleaning the bath was so terrible no hot water the man at the reception looks like he ever clean himself. It's been 3 years from the reviews above he does not fix anything yet. These hotel most be out of trade.,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or270-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Poor as the service,"Very poor hotel and the service there was not any at all, the room paint its coming out of the wall and the room was a bathroom. Poor recommended.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or270-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Vile, disgusting, rude staff and the floor fell off!","Shown to our first room, which was supposedly a double but that was roughly 5ft wide, most of which the bed took up. To sleep in the bed we would have had to sleep on top of each other it was that small. The sheets, covers and coverlet were covered in stains...don't even want to know what they were. The curtains were also stained, as well as the bolster uggg. The cups in this room were filthy and a teaspoon was stuck to the bottom of one of them, nice. Tried to go to the loo, which I'm sorry, but unless you're a 3ft tall, 6 inch wide contortionist, I would defy any average sized person to wedge onto. The shower ""stall"" was filthy and so tiny you would have had to stand outside said stall to have your shower. When my friend stepped out of bathroom a bit of the floor fell off. If…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or270-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Rude staff,"Stayed there earlier this month after searching on the internet for cheap London hotels. Found this one offering a discounted price of £45 for one night, and after looking at pictures thought it looked like great value for money. Finding it was easy enough once I'd found directions, but it looked more like a B&B than a hotel. Was greeted by staff/owner at door who was sarcastic. We were shown to our room by a nice lady, but the room looked nothing like what was offered on the internet-turns out t seems all photos on here are deceiving. Room was tiny with a very small 'double' bed. The bedding was stained with brown marks which we can only hope was chocolate, and the bathroom was tiny. That being said, the shower was warm. There was no satellite TV as advertised. Was woken by a…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or270-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",It was absolutely pityful,"Absolutely disgusting. Soon as I walked in it stunk. The man at the reception was picking his nose and sticking his fingers right in his nose in front of me and then handed me the keys for the room. Was absolutely disgusted. Wanted to be sick. I went into the room and left after about an hour and stayed out all night, came back in the morning and got changed. I will never go back here again. PLEASE don't stay here... so nasty",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or275-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","AVOID!! Filthy, no hot water, rude staff, dirty sheets","This place is uttery vile. My room was tiny, had to walk sideways to walk round the bed, the floor was covered in hair and even had a dried out chunk of cucumber on it. The sheets and cover had what looked like semen on it. Staff were rude, I asked them to vacuum it but they didnt. No hot water in the evening, had to have cold shower. Stay away from this place!!",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or275-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Good value,"After reading some bad reviews I was worried about this hotel but to be honest its fine and good value for the price. I paid £39 for a single room. The actual room was small with modern decoration (poor finish) a bed which was either a 3/4 or a double, small tv and on-suite unit (like the one piece bathroom unites you get in university accommodation).  The location was perfect for me and for the price I can't complain (If your after luxury stay else where and pay for it), I will be staying again next month",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or275-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",BAD NEWS,"I booked a Quad for one night, Well mmmmm rooms looked ok, a little dirty. First problem if you want the quad or the triple be aware its 2 double beds in both a triple and the quads weird. Second problem you have to be 6 foot tall to turn tv over, Third Mouse trap with Poison in it.  I was with my Wife and my 12 year old son and my 2 year old daughter (Mouse Poison) in a room they know children are going to be in. Went to theater got kids into to bed son with me daughter with the wife, i was woke up to a loud dripping noise, as it was raining outside it started to rain  inside the room onto my wife and daughters bed,this was at 3.15am. I went to get the night porter who I found asleep on a mattress behind the reception desk, after the third attempt of waking him my sister who…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or275-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","The most awful hotel in London, this shouldn't be legally trading","This hotel is the most AWFUL experience ever, we saw there were some positive reviews and thought let's give it a try. It was a nightmare to find and then we checked in and on first impressions were getting slightly worried, we were given our room keys and the door to the room was so small we couldnt get both our luggage through it.   After squeezing in the room we were what can only be described as utterly disgusted!!! There were live wires hanging out the wall. The toilet which was as big as a portaloo, about a 30cm space to shower, smelt like a sewer. There were 2 mouldy cups on the side, mould on the carpets, the bed sheets had someone elses hair on it and was by no means clean and looked like it hadn't been cleaned for a while.   We couldn't stay at the hotel and shortly…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or275-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not that bad really,"I cannot understand all of the terrible reviews here, you get what you pay for, and it is a fantastic price for the location it is based in. Its not the best hotel I've ever stayed in and I wouldn't call it a hotel by any means, more of a lodging place but it is definately reasonable. The room's seem to have been renovated recently and yes they may be taking their time to complete every room but it is decent. the room i stayed in was a single en-suite, the conditions were not that bad and it was comfortable for a good noghts sleep and what more could you ask for. its not a place where you want to spend the rest of the day but a place to lie your head down at night is just perfect.  The service was good, not excellent, the owner was very polite and helpful and knew the area quite…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or280-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Room 16 - 'The Cell',"The hotel is a little difficult to find, it is located half way down a side road (Longmoore Street) a mile west from the City of London five minutes walk from Victoria Coach/Train Station. It has a lit sign sticking out from the front of the hotel.  The hotel is a Victorian terraced building located in a mixed residential/hotel street.  There is no kitchen or food facilities. There is a small kettle and cup in each room, one instant coffee packet and two tea bags provided (not replaced on the second night). Sainsbury's supermarket is a minutes walk around the corner (open until 11pm).  There is a pub across the street called 'The Prince of Wales'.  Access to the rooms is by Yale lock, you also get a key to the yale lock for the front door for 24 hour access. Reception and check…",Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or280-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",RAT INFESTED HOTEL - PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE,"Reasons not to stay:  1. Rats in the room, which the receptionist had no interest in 2. Room is like a steam room at night 3 Unable to sleep as receptionist watching TV very loudly at night 4.Rude and obnoxious staff 5.Light on constantly in the bathroom 6.Filthy rooms, dirty carpets and walls 7.Electrical maintenance taking place very loudly at 9.00am 8.Receptionist asleep while people outside ringing doorbell for 1/2 hr at 4.00am  THIS IS THE SINGLE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN. PAY MORE AND GO ELSEWHERE",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or280-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","disgusting and ugly ""HOTEL""","I have never been to so awful “hotel”. They gave me overgrown with mold room in pavement. With no windows! I felt like in a small, dirty, and damp cave. The photos on the website don’t reflect rooms’ condition at all! I’ll never go there again!",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or280-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Disgusting beyond belief,"Basement room 7 was simply the most disgusting room I have ever been booked into.  How the receptionist had the nerve to suggest anyone should pay to stay there is simply beyond belief.  The small double bed was pushed up against a damp/mould stained outside wall, the room was stuffy, stifling hot with the distinct smell of damp.  A tall mirror was balanced against another wall in a vain attempt to cover blown plaster pealing off the wall behind it from floor to ceiling.  The tea/coffee mugs and kettle were on the floor next to the bed.  I'm not fussy and I was tired and desperate to relax after a long day at work made worse by being greeted first by an ""empty"" reception desk for half an hour therefore kept waiting whilst the receptionist had taken it into his head to leave the…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or280-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",cheap but not recommandable hotel,most of what you read in nagative statements in the prior postings is true.  seems that this hotel is under renovation all year and they do room after room. we had a small room with a bed comfortable for one person and i had the impression that they simply want to make money.  although the rates are .. for london.. very cheap this hotel is just for someone who doenst stay long and doesnt care much of comfort and environment.  there are some nice restaurants in the area.,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or285-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Warning! Do not stay at this hotel.,"Warning! Do not stay at this hotel. Worst hotel ever! Smal,dirty,smelly room and bathroom. Unkind staff. The bathroom looks like the airplane lavatory. I am happy that I didnt get a skin disease in this hotel. Good location is not good enough reason to stay at this hotel. Public transportation is excellent in London and you can very quickly reach the city center and all attractions.",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or285-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Warning. Do not stay here.,"Ok you have been warned so stay at your own risk if you do wish to do so. I am still recovering. Let me start, well I arrived in London from Berkshire with my fiancé; he had brought last minute tickets to see Wicked in the weekend so we wanted a hotel close by. When I googled there were a few that came up but this was the only one with rooms available so I called and booked after checking out the website which by the way is a complete misguided view, but for the price i paid, well I was at least expecting something half decent. What did I get though; something entirely different. I won't waffle on, We stayed for 1 night but in that night I was moved to 3 different rooms, once woken up whilst we were sleeping as there had been a mistake and I should have been in another room.…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or285-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"Booked this last minute as I needed a crash for one night before an interview in London. Thought I was getting a cheap deal. i was WRONG!! I wouldn't stay here again if THEY paid ME!   It was filthy, absolutely filthy, I slept on top of the bed sheets in a bunch of jumpers because there were little black hairs in the bed.  There was no lock on the door and I felt very unsafe, lots of movement and noise outside my door so I put furniture up against it.  Still felt unsafe.  My room was right next to reception and it was VERY loud, especially at 2am when someone rang the door bel constantly then had a argument with the staff right outside my door.  The staff were horrible, very unfriendly, as though you being there was an inconvenience and annoyance to them!  As another reviewer…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or285-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Great location, awful service","Booked this hotel on the day as I needed a place to crash for one night and the guy on the phone who took my credit card details was very abrupt and didn't really have any manners.  Arrived - really good location, about 5 minutes good walk from Victoria with nice places along the way to drink and eat, as well as a Sainbury's.  The guy who checked me in was talking on the phone a bit in another language he gave me the key and receipt and had charged me £30 instead of the £27 advertised and said on the phone.  I questioned and said there was a £3 credit card charge which I wasn't told about.  He called the person who took the original call who agreed to refund and I paid £27 in cash.  The room was just a bed and table but I knew this - hence why it was so cheap and it did the job.…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or285-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",DO  NOT STAY AT CHESTER HOTEL,"I booked this hotel for one night to get a decent nights rest in London before an interview.  MISTAKE.  The hotel and room was filthy.  The staff (one guy) was rude and ignorant.  Some of the hotel was still a building sight of which I was not told when booking.  There was a smashed mirror in my room and the ""en suite"" was no bigger than a plane bathroom.  The show hung halfway over the toilet and its presure was so low it was barely on.  The was no hot water when I showered either.  Being a 21 year old Male, a decent nights sleep can usually be found on the floor of a mates living room.  At Chester hotel I could not sleep.  Be warned and think long and hard before booking.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or290-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A nice place to stay in London close to Victoria Station,"I was suprised to read the earlier negative comments about the hotel since I had a very pleasant stay here! I would definitely recommend this hotel to any couple/a few friends travelling together!  Me and my friend stayd at the Chester hotel for one night, after having the worst experience ever at another hotel close by the night before... We hadn't booked anything in advance but got a room right away. The room that we stayd in was newly renovated and was fresh, clean and with an own bathroom. The staff was helpful and nice. A big plus for the nice decorations in reception and in the room, cosy!",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or290-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Great for one night on your own,"I was back to UK from long 40 -hour coach trip ( bloody volcanic ash made me do this)and needed just a bed close to Victoria cos my train was for next morning from Victoria Station.....I paid 38 pounds and had no complains.....tiny and not very clean room, small shower,  but friendly staff speaking hindu or something like that....comfi bed though....and kettle next to it with tea bags and coffee...no complaints at all!",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or290-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester Hotel,"as I came was too early in the morning, they allow me to left my luggage. the hotel are very near to Victoria Station and Coach Station, there are plenty of restaurants, easy to buy stuffs \u0026 food ie Mark \u0026 Spenser, Sainsbury. But I hate the staircase and room are too small.",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or290-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!,"The worste hotel i've ever stayed in. The room was tiny and freezing cold and there was damp dripping off the walls and ceiling. Apart from all that, when i checked out the staff there accused me of having another person stay with me (which was not the case) and after i left they charged my card without my knowledge or authorisation an extra £50. As a young girl on my own i feel they took advantage of me and I am currently seeking compensation from them. Stay here at your own risk.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or290-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",A (fairly poor) place to put your head down and not much more,"Not a very nice place. Room v.small, decoration not finished (and looked like it had been that way for a while ) damp on walls, quite loud as it was in the basement and you could hear people walking above etc. Also, electricty trip switch went off about 10 times while i was there. Very annoying.  It was also a building site while i was there, they were doing some refurb work to the interior. Saying that, i'm not too fussy about luxuries etc so it was a roof over the head and did me for a couple of nights",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or295-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",STAY AWAY! BOOK AT YOUR OWN RISK!,"This hotel was horrible! The man (or men as there was several of them) that worked/owned the hotel were rude and mean, they all spoke to each other in a different language while you were in the same room and it was very unnerving.  I came with my young sister to go to the New Moon UK fan event that we had won tickets too and this hotel ruined the night for us. We were even too scared to return there after the event!   On arriving we were told our hotel room was not ready, this is when the guy in the smelly dark basement room (his office)  told us he would order a taxi for us, we then waited for our taxi outside and after 20 mins a normal car pulled up and said he would be picking us up! But before he drove off  he ran inside and talked to the owner of the hotel, it turned out it…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or295-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel,"Reception in dark and dingy basement. Wires exposed from sockets. Window would not shut. Sink was not attached to wall securely, and tap wobbled. Dirty bed linen, thin duvet, no blanket and was cold. Very uncomfortable bed, and no headboard. Carpet stained.  Rubbish dump for a back yard.  I did not have an en suite room, and the trek to bathroom was ridiculously long, and when I found it, it was dirty and smelly.  Construction work going on, and in places nothing between you and the disgusting yard on the second floor other than a piece of clear plastic, plus there are different floor levels where I tripped, no carpet, or frayed carpet, narrow and un even staircases, no fire exits.  They should be paying people to stay there, not the other way around.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or295-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Worst Place on the Planet,"My mother stayed in this hotel when she came to visit me in London. It's close to my flat, it was a last minute booking and unfortunately we picked this money-saving piece of garbage. There was heavy rain the day before and because of this my mother was put into a room with lights hanging from long wires from the cieling. We were told this would be fixed that night....two days later.....they had not fixed it and the hotel toilet, across from my mothers room, was taped off and the strong smell of sewage had leaked into her room. They finally moved her. She was also given a hair dryer that broke immediately after using once. This can't really be considered a hotel because it's more like a bed and breakfast without any breakfast. It's a renovated house that's old, smelly, and dark.…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or295-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Did it's job :),"We chose the Chester Hotel for it's location, as we were only staying one night, but needed somewhere inexpensive and close to the Tube.  Check in was quick, and we were given a room key and a front door key, as we would be out late, and told which floor our room was on.    The room was very basic, with a bed, TV and kettle, but clean, and we were given a free upgrade on check in, so we had an en-suite rather than a shared bathroom.  The taps and shower were not that great, but served their purpose, and bed was very comfy.    As the room was really just somewhere to change, shower and sleep after a night out DJing in town, we cannot really complain.    We checked out at 8.30am, but were not given any details regarding breakfast on check in.  When checking out we were told to…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or295-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Comfortable and Nicely Furnished,"I recently went to Chester Hotel in London and I was extremely worried about all the bad reviews it was getting by other people. However, when me and my cousin arrived, we were greeted nicely by the staff and shown to our room. When we got to the room, it was colourfully furnished and the beds were comfortable. The ensuite bathroom was a bit small but I didn't complain. It was perfect for our 3 days. I was a bit dissappointed that there was no breakfast in the morning, and if there was, we were not told were it was in the building. But all in all, it was a pleasent experience and it was nicely situated in Victoria.  Nice for a few days away with a few friends.",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or300-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Pay more to stay elsewhere nearby, seriously!","My wife & I stayed at the Chester due to the great location near Wicked and the Victoria line.  Don't make the same mistake unless you're just staying one night and don't need to shower.  There are plenty of other hotels in the area.  The rooms are newly painted, but they haven't been dusted in a while.  The chandeliers are turning gray because of the accumulated dust.  The toilet was cleaned daily and seemed sanitary.  The shower pressure was abysmal.  I could get more volume and pressure by pouring a bottle of water over myself.  It was slightly more than a drip.  The lock on the hollow-core door to the room was nearly detached.  It was only held on by 2 screws...not the most secure feeling.  When it rained, as it sometimes does in London, the ceiling began leaking over the TV…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or300-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Unpleasantly vile!,"We went down to London for a night to see a show on the West End and OMG did this hotel ruin it! Working in a Hotel myself I know what to expect from different types of hotels/sectors and i can honestly say this is not budget or B&B i wouldn't even class it as a hostel. Its more of a grumpy old mans house, who can't make rent, so has gone down to the local second hand shop picked up a few grotty sheets thrown them in a room and put a lock on the door!   We arrived at the hotel 2 hours before check-in and pressing the buzzer a man asks what we want, we reply checking in so he says ""go away your 2 hours early"" ..let that slide, asked if we could leave one bag AS IT SAID ON THE CONFIRMATION WE COULD, he said ""no room, come see for yourself"" so we go in to a cigarette stinking…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or300-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",The most disgusting hovel I've ever stepped foot in!,"I booked this room through laterooms.com at the last minute as a ""treat"" thinking that it would be a small, basic but clean b&b - just a bed for the night and a shower in the morning - how wrong I was!!  I was not prepared for what we were greeted with. This hovel is in a nasty backstreet - not the sort of place you feel safe walking around - in Victoria. When we got there, we went to ""reception"" which was a disgusting, smoky basement room and were given the keys to our room.   We stayed in our room for all of a 2 minutes and left straight away - it was awful!! We were not expecting much but honestly it was gross: holes in the ceiling with exposed wires, grotty bed sheets (I daren't even look at them properly let alone sleep on them), the paint was peeling off the wall, the…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or300-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Chester is adequate,Good location near Victoria Station. No breakfast although I found it through a B&B website. Couldn't get into the room early after flying all night. Room was ok.,Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or300-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",location location location,good location in victoria and not far from the station.  only stayed here to go central for the night and was happy for what little i paid (booked online) but they said they would doa good price if i srtayed agian.  wouldnt have stayed here if i read the reviews first but my room looked new so i guess i was lucky.,Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or305-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"DO NOT STAY HERE!  I have travelled extensively and this place was by far the worst hotel I have every stayed in - I was on a budget but this was not worth it. The staff were immensely unhelpful with absolutely no idea of how to speak to a customer. The hotel itself was shabby and poorly decorated. When I arrived, the hotel was in a state with duvets and sheets just lying in the hallway (clearly they were cleaning up) and this was all removed later on - still not a good start!   The 'reception' was a room in the basement where a man sat in a smoke filled and disgustingly messy room. My room was actually not badly decorated but was small. It was probably their best room and it was newly decorated (the only positive thing I have to say might I add). Even the shower and the…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or305-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"This hotel is terrible. I arrived to find a team of 'craftsmen' repainting the halls of the hotel and the rooms of the hotel. It was chaos. I was given a hideous room in the basement and when I complained they did give me a slightly better one higher up but it was still awful. This allowed a splendid view of the back yard (as seen in the photos on another review) which was full of junk. There seemed to be no Fire Escape signs or fire extinguishers.  Hideous shower, kettle with cups but no tea. I didn't stay and they wouldn't refund me. The staff where not as hostile as mentioned in other reviews and seemd quite friendly or just embarassed. Don't book this hotel and if you do, don't pay in advance as you won't get it back. Why are us poor visitors to London meant to feel grateful…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or305-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Health hazard,"This hotel was absolutely gruesome. The room itself was very small but that was understandable for a back street hotel in central London. However, the sheets were washed but still stained!! We decided to unbutton the duvet and remove the pillow case which left us in utter shock, both had patches of grey and various stains. The walls were damp and parts were peeling and the ensuite was equivalent of a porta-loo with a shower of course. We eventually got our room changed but the new one wasn't much better. Quite simply, if you are looking for a hotel in the right location and are not bothered about cleansiness or comfort then this is the place to be as it is right in the heart of London with many shops, restaurants and travel facilities nearby. But value for money???....never.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or305-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Decent Value for London,"We had booked another hotel (less expensive & it included bkfst), so our family of 4 adults only stayed here the one night they didn't have room for us at the other hotel.  The Quad room (two double beds) was a decent price for London, and was clean.  The bathroom was tiny, but none of us are tall or hefty!  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The young man even walked my husband around the corner to help him find the next hotel we were booked in for the next two nights.  A grocery and ATM were just a block or two away.  It was a good location for travelling throughout Zone 1 (central London) from Victoria vacation.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or305-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",not bad but!,not bad for the price if you looking for just basic . 2 nights was enough the bloody shower very tiny so if you size 18 plus you got no chance as you sit on toilet you fall in shower also dont b fooled by the vouchers for breakfast they charge you wich i found totally wrong as you pay xamount 4 room wid no facillity for breakfast i will not go again its true wat they say you pay 4 wat u get so next time i will go 4 somthing wich is cleaner and includes a good full englishx,Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or310-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Never Never Never Stay Here,"So funny how despite the rooms being clean etc , the hotel was let down by some of the worst staff I have ever encounter in UK and the World .  I booked a ensuite room and in the morning found no hot water in the room .  I ventured down to the caretaker and was greeted by a man in his underpants smoking a cigarette , I was told “ The fact I had no hot water was not his problem ! and I could use the communal bathroom “ . Words cannot say how disgusting this was the bathroom not being cleaned for months etc ... When I asked for breakfast --- again knocking on the caretakers door and again being greeted by the same man in underpants etc etc , I was given token to have breakfast when  I asked where it  was I was directed to a local kebab shop down the road – Again dirty and terrible…",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or310-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",repeat visitor,"This is my second visit to the Chester; I was there a couple of months ago. Since then, the refurbishment of the other side of the building was complete and I got one of the new rooms. This is an improvement on an experience that was already quite good. It was a very good weekend stay with the family although it was quite cold in London. Very comfortable, spacious rooms; we thoroughly enjoywd ir and we'll certainly come back.",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or310-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Dont even think about this place,"I booked to stay here and then read some horrendous reviews of it, when I arrived it really was as bad as the reviews and the foreign guy who opened the door to me ended up swearing at me as I left the premises cos I refused to stay there afterall. I really hope no one else is subjected to the appaulling experience I was subjected to.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or310-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not bad for the price,Good last minute price i got for coming in directly.  No frills but lively location.,Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or310-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Pleasant weekend in london,"I needed a place to stay for a weekend in Central London so did an internet search for a reasonable hotel. The Chester is definitely central, close to Victoria Station with excellent transport links to all the best places in London. There are lots of good restaurants and bars in the locality too. The hotel itself was comfortable, clean and newly refurbished with good size and well-equipped rooms; the staff was friendly and helpful. Overall an above average stays for the price – very good value for the money.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or315-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Possibly the worst hotel in London?,Absolutely filthy!  Stained bedding.   Dreadful view of a courtyard from bedroom window that was littered with rubbish and probably rat infested!  An en suite shower 1ft x 2ft max!!   A health & safety death trap!  An environmental health officers nightmare!  Avoid at all costs!  Places like this should not be allowed to continue operating with such poor standards as this in modern day Britain!  £59 a night and no breakfast!,Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or315-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Terrible service,"At £49 for a triple room in a key London location, we expected the grubby hotel and poor service (we weren't wrong either). The staff were very...strange. We arrived, were greeted by a handwritten sign on the door saying rooms were available. Eventually a man came and we told him we'd made a reservation (a month earlier) and he just stood there. He took us to the office, turned his back to us and stood there for 5 mins until my friend asked if there was a problem. He eventually told us 4 of the 11 rooms were overbooked. A lucky escape for us I think!",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or315-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Excellent weekend,"On the 12th of Jan, I took my girlfriend for a weekend break to London. We wanted to enjoy the usual tourist haunts so stayed at affordable accommodations in the West End; we booked at the Chester Hotel in Victoria.  The hotel is quite central, very close to Victoria Station, bus depot and underground, which was very convenient. There are a couple of very nice pubs minutes from the hotel – the Prince of Wales, the Marquis and the famous Camel. There are also many good restaurants that suited our budget on adjacent streets so there was little hardship in that respect.  We were shown a room on the first floor – it was spacious, clean and seemed newly painted and decorated. I include some pictures of the room and the local area! The staff was very polite and helpful so we had no…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or315-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Not as bad as you might think...,"I booked this hotel for me and my girlfriend via laterooms.com for £25 at 20:00 the same day after an xmas party.  I went knowing it was a 2 star hotel and expected a tiny room with a cramped bed and dodgy facilities and was happy to go home instead for 2 hours if it was as awful as previous reviewers suggest.  It is absolutely NOT the place for a romantic weekend away or anything like that, but if you are in need of a cheap and relatively quiet place to stay with somewhere to eat nearby, then you can do a lot worse.  It appears to be family run, and when I arrived I was greeted pleasantly and offered to check the room first to see if we liked it.  The staff seemed very friendly and polite and I had no problems.  The door handle was broken which alarmed me but the door locked…",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or315-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",hotel horrific- staff even worse,"I've used this website and others like it yet have never written a review myself. Yet this time, I feel compelled to, to stop some else getting competely ripped off.   I've read bad reviews before and sometimes think they are exaggerating or over-reacting to problems which shouldn't be an issue as you shouldn't be in your room that much anyway!! I've stayed in some pretty bad hostels as a backpacker and nothing compared to this. I can put up with a bad room/bathroom but not the way we were spoken to and treated.    it's not a hotel - it's a hovel, it's not aimed at tourists i swear - apart from mugs who discover it on the internet and who are none the wiser.    To cut a really long story short, my boyfriend had booked me a romantic trip to London for my birthday as a surprise.…",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or320-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Do not stay there.,"Well I have only just returned from that hostel believe me it should not be called a hotel. Now I realise that places to stay in London are not cheap but please this really does insult humanity. The room very small, and the cubicle that consisted of a toilet (didn't flush), and a shower/sink with no cold water just boiling water. The duvet had odd white stains on and the walls were brown with dirt. i can not understand how the owners do not hold they heads in shame. AVOID at all costs and pay a little extra somewhere else.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or320-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London",Oh my good lord!,"I stayed in this hotel (or should that be hovel?) for ten whole minutes. From the outside it looked fine and even the 'reception area' didn't put me off, but on getting into the room the first thing to hit me was the smell...   As if that wasn't bad enough, paint was bubbling off the walls which were covered in what looked like water marks and huge cracks, the doorframe was splintered and the whole place looked like it hadn't even seen a duster in months. If you've seen the movie Barton Fink you'll know exactly what I mean.   If you can call a broken kettle with no mugs, teabags or milk tea and coffee making facilities then I suppose it had those, but the only reason I stayed as long as I did was because I was frozen with shock! In the end I checked out in favour of sleeping on…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d675586-Reviews-or320-Chester_Hotel_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chester Hotel Victoria Reviews, London","Terrible, just terrible","Quite simply the worst hostel, oh I mean hotel I have ever stayed in. It stank, it was filthy, no facilities, everything was broken, the 'staff' had no clue about the booking, the door didn't lock, the ensuite was little more than a tiny cubicle. Apparently this cost the same as the Ibis. Christ. ",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
