,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or0-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fine!,"Stayed for three nights and had a reasonably good experience. I usually stay at The President hotel next door, same group, but this was cheaper for this trip. Same product. Perfectly  acceptable and still had breakfast at President Hotel due to renovation works. I'll stay here again. Straightforward basic accomodation that ticks the boxes for a trip to the big smoke. Not the most comfortable bed, rooms a bit overheated, but great location, handy for Tube and suited my needs just fine. Thank you!",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or0-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another good stay and would stay again,Stayed here on a Friday Night .  Drove to hotel and did not have to pay Congestion Charge as arrived London after 6pm and left after a meeting on Saturday.  Good Parking under hotel £19 for 24 hours.  Booked and paid for a single room but was given a very nice twin room with excellent views overlooking Russell Square.  En suite bathroom was separate to the en suite toilet which was nice.  Shower over bath.  Room spotlessly clean and well decorated.  Wi fi worked very well.  Rate of £101 included excellent cooked breakfast.  Staff all very pleasant and efficient.  Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or0-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needing badly to be renovated,"Good location and friendly staff. The rest is to be forgotten. Very old . Needing to be renovated. Rooms old, bed small, breakfast very avarage. Location very good near the underground station and the British Museum",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or0-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",No value for money,I am sorry to say but you do not get value for money.  I was there for work. The meeting room for conference was outdated with bad electricity for your lap top. The bed (one person room) was uncomfortable. Heating was fullblown without any controlfunction. Breakfast in the morning was terribly bad! I’ll never visit this hotel anymore,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or0-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok,"I stayed at this hotel for work on the 27th of January. The location of the hotel is good, close to the underground station and easy to find. Check in was swift and room was ready on time.  The room itself was pretty basic and in need of a refresh. As were the communal areas which were in desperate need of decorating and general maintenance. The bed was pretty hard, bed linen was clean but cheap and scratchy. The radiator was on full blast all night with no means to turn it down. I had to sleep with the window open and obviously as a result it was very noisy. So overall not the best sleep I’ve had.  The breakfast food was adequate. Everything there but just a general sense that it was quite poor quality. Evidenced further by the cheap unbranded tea bags and condiments which weren’t very nice.  The staff were all friendly and helpful. I didn’t eat in the restaurant but I did have a drink. Again the staff were really nice but the general surrounding not so.   In summary, if you want a cheap get away that’s close to everything then this hotel would fit the bill. If you like a comfy bed and a few nice touches then simply avoid as you’ll be disappointed. I wouldn’t stay here again personally as these things are important to me.…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or5-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London,"Hello,  I made my check in on 20 and check out on 24,of january 2020 my passport On the 23 th while going back to my room around 2Pm I notice that money was stolen from my wallet that  I keep in my room: 120$ ,10 € et 20 tunisian Dinar. I went down to reception and explained what happen they ask me to wait, I spend 03 hours on reception, I made the police report as requested (Metropolitan Police Reference Number: 2302401/20. )  from the security team what really made me angry with theservice. - the head of security spoke with me like I’m the wrong person that ha have  nothing to do with it  - I had to manage by myself the transportation and my last night Night in London without MONEY and no one ask if I need anything in a hotel where my money was stolon  My money was not given…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or5-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent 5 *,It’s the second time we have stayed at this hotel. Rooms are no frills but have everything you need. The breakfast is lovely. For us the staff that work there make the stay. I’d just like to especially mention the concierge team who advised us daily and the Night & Day bar staff also very helpful. ,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or5-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Really convenient area to see London from,"Only a 10 minute walk from Euston train station, 2 minutes walk from underground.  Quick check in and clean room. Breakfast was very good and access to a late night bar with snacks.  Good location for stays in London and walking distance to many attractions.  Enjoyed our stay. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or5-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","For the price on nye, it does the trick.","Room was in reasonable condition and the view of Russell Square was lovely but the single pane windows made for a chilly (despite the radiators being on) and noisy night.  The kettle had not seen a rinse in a long while and contained brown water so, I had to give it a good clean before using.  Previous occupants pubic hair in the bath along with mould on the tiles. The breakfast, while free was awful. I know buffet style usually aren't the best but this one just lacked majorly. It all had a general weird taste to it that lingered in the mouth for a while. The kids complained the milk tasted odd on their cereal and refused to eat it but I'm not one to taste test and confirm their opinion. Small improvements on simple cleaning would make a huge difference. I'd stay again but skip…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or5-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,"We had booked a double room as we have stayed before and they kindly upgraded us to an executive room which was fab, breakfast always has a great variety just no ,mushrooms which I like with my cooked breakfast (this did not spoil it though)",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or10-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas package 2019,"We booked for 9 (4 adults and 5 children). Great package. Excellent value for money. Food, entertainment, accomodation  and extra Christmas touches make this break one to remember. For us it was our third visit at Christmas.  This year we invited the rest of the family to join us. Adults and children had a fun time. A further added bonus was free parking. Made life much easier for transporting those pressies. Thank you to all at the Imoerial Hotels who worked hard across the festive period. We stayed in the Imperial. All 5 bedrooms had plenty of space and comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or10-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for the Money,"I have stayed at this hotel many times now, and it's always like visiting a favourite relative's house or putting on a favourite pair of slippers.  Sure the carpet in the halls is a bit tired, and the public areas could possibly be vacuumed a bit more often, but you know - I don't choose a hotel based on the carpet, and if you do you might not want to stay here.  Rooms are small (I stayed in a single room), but clean and well appointed. Good spacious bathroom and a shower/tub combination with good water pressure and HOT water.  Central heating can be controlled from the room, and double glazing kept the outside traffic noise to a minimum.  Buffet style full English breakfast, plus cereals, toast, and some Continental choices. The hotel is close to a lot of tourist attractions -…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or10-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY,"To put it nicely, this is probably the single worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Rooms were dirty and outdated. The view we had was of that of the bins. At around 7PM a party started downstairs, echoing through the hotel and waking my toddler up. We went and spoke to reception, the young girl we spoke to was extremely rude, eventually after a heated debate, she moved our room, only to a room where the noise was actually louder!! Anyway repeat the same debate and she moved us up to the top floor of the hotel, this time to a room where the heating was broke and the thermostat constantly stuck on 32 degrees!! Oh and you could still hear the music. Anyway 6 hours later, the music was still ongoing and my toddler still hadn't slept so we went back down to find the rude woman had…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or10-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",EK Board meeting,"Room tired with chipped furniture and hole in sheet. No instructions on how to turn on TV - there's a bedside switch which overrides the remote which seems a bit of unnecessary duplication - so missed the start of the election debate on 2 - in retrospect, maybe not a bad thing! Good breakfast and friendly staff - again, tired furniture and decor. Meeting room very cosy and quiet with good view of Hotel square complete with Christmas tree. Quite good value when all-day tea and coffee considered! Staff at reception and conference facility very friendly and efficient",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or10-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"We stayed in the Imperial hotel on Saturday 7th December. The room was clean and comfortable. We had lunch in the lounge bar and although we only had sandwiches they were fresh and tasty and the service was excellent. We had a very tasty full English breakfast the following morning before we left for home. This is the 3rd time we've stayed here and we've never been disappointed. A hotel that is very reasonably priced with excellent service. The only negative is the bar closes at 11pm, which I think is a tad too early. We will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or15-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"Arrived at the hotel and proceed to the car park, the entrance from the car park up into the hotel is like something from a derelict building, We actually nearly turned around and left.  Reception area was ok, the whole place feels very 1990’s in decor. Our room was overlooking the courtyard so not too noisy from traffic. Room was clean but functional. Bathroom was ok bath with over shower and oh my what a powerful shower it was. Nice towels (decent size bath towels) we were given a twin room and the beds were very low, hard and rather small singles. Pillows were like bricks. I used the atrium bar as my husband was at a corporate evening. The staff here Liam Tom Jordan & Lili were lovely. Breakfast was a let down as although a good selection everything I had on my plate was…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or15-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, really outdated rooms.","The location of this hotel is great, and the reception area and entrance are fine. The rooms are quite outdated  though, it’s a great place to crash at but not where you’d go to spend time relaxing in the room. The stool in the room was broken, the beds were rather hard and you couldn’t alter the temperature of the room. The phone didn’t work at all so you couldn’t call reception. The windows were only single glazed so you could hear everything from outside. The curtains didn’t cover the window properly.  It was clean though and good enough ti sleep in.  The housekeeping staff were very loud shouting all down the corridor to each other. The day staff seemed very friendly, however, the night staff weren’t that friendly and were sitting on their phones at reception.  There was a…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or15-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Attitude,"We arrived and the place looked nice considering it wasn’t the hotel we booked, we got placed here because the last hotel we was told it was over booked even though we had a confirmed booking, we got to the room and found that there was 2 single beds and you couldn’t push together, so we when down and explain and see if we could have a double room, we was met with the worse attitude that I had encountered she may as well of said f*#k off, and if you want to complain then take it up with who you booked it with I’m doing nothing because we can’t guarantee a double room because we only have 67 rooms.. apart from that the god was good, it just was a very good start to my girlfriends 21 birthday weekend, was not happy and the lady that I spoke to should be removed because this can’t…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or15-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but run down away from the foyer,"The hotel has a pleasant arrival's area and the reception staff were good, allowing me to check in early.  The room itself was run down and needs attention but that was not a surprise given previous reviews.  The TV worked, the shower was powerful but the bed was on wheels so moved every time you sat on it.  I needed an iron/board but had to walk to the six floor to use the one in the house keeping room. Breakfast was a little bit of carnage owing to the number of customers queuing outside but this was a Sunday morning at peak time.  The breakfast was adequate but nothing more.  The main benefit of the hotel is its fantastic location.  The price was reasonable but i would not pay any more for it.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or15-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial Group, wrong Hotel","I was booked into the wrong hotel, i had booked the IMPERIAL HOTEL however when i arrived i was told i was booked into another hotel within the Imperial group, Th National... this is not what i had booked. i had by this staged parked my car within the Imperial Hotel.. The national was just to busy and nosy as it appeared there were some functions going on, this is not what i expected... breakfast was very rushed and again overcrowded ... the breakfast was a bit basic and not that great to be honest.  Staff were very good and helpful ",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or20-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful ,It really upsetting to see hotel like this  trade in a very outdated mentality. Come here for a course for a whole week and lunch had been provided . The hotel looks very outdated and the staff are not trained to deal with incompetency. Some of us were vegetarian in the group and food being labelled as veggie not being veggie . This should not happen at all .How can you not accommodate for vegetarians  and bring the wrong food out labelled veggies is unprofessional unacceptable .Feed back to my company who booked such an unprofessional hotel . ,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or20-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Old, Decrepit and Cold","The hotel has a very old feel to it, and not in an endearing and quaint sense. Carpets along the hallway and entrance are ratty and spotty. Decorations are dated. Even the reception area appears like a scene from the 70s.  The room I stayed in is my biggest complaint. It was COLD! The old radiator heater did not seem to work. The insulation of the windows was clearly ineffective as the cold from the outside radiated inside the room. It could not even block out the noise from the street. You could hear each vehicle passing by, and it was horrible when ambulances and police cars with their sirens blazing passed by.  I complained about the room temperature to the reception twice. Hotel staff told me that the room temperature was the way it is and they cannot do anything about it.…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or20-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent hideout in the center of London,The Imperial hotel is in an excellent location near the Russel square park and underground station.  The British Museum is at a walking distance with restaurants for Asian and continental food.  The staff are courteous and very helpful.  ,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or20-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London Hotel - Imperial Hotel Russell Square,"Lovely central hotel, lovely buffet breakfast & rooms clean & spacious and well presented. Reception desk helpful & staff friendly. Would recommend we only stayed for one night and didn’t drink in the bar or eat anything but breakfast in the hotel. Close to underground stop and shops, coffee shops, food. We walked back from our night out in soho.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or20-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Lovely hotel, clean & tidy room, nice breakfast two very small issues, reception on TV in room wasn't great and no mushrooms at the breakfast which i personally missed. Good location for getting into the West End, city or Theatre Land",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or25-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A very good dinner,Dined in a private room with about 20 friends. Service was very good as was the quality and quantity of the food. Would certainly recommend it to others for a similar function. Menu was selected prior to the evening and included lamb shanks and sweet trolly selection.,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or25-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2nd stay at a lovely hotel,"This is our second stay at this hotel. When you find a good one you stay with it. Staff are friendly and helpful, hotel is immaculately clean, beds are comfy and breakfast is lovely. What more do you need",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or25-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,"Only stayed the one night but found it very good, it was booked through a travel company for us, so we didn't know what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was situated near the underground. We had nice big rooms lovely big bathroom, both very clean. Staff were very helpful & pleasant, breakfast was exelent. Will defiantly stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or25-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Easy for a Quick Stay!,"We are a family of 4 with two teenagers travelling from Australia, we stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 1 night, we chose this establishment as it was an easy walk from Euston Station where we had caught the train in from Manchester and also the Russell Square tube line which took us to Heathrow Airport, the location and ease of services is fantastic, everything is close by, the staff were helpful and the concierge service is great!  We had a family room, consisting of a double and two single beds, the room was big enough for all of us, 1 night was suffice however and if we stayed longer I would have booked a second room, the room was also quite warm, once windows were opened it released the stuffiness but the noise from traffic etc was constant.  The breakfast included was a…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or25-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needing much TLC,"This hotel needs an update, rips in hallway carpets, kettles in room not working, left 1 tea bag every day, 1 coffee and 2 sachets of milk. Looks shabby Bar is nice, the pub toilets always blocked and always running out of bar food on an evening. I don't usually complain about much but this hotel wasn't cheap and certainly not worth the cost. ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or30-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,"Good hotel for access to the theatres and oxford street, is about a 20 min walk, rooms look a bit dated but are clean, toilet and shower/ bath were separate! Breakfast was really good with a good choice of cereals,fruit,pastries and full english. The only problem was a lack of plug sockets, but you can unplug the tv if you need to!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or30-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best but okay ,"But definitely not worth it’s price. We’ve got a free upgrade to an executive room do to an overbooking in their other hotel but still it’s too expensive (as almost everything in London) for what you get. Old fashioned but clean. Daily new sheets and towels. Great breakfast buffet but mostly very unfriendly staff at the breakfast. On the other hand the cleaning staff, the front desk and the porters are very helpful ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or30-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",GCJ62,I think I reviewed this hotel c.4 to 5 years ago and remarked on its excellent location and competitive prices but marked it down on the quality of the rooms.I heard or was told it was getting refurbished.Sadly this has not been the case.Our room was basic to say the least.The wallpaper was torn and marked.The paintwork was marked and worn completely away in places.The beds were very low and basic.The shower head holder was broken and wouldn’t keep the head in one place so you just had to hold  it all the time.The TV has a basic 6/7 channels.For us not a particular problem but in this day and age you expect more.About the only thing that seemed ok was the carpet.  There is a large bar area which also serves light refreshments and you can go through to the neighbouring hotel (all…,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or30-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial hotel, Russell Square  London","Great location buses outside and underground 2 blocks away to get anywhere in London.  Hop on Hop off buses stop at front of hotel.  Plenty to do in hotel but all sovereign shops are at the front also takeway meals from numerous outlets in close proximity to hotel, in main street Spacious park across roadway Russell Square with birdlife and animal life. Spacious and clean rooms, staff friendly and knowledgable Porters great and couldnt do enough for us.  Meals and breakfast are 1st class.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or30-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and well priced,"Good hotel in central London, decor a bit tired, but everything you need. Good price for central London. Even the bar prices were reasonable. Good view from the 8th floor. Staff were friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or35-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but Worn and Dated,"We ended up at the Imperial as part of a package. The booking agent wouldn’t allow an upgrade. It was fine for our two night stay, but I would not have wanted to stay more than two nights at the Imperial. It’s located in a very central area of London in Bloomsbury and right on Russell Park. There are lots of restaurants in the area. The British Museum is just a few blocks away. It’s a very walkable area for someone capable. I walked to Fleet Street and Pancras Station from the hotel.   The hotel lobby is fine and the staff were friendly and helpful. Halls were narrow as were the very worn out room doors. Our standard room felt small. It was reasonably clean. The bathroom was split between a toilet in one room and the sink and tub/shower in a separate room. The two doors were…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or35-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Robbed from our hotel room - all luggage zippers were broken,padlocks taken!!Entry in our room was made with master key!",This was my worst experience in hotel with regards to security measures. On the second night of our stay we went to a musical and locked excess money in our locked luggage since the rooms had no safe. There is also no access control to lifts leading to rooms. On our return we found our three luggages with destroyed zippers  and no locks left. All the money we left in the luggage so as not to take too much money to the musical in the west end was taken. Nothing else was taken. We had 2 laptops and i phone locked in our luggage but these were not taken. It was a very terrible experience to happen in a holiday especially because our daughter was with us and she was quite affected and scared by the experience. Thankfully we had our credit cards and some other cash so we could find…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or35-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but Convenient,"Stayed here two nights when in London. Was easy access to the tube which was a plus. Hotel is large, but decor is very tired and in need of updating. No sheers for the massive windows so it was be in a fishbowl (everyone in other rooms could look in) or be in a dark room with the drapes drawn.   Bed was ok. Not plush at all. No electricity to charge phones by bed. Have to be across the room. Room itself was large. TV small by today’s standards.   Breakfast-seated quickly. Waited quite a while for beverages. Meal itself was buffet. Nothing great but included in price of room. Rates for room were decent for an expensive city. Got what I paid for. Nothing special but met our needs for this trip.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or35-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location and helpful staff,"Rooms are ok, although could use a bit of refurbishment. Breakfast buffet is full English breakfast with baked beans, sausage, bacon, eggs, cheese, ham, tomatoes, croissant, OJ and apple juice. The staff are so hard working – the breakfast manager was running around doing a million different tasks and making sure everyone was seated and served – he should be commended. TV had about 15 channels including: USA, USIC, BBC, itv, itv2, itv4, 5, retv (Spanish), ral, and a few others. TV is a bit small to see.  Can hear some noise from road, but not too bad on 7th floor. Is central to Bloomsbury and British Museum is about 5 minutes walk. Toilet is in a different little room than the sink and tub. Have little bath gel and shampoo plastic tubes. A pleasant stay.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or35-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Conventient Location but Ordinary,"I had read reviews that the hotel location was convenient but the hotel itself was dated. My experience corrobarated this assessment of the hotel. The check in was smooth, but the staff member was businesslike with little warmth. The room was small, as I had read in the reviews. We realized pretty soon that the room had no ventilation. The windows could not be opened, there was no air-conditioning and the bathroom did not have a fan. We stayed for 5 nights, and by night 3, the bathroom was smelling a bit musty. The twin beds were small, not the most comfortable but were OK. The breakfast was, day after day the same. The staff, in general, were not the most welcoming, and many seemed to exude the feeling that they would rather be elsewhere than in their duty in the hotel. On day…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or40-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Well located hotel, with good breakfast and spacious room.","We booked a double room for a 5 night stay and were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to an executive room, which had oodles of room, very large bathroom and small sitting area. Breakfast and the first nights dinner was included in our package, so ensure you ask about these extras when booking. Breakfast was really good, buffet style in large airy room. Location was great, a 3-4 minute walk to Russell Square tube or 8 minutes to Holborn, both of which are on the Piccadilly line to Heathrow airport. The room was clean and spacious and the only incongruity was the tiny sized television, which was too small to see properly from the bed!",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or40-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The longer the better,"I often visit London in the summer season and stay at Imperial Hotel. I stay for a few days before and after visiting other places in the U.K. This time I stayed for a week. They gave me a wonderful room; though I selected the same type of room as susal, but luckily I had a larger-looking one with quiet environment (on 8th floor). The hotel locates near British Library, British Museum, and King's College London -- a very academic atmosphere. It is near both Russell Square underground station and Kings Cross railway station. There breakfast is so helpful that I can survive for the whole day. When coming back in the evening, I can pay a visit to the Atrium, where I enjoy a light meal and a tea of good taste and with moderate price. I am thinking of staying a week or so again next…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or40-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Hotel good location ,"From the front the hotel looks old and run down but as you go round to the entrance courtyard at the back it looks much more inviting. The public areas are modern and clean, they have water stations at reception which is a nice touch. I like the fact you can book triple and single rooms here which was perfect for us as were were travelling as a group of friends and some of the older of the party wanted their own room and some of us were happy to share. The room was a little dated but comfortable enough. The toilet was separate to the shower room which is great in a shared room. The beds were comfortable and there was tea and coffee facilities in the rooms. Breakfast was lovely, a nice selection of items hot and cold available.  Decent hotel for an overnight stay and in a great…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or40-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Won’t recommend it to a dog!,Problems with the hotel  My room was given away when I checked in at 20past 3 the room I booked for meant to have a sofa bed and a double bed and sea view as it said on booking.com  I was put in a small boxed room with no sea view window bearly open and slanted roof couldn’t stand properly.  I went to complain about this problem and the receptionist said my room what I booked for was given away to early comers on a first come and first serve basis.  But she was happy to move me into a different room with sea view but still no sofa and the towels had stains on it and it was very small once again  So I made another complaint to the same receptionist on the same night and she said come in the morning and I will give the the room you booked for. The following day  Now the room I…,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or40-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Booked a double, was given a twin!!","Mattress on single bed terrible as sank in the middle. No fan in the bathroom so mirror was constantly ""steamed up"" when having a shower.  Lighting poor. Breakfast average without any fresh fruit and tea and coffee from an urn.  Not freshly made individually.  Not really value for money, even at London prices.  Only bonus was good location for walking.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or45-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"The Imperial Hotel, located at Russell Square in London is perfectly suited to major London attractions such as the British Museum. While it hasn't been renovated recently, the room is spacious and pleasant. The breakfast offering is ok but could use some fresh fruit.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or45-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty dump never again!!!,"This hotel was dated beyond, it was like something from the 70’s the room was disgusting dirty, dated, mouldy and stank I would never ever recommend this hotel we left a day early even though it was already paid as I couldn’t stick the filth any longer there was mould in the dirty bathroom the toilet smelt of urine and the bedroom units were dirty from previous customers and the throw and cushion on the bed had remnants of other peoples bodily fluids, the cleaner knocked our door and woke us at 8.24am and before we got to the door he barged on in which was very invasive, the noise of people leaving the casino late on was disturbing.  I did complain to the hotel and they just brushed over the important facts twice making feeble excuses and denying the filth so I feel it is…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or45-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Like stepping back in time ,"If you are happy with staying in a hotel that's not been upgraded since the 60's then this is the hotel for you, its clean and staff are ok, and bed is ok but you will need ear plugs if noisy roads will disturb you. It is a budget stay and if you want anything more than a place yo sleep then this hotel is no good for you, however it is central located and tube station is literally down the road very close by. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or45-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful experience,"Not somewhere I would ever suggest anyone stays.   Before I stayed it took me 3 phone calls to different people to find out if they had room service and I ended up speaking to the duty manager to find this information out. The 'hotel' car park is not run by the hotel, is dark and actually quite scary to go into on your own at night. We checked in and walked along dated corridors to find a dirty plate outside our room.  We stayed the evening of a televised football match and found the room had a 19"" television (so no comfortable viewing) but worse than that, guests have to have physic powers as no one, or no signs etc. tell you that although the television has a remote and a plug, to add an extra level of irritation there is a hidden 'power' switch between two light switches on…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or45-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Clean Rooms and Friendly staff,"We visited this hotel for the first time and were not disappointed, it may only be a three star but the facilities seemed more. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was a decent size, clean  and well laid out, the bathroom had a walk in shower as we had advised the staff my husband uses a mobility scooter although we did not ask for this they gave it to us. The breakfast the next morning was not the usual ""bun fight"", it was well laid out and again the staff were helpful Will use this hotel again",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or50-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed with the flag ship hotel,"Fortunately, we were only here for one night. I don't want to be too negative as it served the purpose of our visit. The plus points are that it is nicely located, it doesn't break the bank and has on-site parking at very reasonable fees. However, the place is dated, very tired looking and the staff seemed conspicuously uninvolved with the guests. We found them polite when asked questions but they only appeared to want to do the very minimum required in return.  The room was clean and tidy but there is no AC so if you want cool air or ventilation you have to suffer the noise from the road down below. There was also no safe which again in this day and age is rather poor. The corridors were very dated and I did think to myself on a couple of occasions it was like staying in a…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or50-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reliable/Good Value/Secure Parking,We regularly use the Imperial Russell Square for visits to nearby hospitals. 24 hours secure parking for £19. £126 for twin room which includes an excellent full English breakfast. Family rooms available for 3-4 if required. Polite attentive service. Booking with free cancellation up to 11am day before booking. Staff were efficient and helpful when a recent booking had to be changed at short notice. Lovely views over Russell Square. Great local shops and restaurants. Old fashioned in a nice way but good WiFi and 24 hour room service.,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or50-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",friendly welcoming staff,"We stayed for two nights 11th and 12th July 2019 and were pleased with our choice.  The staff welcomed us as if we were old friends and the porters were the most helpful we've met in any London Hotel we have stayed in previously - especially Renato. It's position is ideal for all the sights and the theatres (we were there to see 'Only Fools and Horses Theatre Royal, Haymarket which was brilliant by the way).  We ate on the Bar's terrace overlooking Russell Square and enjoyed a lovely snack lunch from the snack bar before departing for our train back to Yorkshire.  Our room was lovely and away from the road noise so we were able have our windows open all night in the heat without any disturbance.  Very good bathroom. The maid attended daily and again was smiley and friendly when…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or50-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",stay at the Imperial Hotel,"Loved the location of the hotel - it was close to the Underground and walking distance to many of the places I wanted to visit, such as the British Museum. The breakfast was and added bonus. Would recommend to friends and family.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or50-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It did the job.,"July 2019 for 2 nights. For value, the hotel did the job, staff were all very pleasant and courteous, the hotel is dated, tired, our room was clean and tidy, overlooked Russell Sq, we were on the 2nd floor and it was noisy to be honest, from the constant traffic, but we expected that. The location was ideal to get around London on the underground. Nice pubs around off the main road,(Great Ormond Street area) where we ate. Would we go back? yes we would but it wouldn't be our 1st choice. Ask for rooms on the upper floors (8,9,10) if overlooking the park , the rooms at the back would I think be a lot quieter.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or55-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t expect good sleep unless new windows are installed,This hotel is a real mixed bag but for the price I suppose that’s what you get. Decor downstairs and in bar is lovely - kitsch movie vibe meets Art Deco. However the accommodation corridors are terrifyingly reminiscent of the shining!! Rooms however are quite pleasant in terms of decor. Would help if I could watch the tv without squinting at the fuzzy tiny image!  Windows are dreadful so it’s like sleeping outside in terms of the noise from busy Russell Square. Don’t even think of booking this hotel without exceptional ear plugs! If it’s summer time ask for a fan- my room must have been 30+ C and that’s when I had left the windows open several hours! It was impossible to sleep and after unsuccessfully asking for a room switch I considered sleeping in the bath as it would put…,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or55-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"Barellas looks great in the photos but in reality the seats look really dirty, as in just ground in grime. Bar wasn't open upstairs so had to go downstairs. Barman there makes you wait until he has finished the cleaning job he is doing......then makes your cocktail, does the comedy cocktail shake dance then leaves half the cocktail in the shaker because the glass isn't big enough. Now fine if that was fresh orange juice or water and the entire content is the same but not when you've paid for a certain amount of alcohol and by the law of averages you won't have received it because he doesn't pour it all out. If you're having a cocktail just tell him to pour it all in one glass, stir it, and pop the ice in at the end!",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or55-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money in a central location,"I stayed at the Imperial hotel for 2 nights in July 2019. I have given it 4 stars as for the price, given it's central  London location it offers great value for money and I would happily stay here again. I was able to check into my room at 9am which was unexpected but very handy. This is a budget hotel so the corridors are a bit dingy and some areas look tired. However my room on the 9th floor was a good size, very clean, TV, kettle, shower over bath, trouser press. Beds were comfortable and I had an amazing views across Russell square and the British museum. It's worth noting that there isn't any air conditioning and the window for obvious reasons does not open very wide. It was pretty warm given it's July and with the window open the traffic is noisy. However, with a good…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or55-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",FA Cup Weekend,Stayed here with my brother in law and nephew when we go to Wembley. The rooms are dated and there is no ensuite but it is cheap and cheerful and close to everything. Breakfast was surprisingly very good,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or55-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial hotel london,"Stayed in this hotel for one night while visiting London, we were glad it wasn’t any longer! The room was very dated and unclean/dusty and the bedding looked about 50 years old. The toilet and shower/sink were in different rooms which was strange and inconvenient. There was a lot of noise late into the night from cars and people on the street below. In the morning, we were getting ready to check out and our door was knocked 3 times (starting at 8am!) by the cleaner, who should have known we were checking out that day and cleaned the room afterwards. The location however is very good and the reception staff were friendly. I understand London is expensive but I felt we were overcharged for a below average stay. ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or60-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"We had an executive room on the 3rd floor over looking the entrance.  It was large, fairly clean and everything worked, but it was seriously in need of attention;  £161 per night was a fair price.  A serious drawback was the noise of people and cars leaving the casino up to 02.00 AM. The hotel is dragged down by its catering.  Catering is on an industrial scale akin to a 1950’s holiday camp.  The breakfast restaurant is large, but the tables are as close together as possible;  on morning one the food was tolerable, but on day two it was cold and disappointing.   The complementary dinner was similar mass catering, based on a self-service carvery with overcooked and undercooked roast potatoes but with single ladle of vegetables.  The puddings were good. We would go again because…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or60-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel London,"Hotel is central. 15/20 minute walk to Oxford Street and Covent garden. Staff is very helpful. Breakfast was good but had no fruit or sweets on display. Room was ok but expected it better, Very small tv and very very small bathroom. I would still recommend the hotel and will most probably stay there again if a better room was allocated.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or60-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central hotel ,"Second time at this hotel 4 of us for a long weekend, hotel is clean, ideally located for getting around London. The hotel bar is good not over priced and a nice bonus when we checked in given 10% voucher off for each couple for the bar. Asked for early check in no problem even upgraded rooms which was a nice surprise. The rooms are warm and clean plenty of space for luggage etc. Staff are very helpful and friendly would recommend this hotel. Park just over the road lovely for a stroll and the cafe is good. ",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or60-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideally situated,"We always stay here when we visit London and although it is a little dated it is in an ideal location and despite it’s size is friendly and welcoming. We usually have a room overlooking the courtyard as they are quieter but this time had a room on the 8th floor overlooking Russell Square. Although noisier the views are worth it. Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean. Although the hotel would benefit from an upgrade with air conditioning it represents great value for money. It is handy for the West End, Oxford St, British Museum and Euston station. Breakfast is a self service buffet with waiter service for tea and coffee. There is no shortage of well cooked food.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or60-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money given it's location and facilities,"I was here with my wife in the week of her birthday. We planned a few days away and were looking for a hotel that was close to transport for getting around.   The hotel itself is part of a group of hotels around the Bloomsbury district. I booked as part of a package deal which meant we got the first night evening meal free from a next door hotel. The building looked to be of the 1970s vintage of modernism. The front rooms face Russell Square with a good view of a small green park area. However, if you choose a room with a view then the main road is not far away so light sleepers will be disturbed by the noise. The quieter rooms are at the back.  The space in the room was good and the TV small. Many hotels have embraced the high definition cable world but this hotel hasn't. It…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or65-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and good value,"This hotel is in an excellent location, within walking distance of Covent Garden (15 mins), Theatres (15 mins), British Museum (2 mins), Tottenham Court Road (10 mins) and 2 mins from Russell Square tube station. 10 minutes from Euston Station. We had a very spacious triple room with three single beds and loads of room. Bathroom and toilet are in different sides of the room so we kept the bathroom door open to save having to be opening the handle after using the loo. Room very clean and well cleaned daily. Room and bathroom were obviously recently upgraded as very good standard of decor. Excellent breakfast - hot buffet and cereal, toast, tea, coffee, juice etc. No air conditioning but the windows both opened enough to keep the room cool. Plenty of lifts and very little wait…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or65-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean room. Shower worked. Floppy bacon.,"I needed somewhere to stay after I worked late.  The rooms have electricity and the sheets were clean. Water comes out the taps.  The staff were all very pleasant. Luxury this is not, but for a quick crash pad late at night you could do worse.  To shower you control the taps and try to find the balance between freezing and scalding yourself.  The lack of a thermostat makes this quite dangerous for children or the elderly.  There was no double glazing so the hum of air con units kept me awake 9 floors up.  Breakfast is a very basic buffet of hot foods and few mini croissants. The bacon needs a few more minutes under the grill, the sausages a few less.  Breakfast chef need to learn how to unfold bacon and cook it flat to avoid the congealed lumps in the serving trays.   There are…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or65-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Stayed in this hotel a couple of times find it very convenient by Russell Square. The rooms are basic very clean and comfortable for the price. Good selection for cooked breakfast not much of a continental breakfast. Reception staff and concierge are really friendly and helpful. Not like the miserable unhelpful grumpy man in resturant.selection for dinner good just a shame lamb was that tough you couldn't chew or cut it. 3 of us  couldn't eat the lamb when we mentioned it to waiter he just took the plates away. The hotel is close to Euston, the tube easy walking to Covent Garden Oxford St.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or65-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired and worn,You get what pay for they say and we did. Great location but in much need of a transformation. We were out all day so only got back late to shower and change. Clean enough but very tired and in need of modernisation. Reception staff were lovely and welcoming. I asked should I book for evening meal (part of the deal) they said no. However when we went the matre de was rude and refused us entry said the reception staff were liars.......how unprofessional.......the reception staff had a word and we were allowed inalbeit on a table set for break fast. I wish we hadn’t bothered the meal was disgusting most of us having lamb off the carvery .....it was tough as old boots....everyone left it. No one ask why......they weren’t bothered. On day of leaving we thought we would take…,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or65-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Football,Stop here the room was not very nice and not very clean windows broken morning breakfast rubbish all cheap meat it was disgusting would not give a dog that’s all I need to say I will not be back there,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or70-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent Budget Option ,"I spent 2 nights at the Imperial last week. Its not the sort of hotel that I'd usually chose to stay in, but was booked in by my company, and in general it was perfectly acceptable. The reception staff are all friendly and efficient, and the public areas are clean and well decorated. My 7th floor room was small but clean, with just enough storage space and a small desk. The bed was comfortable although the room was rather hot. The ensuite was quite old fashioned, and the shower pressure wasn't great. The atrium bar was quite pleasant, with nice staff and reasonably priced drinks. There's also a 'pub' on the ground floor which I wasn't keen on, and the food was awful! Breakfast isn't bad, with a decent range of items on offer. Location wise, the Imperial is very good- a couple of…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or70-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired Hotel,I have just returned from the Imperial Hotel London The hotel is tired and needing an upgrade  But my only real complaint is that the single beds are far too small I’m only 5ft but nearly fell out of bed twice too narrow  However that aside the hotel is clean and maid service is great staff ok on reception never really had much interaction with them I would return to this hotel again but maybe ask for a double bed rather than 2 singles,Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or70-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ticks the Boxes,"Comfortable stay at the Imperial. Room was large by London standards, was clean, well maintained and had a nice bed and bathroom. Breakfast was adequate, not a large choice, but had the basics and the hot buffet was tasty. Tube stations were a five and eight minute walk in either direction. Two night stay included dinner in a sister hotel nearby. For value, location and standard it was an good choice.  ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or70-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",one night,"Once again booked solely on price and location, which fulfilled both. Only a single room but was clean and spacious. Bed was comfortable and has ensuite bathroom. The view wasn`t particuarly appetizing. Breakfast was included, the usual buffet style.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or70-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid worst hotel we’ve ever stayed in!,"Arrived for a weekend with my husband. Upon check in was told we had a twin room, showed booking confirmation which confirmed double but was told no doubles available! First time ever staying in a twin with my husband.  Arrived to room 812 opened door to see that it had not been cleaned and that there were other people’s belongings in the room. Immediately left and and waiting again for the lift, went to reception to be told it should be clean!  Receptionist phoned housekeeping then gave us another room key 522.  Upon arrival to the new room we opened the door and went back into the 1940-1950’s! Awful decor, old single glazed noisy & breezy cold windows, twin beds & 20” TV on the wall.  Went back down to reception, asked to speak to manager. Given contact details, emailed but…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or75-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Meh,"The Imperial is one of 4 hotels in the chain on the same road and are generally of the same standard. It's big reasonably/consistently priced and has a generally good location. For my needs anyway. I'm compelled to write a review. The coffee and tea are hot and wet. The breakfast is plentiful. The rooms have a bed a shower/bath a mirror with a haircut drier and are serviced.  Every room I've stayed in has its own personality. The shower might Shoot in the right direction in the main with all holes or some of the holes.  It's probably what I'm not saying in this review your interested in.  Hey people work here is not my job critique the workforce. And hey if you critique about how the bacon isn't unfolded before it's cooked giving you a slice of gammon rather than a rasher, or…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or75-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",1950's bathroom. Dated. Cold breakfast,"We stayed here overnight, the cost was the same as Central London hotels but I've never experienced one quite as bad as the Imperial. The hotel is dated and needs refurbishment, our room looked like it had been decorated in the 1940's. Our twin room had two tiny single beds with rock hard pillows. No secondary glazing, so very loud road noise and windows filthy. The underside of the window sill (internal) was hanging off.   The toilet was in a separate room from the bathroom and sink.... trying not to imagine how many people have used that room without being able to wash their hands. The bathroom had a shower curtain that wrapped around when having a wash. The shower worked off the hot taps and it was a nightmare trying to get the temperature right without scalding or freezing…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or75-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid - stay elsewhere ,"Stayed for one night and quite frankly everything was a constant downhill decline when I checked in. Given the wrong room, called up reception to move and said that’s all they have. Room was dirty and clearly wasn’t cleaned properly with hair, dust, stains on the bed, towels and pillows. Shower head leaking and inconsistent temperature of water and pressure. You could feel every spring in the bed. No double glazing so kept me awake all night, especially motorbikes and sirens and horns from cars. Big queue to be seated for breakfast as one person was checking people in. Breakfast was limited to greasy under or cooked meat and eggs.   All in all, a complete dive of a hotel that either needs significant investment or turn into a ymca/homeless shelter. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or75-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location :great value,"I recently spent the Easter weekend in London. Altogether I spent 2 nights at this hotel. My room was clean, comfortable and offered a spectacular view of the London skyline. The staff were friendly, courteous and very helpful. The hotel overlooks the beautiful Russell Square and the tube station is a 5 min walk away. I would recommend this hotel for both its very reasonable rates and excellent staff, My only quibble was that my room was exceptionally hot but there was a spring heatwave and beyond the control of the hotel. Will come back",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or75-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel.Great location. Excellent customer service.,"After just returning from a weekend break at The Imperial Hotel , I felt I must comment on  how much we enjoyed the whole experience staying at your hotel. Immediately we arrived and reported to reception the staff were so obliging and helpful. The young man on the main reception as he checked us in (Friday 12th April) ensured us that that we were all located close to each other which was very reassuring for the 2 ladies in single rooms. The rooms were spotlessly clean, lovely white towels, complimentary toiletries and hurrah a hairdryer that actually dried your hair rather than just blow it around your head. The location overlooking Russell Sq was delightful and Covent Garden 10 minutes walk away, local shops alongside the hotel providing anything additional you may need. We…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or80-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent meals over many months,The meal served in the Conference rooms in the evening are superb and the sweet trolley has so much good choice that you may wonder why you bothered with the earlier courses despite them being excellent.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or80-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not recomended,"I found it to be old and obsolete. The room was small and simple, but clean. Not comfortable bed and the view was internal, you could see the almost destroyed roof of the casino. Basic breakfast, no fruits (for which you need to present a peace of cardboard), I asked for an adapter and they asked for a deposit (cash only), which then I needed to get from a different office, not reception. Finally I asked to leave my luggage for a few hours and they charge this service (cash only). Not a satisfactory experience.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or80-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel but standards have slipped!,"We stayed for two nights at the Imperial and have now stayed several times before. I have to say that this has to be the worst visit yet. Firstly...We were offered the free three course dinner and although really nice it was let down by one of the servers not wearing the right Chef's outfit, he was wearing a sleveless over jacket that looked like he had just cleaned out all the waste bins, we did make a comment to one of the waiters but not sure if this was rectified. I hope so, because it didn't look very professional and it let the meal down! Secondly...Someone on the floor that we stayed on was smoking marijuana and could not only be smelt all along the corridor and lift area, it also stunk our room out too. ( I always thought that smoking was banned in Hotels!) I do feel…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or80-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another great stay,"The imperial hotel in Russell square is a very comfortable, friendly hotel. This is the 4th time we have stopped there. The hotel overlooks the square and is close to the tube. Very clean with a good selection at breakfast. We will certainly return.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or80-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One Night Stay,"So the Imperial was recommended by a friend, stayed one night in an executive room, which had plenty of space, the bed was very comfortable, the rooms were clean and the shower was the most powerful ever!  The buffet breakfast was good and tasty.  Will I return, definitely ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or85-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",3 star hotel ,Nice hotel and very nice staff . The room is . very simple and  very old  furniture. But the room is clean . European breakfast is also very simple we preferred to eat  out side.  Some of resteraunt and  bars very close . And of course the underground station is very close.casino is  the next building.  It worth the price if you don’t look For loxory hotel,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or85-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Charity Ball,We attended a charity ball last night. The 3 course meal was delicious. The best I've had at a large event. Only issue was menu was apple crumble and custard however it only came with a small blob of ice cream and we were told they don't have custard as stated. Apart from this was excellent ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or85-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Expect the unexpected.  Service could be improved.,"Was part of a package.  Well situated and well priced.  At breakfast bit on a large penny sized button in berry compote.  Management insisted it must have fallen off a guest's garment and dismissed what could have been a choking incident.  Despite hanging 'do not disturb' on door, male cleaner entered anyway when I was indisposed!",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or85-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",convenient but basic,"Room was clean with a good bed, but only basic facilities. Bathroom was also clean, but very basic and in real need of an upgrade. The hotel has a very good central location, and is conveniently close to the tube station.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or85-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and good value for money....,"I stayed in this hotel few times as I have found it very convenient and good value for money. Easy to find, metro station near by. Clean bedroom, small but clean bathroom. Nice and delicious breakfast. I would like to have an option yogurt there but it is not end of the world.  ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or90-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel is central and good bfast,Hotel is ok. Well situated and reception staff and very friendly. Was a big pity that UBER taxis ripped me and my mother . Such thieves and to get through to a person is utterly disgusting and their staff are rude and trained to rob people. Big pity Thumbs up for imperial hotel . Use their contacts for taxis ,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or90-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, basic rooms. Good breakfast",This place is in need of an upgrade. Bathroom and rooms are dated although functional. The saving grace is the breakfast. Good full English or base Continental if that's to your liking. Waiters could be more attentive as I was always having to catch their eye for a tea refill. Too much choice in London so not again for me.,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or90-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friends Get together,"Four old school friends, we met up in London. Just stayed one night bed and breakfast. Rooms comfy and quiet considering central London. Good location to get from Kings Cross and most attractions. Had nice breakfast. Good value for money. Booked through Superbreaks.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or90-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location with good transport links,"I had stayed at the Imperial over 10 years ago and my memory of that occasion was that it was a pretty basic hotel with a fairly unappetizing breakfast.  When I discovered a good deal for a weekend break however, I decided to give it another go as the location is very good close to Russell Square underground station.  I’m very pleased that I did.  My room on the 7th floor was clean and bright. The breakfasts have improved and now include croissants, pain au chocolat and pain aux raisins.  For those who like a cooked breakfast, but don’t eat meat, some grilled mushrooms would be a welcome addition.  On the same floor as the breakfast room is a quiet lounge with views across to Russell Square gardens – a nice place to enjoy a coffee.  I will certainly stay again.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or90-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Unhelpful reception staff,"I called this hotel and was put through to staff on the reception. I tried to explain to them that my dad was staying there and I would like to pay for a room upgrade if possible and pay for a bottle of wine as well. The girl on reception made no attempt to try and understand what I wanted to do and kept shouting the room rate for a single room down the phone at me. I explained that there was already a room booked, but that this was the first night in 4 years my dad has left my mum because he is her carer and that I wanted to try and make it a bit nicer for him. She cut me off before I’d finished to say what did I want in a very rude way. I tried to explain again and she just shouted the room rate for a single room again so I had to give up in the end. I was very upset because I…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or95-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Top service.,"When I arrived it was 8am, and I was aware that check in was 2pm.  I'd just arrived on a 23 hour flight from Australia. I went to the hotel to drop my bag off before going exploring, and was greeted by a lovely man at reception who advised that my room was ready, and he allowed me to check in early. 10/10 in my books 👍 The retro style of the hotel is nice. And doesn't detract from the stay. The rooms are clean and comfortable. A lovely basic style of accommodation, which was all I required.  Bag check is cheap. 50p per day per bag. Meaning I could leave a bag between stays.  Friendly staff and housekeeping. Amazing effort from all the team.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or95-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Brilliantly situated hotel for lots of attractions and easy walking distance of station. Lovely breakfast and a free room upgrade. Would definitely stay there again. Also made use of the luggage store after check out which made our day so much easier,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or95-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friends celebrating,Four ladies stayed here for 3 nights  Our rooms were spacious and well equipped  Fresh towels everyday  There was a separate toilet from the bathroom but no handbasin in the toilet Superb breakfast  Excellent location  A comfortable lounge with evening entertainment,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or95-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel has a very good location, near the British Museum and 15 minutes walk to Oxford street. Underground station and bus stop were on the same street.  Hotel itself was a bit tired, lobby was ok, but rooms and corridors were tired. But we had everything we needed. I knew the fact that London is a city that's way I'm not complaining about noise.  They serve British breakfast, which was quite ok. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or95-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but friendly,"This hotel is one of a large group that caters for travellers and families. We have visited the hotel on a regular basis for a number of years, nothing has changed over time. It is a large hotel which would benefit from some upgrades to the bedrooms now, otherwise it provides a good base for a few nights if sightseeing in London.  The staff are friendly and helpful and do their best for customers.  There is a main restaurant which is a large breakfast room with a buffet service, the food is basic but there is a reasonable variety of hot food available. For me I would like to have seen some fruit on the buffet. There is a large sitting area with a bar to relax in after a long day of walking around the city.  Overall it is most suited to travellers on a budget.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy Room,"We stayed in room 818. The room howled through the night with loud whistling noises similar to a group of infants learning the Recorder.it was unacceptable. we did complain at the desk and was told that 'They knew,  The chairs in the dining room are dirty.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",More than happy ,"Stayed here as part of a super break deal with my daughter in two single rooms . Arrived at Kings Cross just after 11am so we decided to head to the hotel to see if it would be possible to leave our bags at reception whilst we went shopping, only one stop on the tube . We were greeted by a lovely friendly receptionist called Natheenia, (apologies if I’ve misspelled the name) .  She happily told us that both our rooms were ready and so we checked in .  I emailed the hotel a few weeks ago and requested that we were next door to each other facing the courtyard and that’s exactly what we got .  The single rooms were perfect size , although my daughters radiator was on constant and mine didn’t work ?  The location is perfect , the nearest tube station is Russell Square 2 mins walk…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and that’s about it ,Stayed here for 3 nights with my granddaughter who is 8 .. I don’t think I’ve ever left a rubbish review I try and find the positives .. the 2 positives about this hotel are the location.. literally 2-3 minutes walk from the tube. And the other is the reception staff who were helpful and cheery.   The negatives .. outdated .. freezing cold and I mean freezing the curtains were blowing as the windows let that much draft in .. the quilts were thin and the blankets looked like something from a war museum with holes on and material that makes you cringe .. very small room and very basic.. The breakfast was ok if you got toast.. the waiters stood around and I never even got asked if I wanted tea or coffee .. we tables were so close together I felt like I was sat on the next person…,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",How do you like your eggs in the morning?? .. Cooked at least??,"Wow where do I start, I am usually all about positive feedback as I don’t think we praise as much as we criticise. However in this case I’m finding it extremely difficult to find the positives.   Firstly, after you have been to the toilet we are taught to wash our hands (well I hope we all are), so the thought of having to touch 3 door handles in order to get to the sink is just vile. The thought of how much bacteria must be on the door handles knocked me sick.  This was in the twin rooms with small single beds, where the toilet room is separate from the shower and wash basin.  At this point I did ask to move rooms to a double, as all the bathroom facilities were in one room.  In fact one positive was the lady on reception, she couldn’t have been anymore helpful. She checked the…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!!,"Small beds and rooms, indifferent staff, racist chef, limited meal options ( especially breakfast), some of the meeting rooms are right next to guest rooms hence it can get noisy. The positive aspect is the location",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location plus at a good price.,"My friend and I stayed here for a total of almost 3 weeks overall on 3 separate occasions Between the dates of December 11, 2018 and 16.1.2019.  The Imperial delivers on location in spades. Yes, it could do with an update, but the rooms and beds were comfortable and the staff were amazing.  The porters in particular went above and beyond to assist us - and one of them is an Aussie!  Phil, head night porter, cannot receive enough praise from us - but all of them were wonderful at assisting with bookings, directions, transport connections.  Breakfast was included and is quite substantial. We found it more than adequate to fuel our days, but some fresh fruit would have been a nice added extra.   We booked for the Christmas package and were not disappointed.  It is great value and…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and cold,"Great location, friendly staff, good view over Russell Square, but the hotel felt tired (room, bathroom). My room was freezing cold even with the radiator on due to poor window insulation so I spent the night with my coat over my bed. I was working at the desk in the evening and morning and had to wear my coat. The breakfast had no healthier options (fruit etc.) - it all felt a bit 1980s. I won’t be returning. ",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel ,"The hotel is nice, it’s clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The reception area is very nice and has some soft seating for guests.  The room was clean, tidy and reasonably comfortable. We stayed in a twin room, (626) it was quite basic and the old metal windows were cold and dirty looking. The TV was tiny, if you are not doing anything other than sleep in the room then it would be fine but if you were staying over a period where you’d spend more time in the room then it would be useless have this in mind depending on your trip/use of the room.  On a plus side there was a separate toilet and bathroom. Cupboard space, extra pillow and a wardrobe. Tea and coffee making facilities were also in the room.  We had breakfast and both thought it wasn’t great. The bacon and…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pros and Cons,"Stayed here for one night as we were seeing a show. The location is great, easy access to quite a few Underground stations. The pros: as already mentioned, the location was ideal for our needs, reception area was clean and tidy and the Atrium cafe/bar was clean, tidy and the staff were great. The breakfast was excellent!   The cons: I think we were very unlucky with our room. I’m not usually a complainer but our room had mould under the windows and a tv that didn’t work very well at all, harsh lighting, two plug points in total and we were right next to the workers lift shaft which rattled its way through the day from very very early in the morning. The staff at breakfast are assigned to individual parts of the restaurant and ours actually tutted when he learnt one of us wanted…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed for Winter Wonderland ,"We stayed as a group of 4 over 2 rooms. Rooms were spacious and clean yet needed updating. Had a view over Russell park which was nice, bit of road noise.  Location was ideal not far to Oxford street. Breakfast was lovely and alot to choose from.  Let us check in early which was good and held our bags on the last day so we didn't have to carry them around.  All in all Fab stay for the money. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",comfortable and relaxing,great location for theatreland. lovely clean and spacious room with good facilities. cheerful  and helpful staff throughout hotel. breakfast plentiful and lots of different choices. quiet at night and well lit outside.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, affordable, non-shared accommodation in a perfect location!","Recently stayed at the Imperial (and also the President, just around the corner, same company) and loved it. First, this was the only hotel where I could get a single room with private in-room bathroom and shower for a great price (smaller hotels nearby all had shared bathrooms for a similar or higher price). Second, a full English breakfast buffet was included (although the restaurant had line-ups every morning). Third, I asked for a room with a view of Russell Square and got it - thanks to another review that suggested this - and it was lovely. The location is just perfect - walking distance to most attractions and next to the metro (Picadilly line goes straight to/from Heathrow). Also, staff are courteous and accommodating, the lobby is very nice, with a piano bar where they…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quick visit,"Booked this hotel online with Trip.com. Was very easy and fairly reasonable.  Parking was easy and I felt rest assured that the car was safe. The hotel reception was bright, clean and friendly staff greeted us. The room was adequate for our needs and the location was perfect to find and to get around. Photo is view from room",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas break,We have spent Christmas breaks at this hotel for several years and always enjoyed our stay.However this year was very disappointed with the attitude of some of the restaurant staff. I felt that they were disorganised and rude.The quality and choice of foods had also gone downhill.However we still enjoyed the stay at this hotel as the Christmas package does offer good value.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing visit,"we Have stayed at this hotel on many occassions  over the years but not for some time. The rooms and decor are very dated and tired.   During our two night stay, staff entered our room twice without knocking - once on day of arrival and again on day of departure at 10.00 (checkout is at 11.00).   The Street rooms are noisy due to the volume of traffic and the single glazed windows do nothing to quieten the sound of sirens, etc. But there is a lovely view over Russel Gardens. From experience, the rooms at the rear of the hotel are generally quieter but be prepared to be woken by delivery vehicles.   The room had two single beds. Shower is powerful with plenty hot water but you need to fight with the shower curtain as it sticks to you when showering. The extractor in the separate…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant stay,"Arrived on Saturday around 3pm, easy check in then up to room looking over Russel square. Lovely room with all facilities needed. Down to the bar with friends, excellent bar prices and really good service. Off to the show in the night, back around midnight and bar open with again excellent service and good prices for a London hotel. Breakfast excellent with plenty of choice. Out for the day in London, back to hotel to change then out for a birthday meal. Back late and straight to bed. Another’s good breakfast, check out smooth.excellent hotel, cracking location  Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Eleventh stay at this hotel but sadly going a bit downhill,"We first stayed here in 2010 for a Christmas shopping weekend and have been every Christmas plus a few extra times since.   Location wise it can’t be faulted, very close the Russell Square tube station and parking directly under the hotel.   Over the years though it has started to look a little tired and one or two standards have definitely started to slip.  We had an Executive room on the fourth floor and stayed for three nights from 14th to 17th December.  Check in was quick and efficient on the Friday when we arrived about 3.30  Although we overlooked the courtyard, it was extremely noisy on the first two nights with very loud music booming away from somewhere until the early hours. The room was supposed to be an Executive room but felt like some general maintenance was…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again!!!,"Spent one night at this hotel in December, I will not make that mistake again. The hotel itself is in a brilliant location but that's the only reason to stay.  Our room was a double on the second floor, I don't think it has been modernized since the hotel was built. The decor is very dated. The windows are single glazed and form nothing like a good seal meaning the room is freezing and the curtains move in the breeze when the window is closed. Also because of this you can hear everything from outside, loud music at night until gone midnight, sirens, EVERYTHING!  The TV was ancient and fuzzy reception on every channel. The bathroom had a moldy roof due to the extractor not working, the shower itself was powerful but the horrible shower curtain either sticks to you or floods the…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The worst,"This is the worst hotel I’ve ever slept in.  It felt like I was sleeping on spikes, the shower kept changing between hot and cold and even tho I stayed on the 8th floor I could hear everything from downstairs.   And this is supposed to be a hotel with 3 stars?????   ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,"This place was a total mixed bag. We got a good deal of around £250 for 2 nights including breakfast, so my expectations weren't great. The location is excellent! We walked down to covent garden and Soho each day with ease. Simple to get to from Marylebone and Euston too. First impressions at reception was also that it seemed lovely. Very smart. From here it dipped.  We'd booked a double room via a travel booking site and also mentioned that it was our anniversary. The room was a good size, bathroom was clean and modern, but we were provided by 2 single beds. The TV was also on the far side of the room and tiny. When I called reception and mentioned we'd booked a double room we were told we'd already been provided with an upgrade and that agency's can't specify single or double…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice quiet hotel,The hotel is really nice. Located 4 min from Russell square underground station and 20 min on foot from Piccadilly Circus. Everything is clean and tidy. The staff is kind and nice. The hotel has its own bar and restaurant. The prices are great and not high at all.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Make up your own mind ,"My husband and I stayed for a long weekend as part of a theatre break. I was a bit sceptical after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. The staff at check in were very polite and helpful.  Our room was a nice modern room overlooking the courtyard so it was nice and quiet, as for been cold, we had to open a window as it was so warm.  As part of the deal, we had dinner on our first night, you get a choice of 3 different restaurant (not in hotel) and we chose to go next door to their sister hotel for a 3 course roast meal. Again I had read some bad reviews but we found it to be very good, a nice selection of starters then a choice of beef, lamb, chicken or salmon followed by a desert trolley with numerous choices been bought to our table. Staff were also…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It was just ‘alright’,Got ready for our night out after fighting with the shower curtain (yuck) which caused the bathroom floor to become a puddle.  Between 7am and 10am on day of check-out two members of staff walked into the room without knocking or announcing themselves. ,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location ,The hotel located on Russell Square that makes it very convenient to the Underground Station.  It’s a large older hotel with a large number of rooms.  The rooms are small clean and adequate.  Our plan included breakfast.  The breakfast room is large sometimes with a line to get in.  The food is very good.  Some of the staff is very accommodating.  Others at reception are on the edge of rude.  Check is at 2pm.  The staff in not very willing to accommodate those guest who arrive early. By noon guest spread all over the common area waiting until 2pm.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, central to all the key areas","excellent hotel, double room very comfortable and clean, ensuite facilities excellent.  number of bars to choose from all offering excellent service and products, breakfast both quality and service excellent, will certainly use this hotel when ever i visit London now",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"A whole new experience.  Rough sleeping indoors!  Everything about this place (apart from the price)  is just 'cheap'.  From the 15 inch TV to the 1950s mattress.    Worst though is the army barracks windows.  Any two-bob noise consultant will tell you that to block high frequency traffic noise you need to eliminate air gaps.  These were so bad that the curtains were flapping in the breeze.  I tried stuffing them with tissue paper but the street noise (from one of the busiest streets in London) was still awful,  My advice to the owners - phone Gordon Ramsay.  My advice to potential customers - AVIOD.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Girls night in the big smoke !,Stopped here for 1 night was a nice hotel for how long we was in it . Very close to nearest underground station a minute walk away . Rooms where decent size and clean a little dated and need of new windows but clean and warm. Breakfast was ok not very warm and not much choice but was nice what I had . Would go back as drinks in bar were a good price considering we was in London and it was adequate for what we wanted. There was a casino attached to hotel but didn’t go in .,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Carol's Festive Lunch,"The first Christmas Lunch and it was a beautiful day. The food was so good,the tables were dressed beautifully,all the staff were as professional as always. The male choir was the start of us loving Christmas.  I love this hotel they really go out their way to give 1st class service.  The Afternoon Tea is outstanding too.  My friend and I will be returning next year, just hope this review does not take our booking for next year.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",TV needs retuning and update.,"When in London, I either stay  here or the Bedford. It's good value, clean and nice staff.  The TVs all need upgrading though even to Freeview.  I stayed at the Imperial last year during the Christmas period and it was lively and fun. I really liked the reception at Christmas with its lovely Christmas trees. However this December it was really, really busy so next year I'll make it the Bedford. A single guest but I had a twin room on 9th floor with a wonderful view.  That was a good deal.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London trip to see family and the city,"We just returned from a week at the Imperial and had a fantastic stay. The room was nice, the staff were great ,breakfast did the trick each morning and location is great! I have stayed in newer hotels here in Canada a lot worse then this charming old lady. I would definatly stay here again. The beds were very nice and the room was more then warm enough. And hot water for showers was very plentiful. I have to think the people who have trouble with the staff are maybe getting a little of what they give because I asked houdreds of questions and they were always willing to help and information and directions were bang on.  Keep up the good work Imperial! Hope to return again!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend,We stayed at the president hotel in Russel Square. The hotel is plush and looks good from the entrance. The bar / lounge area is spacious and comfortable with a great selection of beers and wines.  The room was small but clean and newly decorated. The bathroom was spotless.  All you can eat breakfast set us up for the day.  Overall we were really impressed for the money,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I have ever stayed in!,"Was like an old fashioned convent! Everything was so old and dirty. The communal bathroom fa utilities were diabolical. We are both aching this morning from the rock hard beds and sheets that can only be described as dog sheets. The room was freezing and the other guests did not respect others. We didn't even risk getting the breakfast.  Please just book elsewhere, I always read reviews and think ""it can't be that bad"" but this is honestly worse than I described.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre Trip,"The Imperial is a little tired, but the staff were really helpful. We had a room way up on the 7th floor, but as we were on the Russell Square side, and the fact it’s only single glazed, it was a bit noisy. The rooms are a little dated too, but comfortable and functional. We were only there for two nights, but evening meal was in the restaurant next door in the President hotel, which was a full roast dinner. Just have to say, huge portion !!. Not a spare millimetre of plate left. Nice to chill out in the bar, and watch the people going by. We were on a trip to the theatre, so location was perfect, and just down the road from the Lyceum, so loads of shows and bars on your doorstep. Overall, quietly surprised. ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Imperial Hotels group have two Hotels adjoining each other- Hotel President and Hotel Imperial. They enjoy excellent locational advantage. Very near to British Museum and Russel square station, all other major attractions are on walking distance. Russel square station is  directly linked with airport also. It is the convenience of its location which gives it an edge over other hotels. Service , room quality, price, restaurant and bar are reasonably good.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but needs some work,A comfortable hotel in a nice area. Good choice of bars and restaurants where the drinks are a similar price to pubs in the area. Some areas need updating and some of the supervisors need lessons in how to talk to their staff. The carvery was okay but obviously a nice touch when included in the deal I got. As usual the normal room rate was not good value but superbreak made it so with a deal. Breakfast average.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, pleasant staff, good breakfast.","Stayed here on a Friday night via a train package. Our room was on 2nd floor facing Russel Square - you get a great view - but there is traffic noise most of the night. We didn't mind this - it almost lulls you to sleep! Despite what previous reviews have said, our room was really warm - in fact we could have done with turning the radiators down but here was no option to do this. The room was spacious and clean - if a little dated. There was live jazz in the bar when we were there which was an added bonus. Breakfast was busy on Saturday morning at 9 am ( served 7am to 10am) - but he buffet was replenished often and the quality was good. You can get gluten free bread on request if you need it. The staff were pleasant and helpful. British museum is on your doorstep - and you can…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"This hotel is not worth your money. The rooms are COLD: the windows are like thin paper, the heating its a joke. Everything its DIRTY and old. The staff treats you bad because they’re probably being treated bad by the manager. The breakfast its disgusting. The bath doesnt work properly. Its not worthy. Its cheap but there are MUCH better options, trust me.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Solid three star but tha's all.,"Booked this hotel for three nights in October 2018. The price was very favourable and included breakfast plus a three course dinner on the first night. The hotel was a bit on the old-fashioned style but because it is a large hotel everything one would need is there. Front desk was efficient and welcoming. Room was compact but perfectly formed. Breakfast was plentiful but nothing too special. The free three course dinner at the President Hotel was again nothing special but filled a hole. The location of the hotel at Russell Square was ideal with views over the park and 2 minute walk to the tube which comes directly from the airport. There is some noise and sirens from Southampton Row so you may want to take your earplugs. As mentioned in the title, solid three stars.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A regular stop of mine,"i  find this hotel and the others owned by the same company in the same aea to be comfortable and convenient.  The hotels is s short distance from the Russell Square Tubs Station which is on the line from Heathrow and Kings Cross two locations I tend to travel to and from. The rooms overlooking the square are the best and on a recent visit I had one looking out at the trees in the square just developing their Autumn colours.  The food in all the restaurants of the hotels is good.  I used to enjoy breakfast at the President next door to the Imperial which used to feature smoked haddock, but alas no more.  Nevertheless the breakfast buffets are good.  The Atrium Bar is a delightful spot all day for drinks or snacks or just a rest in the Art Deco environment.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just dinner,"We didn’t stay the night but had dinner and drinks at the up stairs bar.   The reception staff were very friendly and helpful, the bar staff were very good and quick service considering the amount of people who attended the event.   The food was also great considering there was around 150 people dining plus other dining events within the hotel.   Well worth considering if for an event in the future. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very dated!,"OK, let's start positively - the attendants at check in were very friendly and chatty. Big tick for staff.   The food was reasonable, nothing super exciting but good enough to serve the purpose.  The bed was comfortable and there was plenty of hot water.  That's about it for the positives.  This hotel is incredibly dated! It's not cheap, so surely they have the money to at least bring it up to the standards of a Holiday Inn or a Travel Lodge? But for some reason they haven't bothered.   The entrance is nicely laid out, statues and greenery to give it that sumptuous elegant feel. Don't be fooled though!  My room was cold and when I woke in the morning the window was covered in condensation. The windows are very old and the window ledge is nothing more than a flimsy bit of stained…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"After reading reviews I was apprehensive about staying at the imperial hotel. I was staying in a single room, really clean and well furnished. Room complete with hairdryer, shampoo / conditioner and shower gel too (these are the things important to me). Bed comfy. Room overlooking Russell Square, slightly noisy with window open but slept well with window closed. View from room attached. Breakfasts good choice, staff go above and beyond to help. Great location and nearby amenities.  Lose walk to Covent Garden and underground so can get about the city with ease. Had first night’s meal at Bedford hotel, was a nice meal. Wouldn’t hesitate to stay again. For the price  and location, I can’t complain. Thanks to the Imperial!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Hit and miss,Comfortable rooms fair size and good size bathroom in reasonable condition. However the place is in drastic need of an update.Everthing is the chepest possible. Some of the house keeping practices are very Fawlty Towers.We wiped down TV remote and telephone had never been cleaned. For the price and location I guess I should not complain . Take a room not facing Rusell Square and you will have a good night's rest. Hallway at cleaning time,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"My colleague and me were booked here at the last minute because there was literally no other rooms in London. We arrived about 9 pm to find a huge que of about 40 people, took ages to get to the front. The travel  Company had booked two executive suites 🤣 on bed-and-breakfast, we found that the hotel messed the booking up we had one exec suite with breakfast, the other a normal room no breakfast. The staff struggled to understand our complaints. I ended up with the better room. A twin room that looked like any premier Inn room. But apparently it was an executive suite 😂 compared to other rooms which were old and tatty with blankets on the bed. They didn’t even have tea spoons. The hotel it’self  was horrible and old , my colleague was based in the Sourh end of the hotel, I was…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap! Exactly what it says on the tin!,"I booked this hotel as a last minute, quick and easy booking after my hubby was rushed into hospital. First impressions were good; reception and it’s staff were lovely. Room (single standard, all rooms are singles, no bigger beds) was very basic.  Curtains didn’t close properly, overlooked casino entrance and therefore noisy, room was hot so I had to have the window open, therefore barely slept!  Bathroom: clean but cleaning fluid left sprayed on the bath side and not wiped and somebody elses ‘hair’ on the bath! I had to reconnect the shower as the cleaners hadn’t done it properly and water went everywhere when I turned the taps on! Ordered breakfast to my room, wish I hadn’t!!...all cold, no milk for the tea, WAY too much food too, such a waste! Refused to pay for it which the…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location location,"Great location, friendly staff, lovely views of Russell Square. Room clean and serves the purpose but lack inspirations. The lobby is welcoming and the hotel is located steps away from the British Museum and close to an old Italian restaurant which is convenient for a late meal.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Huge queue for breakfast,The hotel is fairly basic but very well located. The next door sister hotel is being renovated and all of their guests were using the imperial restaurant for breakfast so there are double the amount of people causing huge queues for breakfast. We were in a hurry this morning so didn’t have time to queue and ended up having to pay for breakfast elsewhere. ,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central to the British Museum and Library,"While a little old fashioned, we found the rooms above average for the typical mid-priced London hotel. Be sure to ask for a room facing Russell Square, the courtyard and the Casino at the back are a little noisy. Full English breakfasts are excellent.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not wheelchair friendly but lovely staff,"The staff were positively excellent, kind, helpful, and went above and beyond the call of duty, even helping to repair my wheelchair at one point. The breakfasts were fine and the room nicer than I was expecting (we did have a deluxe though)  The bathroom and housekeeping staff were excellent. Certainly not a ""cheap"" feeling at all.  However, if you need to use a wheelchair at this hotel, beware! The lifts in the building are too small - you can get a wheelchair in if you put it in sideways, but there isn't enough room to turn it sideways without huge difficulty.  The staff were kind enough to unlock the service lift for us to try but it was still too small to practically use. There are no ground floor rooms - even the restaurant",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasant hotel, good location, great staff","I recently stayed for five nights at the Imperial and, for the price, I was very happy with my room and with the hotel in general.  While the decor overall might be a bit tired, the hotel is very clean.  My sunny small room had very good storage, a perfectly adequate bathroom, and a lovely view across Russell Square.  I found any street noise to be minimal.  The hotel staff were unfailingly pleasant and helpful.  I would definitely stay at the Imperial again and I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a moderately priced hotel in this location.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better night sleeping on the street,"Possibly the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. My window was on the main road, single glazed window = Loud street noise. Dirty old rooms. Bed felt like sleeping on bricks. Not all the lights worked in the room. The list goes on...",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Don't  know why I expected anything more.  Decided to try this 'reasonably' priced hotel & was bitterly disappointed.  While the front desk staff was pretty good, the rooms were very dated with sagging beds & a toilet that only flushed effectively after 3-5 times.  The WiFi was painfully slow & often disconnected.  I have special needs & my requests were regarded no understanding.  The staff at at 'The Carvery' were insulted & on the defensive by our vegan requests.  They didn't listen nor did they care to.  They even denied the HAIR IN MY SOUP even though I showed them!  No more cheap hotels for me!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellent,Stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights with 7 members of my extended family. We all had a lovely time. Rooms beter than average staff friendly and professional . We had dinner on Sunday evening -- a carvery -- generous portions and very good our breakfasts were just as good. A special thankyou to Bill for spending his precious time talking to me about the hotels history and to Ian on reception for his good humour. Thank you all very much Patricia Miller,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Two night stay,"Hotel very good with plenty of facilities, 2 bars, coffee shop, somewhere to eat. Staff all friendly and room clean. Only thing that I would say is room very noisy from main road outside it didn’t seem to make any difference if window was open or shut",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"If you're looking for a place to stay in London, that has a reasonable rate, comfortable rooms, free wi-fi, a good breakfast, friendly and helpful staff, and is in a great location (it's also close to Piccadilly lines Russell Square underground, which has a convenient Tesco's just outside it) - then I'd recommend the Imperial. My wife have stayed there several times, and never had any reason to complain. I said close to an underground station, but it's in walking distance of many attractions, and the architecture is always worth admiring along the way. We'll be back again. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"I have stayed here twice now. The rooms are simple, clean and have just what you need. TV, Wifi, tea & coffee making facilities, hairdryer etc. Breakfast was OK, staff once again friendly and helpful. Check in/out swift and easy, and since I checked out hours before leaving they let me store my luggage for a small fee.  Location is always a bonus, just a two minute walk from the tube. Thanks for another pleasant stay, would stay here again  :)",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice 3 star hotel, a bit noisy.","Just back from a trip to London where I spent 3 nights in the Imperial Hotel off Russell Square.  The hotel is in a fairly central location in Bloomsbury, close to Covent Garden and with plenty travel links and tour buses passing and stopping nearby.   The hotel was clean, and the staff friendly and polite.  Breakfast was buffet style and was nice and hot each morning.    My only complaint about my three nights is the noise inside the hotel.  It is possible to hear guests in adjoining rooms.  It is also possible to hear some noise from outside, and I was at the back of the hotel away from the main street.   Overall though, I would stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Return visit, Stayed in this hotel again with friends for our annual weekend trip to London. Alway impressed with the standard and consider it great value for money. We had 6 single rooms with no supplement charges and found everything very comfortable and enjoyed a hearty breakfast. The location couldn't be better for exploring central London. We'll be back next year,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the one star,"We had a very disappointing stay.   Firstly, once arriving in our room we were shocked at the difference with the room and the pictures advertised on the website. The room was not an accurate representation of the pictures on the website. This is because the rooms on the website appear more modern, brighter and larger. Furthermore, we were disappointed with the appearance of the whole hotel. It was again not a true reflection of the images on the website or the £113 price per night. We found the hotel rather dull and dark.   Secondly we were appalled with the cleanliness of the room. For example, underneath the bed there was a shower puff left from a previous resident. There was also dirt in the grime of the tiles, making showering very unpleasant. We also had difficulties with…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing service from events team,"Being part of a large pre booked event with a pre booked meal option, I tried to arrange 2 meals without the drinks option as neither myself or my partner drink alcohol. After I was told on the phone by a member of the events team that she was sure there was something they could do and to drop them an email, I was told in no uncertain terms by email that it would not be possible. I totally understand that it is difficult to manage 2 people not having a drink out of a large party, but we are adults and we are not going to drink when we don't! The way we were treated was abhorrent and surely some concession could have been made for 2 people! I am truly disgusted and upset by the whole episode!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip staying for 1 night,"Had to book a room at short notice for work but could only get a single room which I felt was a bit small for the price but it was sufficient for my needs. The hotel has a bar which serves food and a restaurant for breakfast. I recommend the breakfast which has a lot of variety, will fill you up ready for a day in London. The staff are very helpful in a Hotel which is ideally located to get to the many of the London sites by walking but particularly the theatres.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Decent budget option, but lacks air-con in rooms","Right in the heart of Bloomsbury, it has many restaurants within easy walking distance. Nice public areas and breakfast facilities, including bar offering 10% discount to guests, though we didn't spot this till leaving. Perfectly adequate, small single rooms at less than £100 per night, fitted with bath and shower, plus complimentary beverage making facilities. One serious minus was that it was very hot and humid when we stayed and the bedroom lacked air conditioning. The result was it was difficult to sleep, even without bed covers. Opening the window made no discernible difference. However, I imagine 95% of the time this would not be an issue, and the cost of installing and running air-con would necessitate a price increase. The public areas had air-con, and were fine. The…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Return visit,Came here again for 2 night break. Very well run friendly hotel. Room was clean and set up for 3 as requested. Spacious hotel with attached bar at one side. Because of its size it never feels busy even though it was. Breakfast is great value and the service was better than many more expensive hotels that we have stayed in. Close to the tube station but also not too far to walk into central London. Great value. We will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Can't fault the place,"I arrived at 8.30am knowing I wouldn't be able to check in but thought I'd drop my bags off. To my surprise I was able to check in which saved me so much time later on. Hotel was clean, the staff were friendly and couldn't fault it. Photo attached is the bar which is part of the hotel, lovely seating area outside. Definitely be back! ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a face lift,"Good stuff; central location, close proximity to tube, attentive helpful staff, clean!  Not so good stuff; the hotel needs modernising. It’s Art Deco, mainly twin rooms and has unusual features like a split bathroom (separate loo) and no air con! I had been looking forward to a nice park view but sleep won over the view and the helpful reception quickly moved me to a back room where I could open the windows during the night. I was concerned about facing a casino but, mid week, there was no noise.   I wouldn’t come back but my stay was ok. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location & Lovely Staff,I stayed here with my boyfriend for 1 week. Upon check in we were given a free room upgrade to the 'Executive Room'. Room was very spacious. Every morning we had a full english breakfast that never disappointed. The hotel is only about a 3 minute walk to Russel Square Underground which runs on the Piccadilly Line and heads straight into the centre of London. I'd high recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family staying in London who are just wanting a decently priced room with good facilities and is close to the centre of London.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and quiet,"I was travelling for business; and for our budget the Imperial suited us well.    If you're after a modern hotel this probably isn't for you (as the decor is a bit '90s); however the staff are polite, breakfast is good and the rooms are clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as I expected,This is a well known hotel in a good location. How disappointing to find that on some of the hottest nights of the year there was no air conditioning and not enough fans to go round. When I asked at reception for a fan I was told that they could not call housekeeping for me and I had to go to the third floor to ask myself. We had two rooms but they could only provide one fan (though the housekeeping office had one for themselves!!) We asked the porter to call us a taxi and he said it would be 5 mins but 15 mins later when I checked with him he said it had been cancelled but he hadn't told us. Reception also told us that there was an 80% chance that the restaurant would change a free meal deal from the first night to the second but the restaurant promptly said that was not a…,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Efficient well located quiet hotel,"I was a single traveler here for a week on academic business.    Hotel was everything I could ask for.  Good price for value.  Small but adequate single room, attentive staff.  NB Safe deposit box service s only open during the day.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Sooooo hot,"Stayed on a Saturday night following a event in the Elizabethan suite. The temperature outside was 30 degrees but in the rooms it was a good 10 degrees hotter Could not sleep. I cannot believe that a hotel of this type doesn't have air conditioning. I am aware that it isn't advertised which is fair enough but a little planning would have seen the hotel procure fans. Or even hire them.  I would have gladly paid the hire charge for a fan. Little disappointed with the school hall type breakfast . Everybody sitting in rows right on top of each other , there wasn't much privacy to talk to my partner.  The lady sitting near me was bemoaning the fact that haddock was on the menu but non was to be found. And then that she had asked for decaffeinated coffee a number of times without…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",No Air Conditioning,"Wish I had known there was no A/C in any of the rooms in this hotel. Also, the windows do not open. That leaves you without ventilation. As I write this review, it is July and unbearably hot. Please book somewhere else to avoid over-heating/fainting trouble. The rooms look exactly as pictured and you are close to all the attracts (less than 20 minutes by train). Oh there is also no iron, if you're here for busy think twice especially if appearances are important.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value & location for the price,"We've stayed at more expensive hotels in London, ones closer to the West End theatres. The Imperial is an older hotel and needs renovations but it is clean and walking distance to Covent Garden, Soho and Leicester Square. It's also close to the Russell Square Tube stop. Rooms are big and comfy by London standards.. Staff is mostly friendly. They have a decent full English breakfast that is free to guests. We got a free dinner the first night in one of the hotel restaurants (Carvery) that was filling. Each room has a mini fridge. The main drawback is there are no safes in the rooms but you can use the Safety Deposit Box for a small fee. Wifi is free and fast. Also there are not many electrical outlets for charging your phone. There is also no air-conditioning (like many London…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Relatively inexpensive but...,"Great location, nice neighorhood, near Underground station. Rooms are small but comfortable. No A/C!!!! If your window faces east, you better get up early! Carpets should be replaced, I think they remember Queen's Silver Jubilee. And - they charge you for luggage storage!!!! You pay Ł100 for the cheapest room and they charge you 50p for storing your suitcase??? Shame on them!!!",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",So-so. I expect better from London.,"For Central London, this hotel is tired and tatty. Reception staff are, largely, not particularly friendly and the check-in process is arduous.   Rooms are not especially clean (there was muck on the shower curtain and marks on the door) and they are in dire need of redecoration.   Breakfast was disappointing, with no continental option and no fresh fruit; a Full English was all that was available and the sausages were cheap. There was no nice, crusty bread and all of the food sat under lamps for ages.   In the evening I ordered “Bruschetta”, which was guacamole spread over unbaked, frozen bread - when I sent it back they just cut it in half and stuck it under the grill, rather than actually baking some more bread properly! As such, it was inedible.   The icing on the cake…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and very friendly ,Me and my friend stayed here 24th to 26th of June. We got to hotel at 11.30 our room was ready so we were able to check in which was lovely. Room was very clean nice comfy beds plus pillows we were in room 305 on the inside of the hotel not on the main road which was a bonus as the traffic does not stop. We had a evening meal at the president it was ok. Breakfast at the imperial was lovely everything warm and fresh and plenty to choose from. It's a couple of minutes walk round to the tube fantastic location will be defiantly returning to the imperial we would recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Central London location, outer London prices","I stayed at the Imperial with my 4 year old son recently. I selected this hotel as it is a short walk from Euston, almost on top of Russell Square tube, walking distance from many attractions and has very modest walk up rates for rooms of £110 for a double and £70 for a single. London is not a cheap city to stay in so I pitched my expectations according to the price point and I was not disappointed.    I was welcomed politely on arrival at reception and offered a choice of rooms. I went for the 5th floor. en route to the room there was some housekeeping and maintenance work going on. All the staff greeted me as I went by. The room faced on to the inner courtyard, the windows opened sufficient to allow air in but not enough to let a small child tumble out. The whole room was…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable & good value in central location.,"I stayed for two nights in a single room. The rate was £70 per night for bed and breakfast, but also included a three course dinner on the first night as part of a deal booked through 'Superbreak'. This dinner could be eaten at one of three Imperial Hotels nearby (not the Imperial itself) and I went to the Royal National, just up the road. The meal was very good there, and it was just an added bonus that it was free.  My room on the 7th floor was larger than I expected, with a comfy bed, and was quiet as it faced the rear. The bathroom was spotless and the shower powerful.  The WiFi worked perfectly. The only bad point about the room was the TV. It was small with poor picture quality, and this is something the hotel should address.   Breakfast was in a large room on the first…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Safe and clean,"Reasonably priced...safe...clean nice sized room...bath are a is separate from the toilet area...the tub is huge ..about 6 feet long and at least a 24"" step up to get into the tub....definately not handicap friendly..no air conditioning..and a very small TV....excellent breakfast included with the room. Very helpful staff....a great budget friendly well located place to stay in London. Lots of restaurants in area.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed bag,"Hotel in brilliant location. Due to location & age, street noise is a bit of an issue. The windows are not double glazed & I had air con fans outside the building which were noisy throughout the night. I had to have the windows open because of the heat, no air con or temperature control in the room. No nets at the window, so while in the room I kept the curtains closed so I wasn’t overlooked by rooms/buildings in close proximity. I was on the 4th floor but above reception so I heard the smokers chatting outside, people & cars coming & going. The room & bathroom wete clean, shower fine. Toiletries & tea etc in the room. Doors were a bit clunky & noisy. I used the meeting rooms during my stay, which were excellent. Air conditioned, comfy chairs & excellent morning coffee…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Two night weekend break,I booked a 2 night weekend break through Superbreak.  The room was small but functional and clean and tidy.  The bed was not the comfiest and quite low to the ground but ok overall.  The bathroom comes supplied with mini shampoo and bath gels and the shower in my room on the 5th floor had a decent strong water pressure.  Breakfast was fine and consists of hot items buffet style with cereals and toast/bread rolls. Orange and apple juices and chilled water are also available. Not a huge selection but perfectly adequate.  The tables come with a basket filled high with preserves and mini portions of marmalade etc.  I went down for breakfast before 9am on the Saturday and the restaurant was already very busy. Breakfast runs until 10am apart from a Sunday when it’s half 10.  My…,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Stayed here for 1 night on way home from a holiday in Scotland,plane was late arriving so thought I would not get in but there was no problem.breakfast was buffet,with plenty of choices.location was excellent for tube to the centre.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay... lost it’s appeal.,"Have stayed here a few times in the past and had been happy with our stay, sadly this time the hotel has lost its way... ripped curtains in room, no water, no biscuits, no personality... walking to our room along the corridor the cleaner still hard at work throwing laundry in front of us into corridor, not the practise that you might expect. Breakfast ok, but again not up to standard for price paid... good location for tube.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice base of operations,"A great budget hotel to stay at if you are looking for a central location.   It's not been updated for a while so decor is not great. But it is within an hour's walk of most ""must-see"" attractions. Also has a nice 1st floor lounge to sit and chat in. Staff were quite friendly - especially at the front desk. We generally only used it to sleep in so perfect for us. The Bloomsbury area is fairly nice too so felt safe walking around day and night.   The full-english breakfast is very good and very filling. It would have been nice to have a few more options, but if staying for only a few days, you shouldn't tire of it. What they had was quite tasty.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for Russell Square Tube Station,"The accommodation was OK and for a London Hotel the accommodation was reasonable value.  We were “upgraded” to an executive room which was nice touch (I suspect because they weren’t that busy and they knew that we had not stayed there before; it’s a good marketing ploy).  Having said that I doubt if the quality of the room and fitments was any better than a standard room, but it was 50% larger than a standard and had a sofa and coffee table in addition to what I expect you get in a standard room.  I certainly wouldn’t have paid the extra £26 a night for it!  The TV may have been a flat screen but I didn’t realise you could still get screens that small (18” or less?) and the signal strength was not that great; also, you don’t even get all the Freeview channels either.  There is…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money - Great location,We have just returned from a 2 night stay in this hotel. On arrival we were told that we would be given a free room upgrade we were given an executive room - well I have to say that if that was an executive room then I do wonder what the bog standard room was like. Having said that the room we had was very comfortable and clean very large bed and the most powerful shower I have ever had. The décor is a little tired. The English breakfast is excellent and all the dining room staff are very attentive and friendly. This hotel is in easy walking distance of Covent Garden. Will definitely use this hotel again its good value for money.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Overall, would stay here again.  Small room and the bed was not much more than a light weight cot.  BUT the breakfast was quite good every day, the hotel bars and food were convenient and reasonable, and the location provided easy access to local options as well as the tube. We were very happy we stayed at the Imperial.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Average,"Look for £100 in the area it is in then a fair price. However, the single rooms are very much for a single person and very small. That said adequate if staying on business and has a desk, chair and TV along with a bath in the bathroom. The decor is well in need of renewal. Have stayed twice and will stay again as each time when I get to Euston ( short bus trip away perhaps 1.5 miles) they have always been ale to book me in so I do not need to carry my bag all day. Staff very attentive and friendly at night and in morning. I did not have any issue with noise and slept very well in the single bed. Breakfast is, again, adequate but was surprised it is a cooked breakfasts and no offer of a continental, or perhaps both times I was too early. All in all, don't expect to much and you…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location and breakfast made it worth it – but only reconsider if poor quality of sleep and old décor bothers you.,"Room okay if you compromise on comfort Two rooms – occasional smell on entering one and the other was fine. Beds not comfy. Bath was narrow with a built in shower. Some outside noise but not too loud.   Customer service could be better Friendly woman did check us in and staff serving breakfast were welcoming, lovely and attentive. No acknowledgement from staff at desk (whom I later realised were porters) when waiting to check in. No greetings from porters whenever we passed and we found ourselves hovering to make an enquiry whilst they were chatting casually. Spent first hour of arrival hunting down a fan. I should not have to be up and down different floors searching for the housekeeper who wasn’t in her office when collecting nor returning the fan. Cleaner couldn’t do anything…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Item stolen from my room,"I have stayed at this hotel for work purposes on a few occasions. The quality of the breakfasts is poor & sometimes unpalatable.  The rooms are way beyond needing a freshen up; scuffs & splashes on the walls which just need cleaning let alone a lick of paint. The cleaning down of the room each day was hit & miss too, on 1 occasion the bathroom wasnt cleaned & there was still half of cold cup of tea left in the room - instead of it being cleared & replaced with a clean cup & saucer. The tea/coffee 'provision' in the room is the worst I have ever had to experience & I stay in hotels up & down the country on a monthly basis.  Having stayed here before, on my last visit this month, I knew it would be expensive & durge, it has been consistent in that at least, but the venues for my…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not very flash for lots of cash... ,"The Imperial hotel is supposed to be the flagship of the chain. Sadly it's over priced, the rooms desparatly need up dating along with the corridors and lifts. The breakfast hall is however newly refurbished and the breakfast is of a good standard. Don't waste your hard earned money, stay at the Tavistock just down the  road for 40 odd quid less, it's fully refurbished and has a far superior bar. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Too noisy ,"No air conditioning in the room so opened the windows.  Unfortunately our room was near the air conditioning unit so you either had a very hot or noisy room.  Things got worse on Friday night when there was a party.  The new was horrendous, the conference manager wasn’t interested and the porter and receptionist couldn’t offer a room of similar or higher value.  No manager on site to assist the staff who were out of their depth dealing with customers.  Need soundproofing for the conference rooms.  We thought we were booking into a family run hotel instead we got corporate, if we had wanted that there are many more fully modernised hotels we could have booked.  The hotel has missed it’s opportunity for sell itself to us.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Dinners,"I have to attend social dinners here, several times a year, with groups of friends.  I emphasise that we have a banqueting menu and not the à la carte dishes served in the main restaurant.  I have to say that they do us very well.  Once there has been some very tough beef; but with the slowly-cooked lamb shank, or the steak and ale pie, they do very well.  The fish is also good, as are the soups - while the dessert trolley is excellent.  The service is excellent, under the guidance of Henry Chu, the Banqueting Manager, who makes a point of getting to know his regular customers.  Kudos to him for that.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,Decent room and well located near the train station and fairly central. Slightly dated but comfy enough and did the job for a one night stay. Breakfast food also very good. Gets 4 stars not 5 as access cards kept faulting of they'd been anywhere near a phone and toilet room didn't have an extractor fan.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A welcome return.,"We like Bloomsbury when we stay in London and this was our 3rd stay at this hotel. A warm welcome at reception and friendly staff throughout the hotel. Our room was very comfortable and a welcome place to return to after looking round London in general. The restaurant is good, where we enjoyed a very good breakfast both mornings. The best bacon I've eaten in a very long time ! We also had a complimentary 3 course evening meal on our first night, as we were staying for more than one night. Excellent food on all 3 courses. I really love the Atrium bar lounge with its Art Deco style to relax in.  Gorgeous. We would certainly stay again here.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Honestly could not fault this hotel :),Me and my mum stayed here for my 25th birthday and I honestly can not fault it! The staff are so friendly and always go the extra mile. The room was a little outdated but immaculate with an AMAZING view. Breakfast was varied and really tasty. We had an evening meal at the Bedford which I would recommend - the lemon tart was delightful! Really convenient location - Oxford street/ Covent Garden are 15 minutes walk away. Tube station is 5 minutes away and lots of bars/restaurants/ convenience shops (tesco express) close by. Want to say a massive thankyou to the staff for such a welcoming stay - really makes all the difference :) ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant overnight stay.,"We haven't been in London for at least 10 years, but we were there for an event reently and stayed one night at the Imperial Hotel.  It's in a great location for travellers and visitors.   We had booked a standard room but on arrival were upgraded to an Executive room - thank you for that!   It was a large, comfortable room with great beds.  Maybe a slightly lingering smell of smoke (possibly from the upholstery?) but nothing that bothered us too much. Great showers and clean bathroom made our stay very pleasant.  Breakfast was ok but would have benefitted from some mushrooms to go with the cooked breakfast, and we couldn't find any fresh fruit, although there was some prepared fruit available on the buffet.  We enjoyed the ambience and service in the bar, and the live music was…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",NO ELECTRICITY,"The room was pretty shoddy; because of a snafu at other lodging, I ended up staying here last minute without research. I wish I had taken the time to read reviews. There are a lot of other hotels nearby. I was only staying three nights and figured I could handle it. On the second of three nights I arrived back to the hotel after a late dinner and the elevators were out. I questioned three people (who didn't look very official) at the front desk and they said the elevators were being worked on. I explained I was on the eighth floor, any other elevator I could take? This was met with smirks and giggles by all three at the desk who said there wasn't another elevator. I arrive in my room and there is NO ELECTRICITY. The house phone did work and I called to the front desk (no doubt…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for the central attarctions,"Stopped here for two night ,ideal for the attractions we wanted to see including a show, our room was clean and tidy ,staff seemed friendly ,  Overhaul  a large dated hotel but ideally sited within Russell Square ,breakfast was fine for me as it was a traditional English , but no other options so for tourists from other countries may not be ideal .",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent base for a London Visit,"This is the second time we have stayed at The Imperial. It is very convenient for access to Central London. The welcome by reception was excellent. The room we has Executive and was spacious and airy. The housekeeping staff were efficient and friendly. The lounge area overlooks Russel Square. Breakfasts are served in the Restaurant on the first floor. The cooked breakfast is excellent with a choice of scrambled, fried, poached or boiled eggs; bacon (delicious and well cooked); hash browns; baked beans; good sausages and tomatoes. There is a choice of cereal as well as fresh fruit and prunes. The toasters are very efficient. Fresh orange juice is available. The waiters are attentive refilling coffee and tea when requested. All in all a good base. Recommended. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, though lots of street noise","I stayed at the hotel for two nights with a (fairly large) group of colleagues. In all the hotel is very good, it is fairly reasonable in price, and it is in a good location for London, only 5 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station and about 10 minutes from the British Museum.  The staff were excellent, and there seemed to be plenty of them in reception so on the occasions I was near there I never saw any delays (and even our large group was dealt with very efficiently. The breakfast was fine and the breakfast room nice. The room I had was facing Russell Square, and it was, even through the night, rather noisy, which was the only thing that really detracted from the hotel. Unfortunately, with a busy schedule, that is a rather big thing. To me it looks as though the…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not up with the times.  ,"Apart from the friendly staff, everything about this hotel is in dire need of updating.  It's like a time warp back to the 70s in some ways.  And if you ask to hire ""modern"" technology such as projector, the cost of 2-days hire, is the same price as buying one! Low budget and tired.  It's a shame because the willing staff do their best, the location is good, but it really needs modernisation - and in many different ways, not just the decor.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well situated,"Quite a large hotel well situated, with plenty of meeting rooms and banqueting facilities. We attended a lunch party, which was excellent. Good food and pleasant staff. Our room was more than adequate, with tea and coffee making facility, trouser press and hair dryer. Quite a small television for the size of room. Pleasant staff on Reception.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding present stay,Stayed at the hotel as part of a wedding present was a lovely hotel and we were very pleased to have been upgraded however the windows were all covered in damp. The shower didn't work. The bed was made up from 2 singles. The staff seem professional but weren't overly friendly and didn't feel they were very welcoming. Had better welcome at Travelodge.,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located hotel within easy reach of London sights,I have just come back from a three night stay at this three star hotel. Upon arrival they had upgraded our room as we were in London to celebrate a special birthday. The hotel is located in central London which gives easy access to the tourist sights. The hotel was clean and tidy and breakfast was included in the price. We were also fortunate there was a deal on when we booked and we had two complementary adult two day London passes to use for many top attractions. These alone were worth £215 each. Coffee and tea was also provided in the rooms along with toiletries. Overall a good three star hotel in a good location for visiting London. I would gladly stay here again and would recommend the hotel. We certainly had value for money.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping trip,"I have stayed at this hotel about 6 times, each time the staff have been very pleasant. The rooms are not the most modern you will find, but they are clean and for the amount you pay for London you cannot go wrong. Buffet style breakfast was lovely.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Its cheap and there is a reason for it,"We were booked into this hotel as part of our London trip. Upon arrival we were quickly told what was what and they walked away. The rooms were dirty and old. The bedspread and decorative pillows were yellowed with age and the previous occupants must and have like smarties as there were plenty on the floor. We went to order room service (cash only) but the phone was broken. The breakfast in the morning had variety although when your coffee is poured and its dripped across the table, there was not much left to say. We left that day and when I went to check out, Reception said "" you need to let us know if you check you this late, its against policy"". When I pointed out that I was leaving four days early, she enquired why and I told her my reasons and she then proceeded to tell me…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Great stay, arrived early but staff where helpful and checked us into our room.  Room size was very good, great view.  Room was clean and warm.  Staff where very helpful and friendly, breakfast was plenty and tasty, staff where very helpful as my husband needs decaf coffee they went and got some specially for him in a pot.  Evening meal good value and waiting staff very nice , not rushed.  Will be going back",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and good location,"We enjoyed our break at this hotel it is situated in a large building with an adjoining sister hotel which is smaller.  There is a casino also adjoining but from our room on floor 5 there was no issue with noise.  The room was clean and the bed very comfortable, breakfast was included and although rather more basic than I hoped for the quality was good, it is very English serving fried bacon, sausages, fried eggs etc. and a toast machine.  Personally I prefer more of a continental buffet but most customers seemed very happy with the fried breakfast.   The staff were helpful and friendly and there is a nice comfortable bar area as well as a pub, making it child friendly as well as adult friendly. The hotel is reasonably priced for what is on offer.  There are plans for it to be…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"I stayed at the Imperial hotel with my husband and my daughter around a week ago. We stayed there for 7 days. The staff was correct and very professional. Its location is also very convenient to walk or to take any public transport. But I have to say I don't think I would like to come back. I found it overall old and depressing. Our room, which was on the 7th floor, was really worn out, including carpets, furniture, blankets, even some towels. The mold inside one of the pictures on the walls covered most of its surface (room 709). The room itself was spacious enough, but the furniture is distributed in such an impractical way: no coat racks or hangers on any wall, a rather small wardrobe, only one stool, only one chair, a small TV (which you cannot see from the third bed).  The…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed stay for a 3 star hotel,We arrived to the imperial Hotel Russell Square London. Reception book in was smooth. We arrived to our room 916.the door was open. The floor was not hooverd  body hair & remains of were food was eaten. We looked at the bed to check if was clean. No pillow protectors. At all the pillows were so bad. For hygiene and standards. Stains from boderly fluids & blood stains. On all pillows. A lady came in to our room and asked what was wrong. I explained the problems. She replied is that all. HOW RUDE we were moved to room 244 the pillows no better. Dirty fan in Bath room. Rubbish under bed. BREAKFAST. Looked OK until you went to eat the cooked. Cold had to be sent back to be reheated. The breakfast room needs a good dust chairs need to be cleaned dust and dirty. To finish our stay  2…,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Week in London,"The hotel was part of a package from British Air.  Nothing fancy but overall very clean (although a bit scuffed about the edges).  Room was a single and perfect for the small amount of time I was going to spend in it.  The mattress could have been a light firmer but not bad.  Bathroom was fine but the shower/tub combination was narrow and had the high side for the bath so it could be a challenge for some folks to enter and exit the shower.  Breakfast was fine - fairly typical English breakfast minus the mushrooms and nothing really sweet for those that like a bit of variety.  The location is great, Russell Square is only a 5 minute walk from the British Musuem but it doesn't feel like the area is overrun by tourists.  The Russell Square tube station is a 5 minute walk…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good price/quality ratio :),"Concerning some bad/poor reviews on TA, rather than whining about some shortcomings you should compare what you get for the price you paid ;)  RESERVATION, customer oriented, professional and personal requests were taken care of.  CHECK IN, FD ladies were friendly and did a good job.  ROOM, was ""large"" (for London standards), bathroom and separate toilet were renovated and clean, amenities were ok. TV and spotlights,no problem! find the switch (or call FD). High floor with courtyard view means no problem with noise.  HOUSEKEEPING was ok, but if you leave no stone unturned, a good idea would be to ask for a ""dustbuster team for the radiators"" :|  BF, get up early and you'll find enough correct food to start your day without hunger.  PRIME LOCATION, (walking or tube)  BASIC CITY…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, breakfast, convenience","The Imperial Hotel has standard London hotel rooms: small and crowded.  However, the breakfast is wonderful and the location is perfect.  On the Piccadilly Line direct from Hearthrow and about 50 yards from the tube stop.  Many stores in immediate vicinity including the Friend at Hand Pub.  we have stayed there many times and continue to like it.  One word of warning.  If you are a light sleeper stay away from the rooms that open to the courtyard - there is a 24 hour casino at ground level that is open ALL night",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Break,For the cost booked through  BA flight & Hotel this was a great deal.Location was amazing with Russell Square Underground 5mins walk round the corner.The staff were very professional and breakfast excellent don’t be put off by the decor as rooms are a bit tired this did not deter us for really enjoying our visit .,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good situation,"Nice hotel a bit noisy on a Friday night, no double glass and 2nd floor. The crew is friendly, nice breakfast. the meat too much cooked for a Belgian. Centrally located, good situation and cheap car park.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Moderately priced. Great location.. steps from a terrific pub... Friend at Hand. Within about a block to a tube station ... to the heart of London. Worth staying there if your goal is to explore London and only need a bed to lay your head at night. Otherwise rooms are very uncomfortable... no lounge chairs... small bathroom... tub shower. There is, however, a very nice bar / lounge between the imperial hotel and the President hotel which are connected. If you want luxury this isn’t it... if you want easy access to British museum and the theater district, Lester Square etc.... this might be a great choice. Economical.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect Christmas Package,I have stayed at The Imperial on many occasions so when I knew I would be in London for Christmas I decided to try the Christmas Package. I arrived early on Christmas Eve intending to drop off my bag before going to the theatre but my room was ready so I was able to freshen up before going out. There was a complimentary bottle of wine on check-in. I arrived back late afternoon for the complimentary drink before a very tasty meal. Later in the evening I took advantage of the offer of a coach trip around London to see the lights. After lunch on Christmas Day Father Christmas visited with gifts. In the evening there was a meal and dancing at a sister hotel nearby. On Boxing day I was at football and then went to see Hamilton so I did not partake of the festivities but there was a…,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Well Situated, But Tired","I stayed here on my most recent trip in December 2017, in a single room overlooking the rear of the hotel (my room was lovely and quiet!). I love the convenience and location of this hotel, but to be honest it is starting to look a bit tired. Single rooms are compact but well appointed, however the mattress was tired and not particularly comfortable. Also the heating was on flat out during a period of mild weather, making the room feel like a sauna (the window doesn't really open wide enough to provide much relief). The bathroom has the luxury of a bath as well as a shower, but the shower head could use a bit of a clean (water sprayed everywhere when turned on!). Hot breakfast is offered at this hotel, and is very good but get in early (I ate between 7am-8am most days and food…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One night only ,"Stayed here recently, it's a large hotel obviously built in the 60s or 70s, I found it to be very depressing, dark everywhere throughout hotel, room had a particular smell I don't know what it was but could smell it on my clothes when I got back home, TV atrocious, horrible lightening in bedroom, and noisy throughout casino underneath hotel, nice friendly receptionist and breakfast was very plentiful and organised, good location ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and comfortable hotel close to transport to everywhere.,"We stayed at this hotel for two nights, booking with the hotel direct. We were upgraded to lovely rooms without asking. We got breakfast, which was very nice and one evening meal in the deal we booked. You can choose from four restaurants where to eat with this deal. The room was clean and had everything we wanted. A lovely comfortable bed and loads of space. Our room was at the back and was quiet. We liked the bar which was in-between this hotel and The President. Very comfortable and not too bad for prices considering we were in London. The tube (Russell Square) is a two minute walk away and buses the same. Around the hotel there are many restaurants. Hotel staff were all excellent. The man from concierge went out in the pouring rain to get us a taxi as the traffic was…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for a one night stay.,"If you are looking for somewhere inexpensive for a one night stay this is fine. Pro's - They are really helpful and are happy to store your luggage before you check in and afterwards. It is inexpensive, clean and in a good location. Con's - It is looking very tired, paint peeling off walls and old equipment in the rooms. However the staff are great and I would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Back again, but disappointing this time","Following my previous review in July 2017, I have been back to the hotel for another stay and have to say that I am disappointed.  The room we were given was far from welcoming, with a torn carpet, badly marked wallpaper, scratched doors, and an overall shabby appearance. Even the TV issue (small and horrible quality) has not changed.  On a positive note, the bathroom towels and bed linen were clean.  Since we first started coming here, the breakfast has not changed in terms of variety, and quality seems to have deteriorated.  The hotel rooms need a general overhaul!  Having said that, the location remains ideal.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful party night great food and service,Here for our Christmas party night we were greated by the Maitre d'hotel (Henry) who looked after us throughout the evening. The food was delightful some of us had the traditional Turkey and others Sea Bass both of which were truly delicious.Followed by a choice of Yummy desserts from the trolley.  The bar wasn't to expensive and the evening continued late into the night at the hotel club. Great Night at a very good Hotel,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is perfect for a weekend away in London. The location is ideal, it is 1 tube stop from Kings Cross and a short walk from the tube. Staff are friendly and was nice to put us on a quite floor as there was a function on. The hotel is tired looking and is in need of a refurb but the rooms are clean and spacious. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value hotel and great location for West End,We had in the past stayed at The President hotel not far from The Imperial. They are part of the same chain and share The Atrium bar although The Imperial does have another bar located on the first floor of the hotel. We thought we would try another one of the Imperial London Hotels chain and we were pleased with our choice.   First of all booking was easy as I had set up an account with the hotel chain. There was an offer of a discount if one of your nights was a Sunday so we stayed from Friday and checked out on Monday.   The hotel overlooks Russell Square and the British Museum to some extent. We asked if we could have a room at the front of the hotel overlooking Russell Square and our request was met. We got a 9th floor room with a great view of the gardens opposite the…,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location & price,"5 ladies stayed for 1 night and paid about £65 per person for bed & breakfast. We had 3 rooms between us. 2 x double and a single- which was a double. Very clean and comfortable room with everything you would need- tea /coffee tray, TV, plenty of hanging room, easy chair, spare blankets. Not the biggest room but more than adequate. Bathroom had nice towels, hairdryer and complimentary soap, shampoo/conditioner & body wash. Great shower over a bath. No view, looked out over an area facing other rooms, no nets at the window so you needed to have your curtains closed to get dressed. Old metal windows so the noise from a generator/air conditioner [or something] was loud enough to bother me but not my friends. Fabulous art deco style bar where the drinks and food were amazingly cheap…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for one night. ,"Two of us stayed for one night on a theatre break. Our twin room was basic but clean and warm with nice fluffy white towels.  The location is good. Bar prices were very reasonable, especially for London .   I didn't like breakfast I'm afraid , it was like being in a holiday camp canteen. No criticism of the staff as they were all working hard throughout our stay.   I'm not sure if I would stay again, but I guess overall it was good value for what we paid",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",5 Nights in the centre of London,"We spent 5 nights at the Imperial in London. It is a great location to get to theatres, and tourist areas like the London Eye.   The hotel itself was great, fast check in, clean room, comfortable beds. Only gripe is that the shower was way to small and it leaked all over the floor even with the shower head facing the opposite wall. Breakfast was included and very tasty we ate there every day but the last, full english and always hot.  If I ever find myself in London again I will definitely look up The Imperial hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Central location for shopping, sightseeing and good value compared to other hotels in central London. Stayed in a single room on 9th floor overlooking courtyard which was standard size for a single, compact but clean. Had problem with radiator being on full blast and unable to turn it off resulting in leaving window open 24/7 which helped slightly but must eat into their profits also tv didn't work in room but couldn't be bothered complaining for short length of time I was there and used iPad. Free meal first evening was a bonus, breakfast though basic was adequate and service was good. Overall I would stay here again for value for money but go elsewhere if looking for somewhere more upmarket - but then I would expect to pay double the price ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Unclean,"Room and hotel needs fully updating room was unclean reception unhelpful hotel is tired looking and food from previous tenants still visible, so unclean couldn't face breakfast should have made clear car park no longer theirs",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Terrific Value in Ideal London Location,"2 night stay with friends which needed to be handy for Theatreland. The walk to Shaftesbury Avenue was about 20 minutes,lovely sightseeing stroll,thus avoiding the need for expensive Taxis. The package included dinner on first night which we had at sister hotel The Bedford across the road. Food was more than adequate to say the least, well served by very attentive staff. Our rooms were very nice indeed and overlooked Russell Square.The traffic noise was compensated for by the wonderful views. All in all a brilliant couple of days. Must compliment the excellent service and assistance given by Johny the Day Porter at the Imperial.His general help and advice was invaluable in ensuring our stay was so pleasant,he was able to point us in the right direction regarding our getting…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fading gleam of the empire,"First off: This is a decent hotel in an excellent location. I had a very good night's sleep, and I can recommend staying here. But just like the glory days of the empire are a fading memory, this hotel radiates the fading gleam of past splendour. My room was clean and comfortable albeit a bit run-down. The shower had excellent pressure and temperature although the fixtures might well date back to the Queen's coronation. At breakfast (which was OK, but not great) I was seated facing a 20-feet wide ancient map of the city of London in the middle age. As I write this review the lobby is inundated by classic music (which turns out be be Classic FM as the ad break starts). Even though, personally, I wouldn't probably book this hotel for a longer stay than a night or two, I can…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I was booked into this hotel by my office as I was attending meetings nearby. The best feature of the hotel is the distance between it and the Russell Underground Station stop on the Piccadilly line. You cannot beat paying 6 pounds to get from Heathrow to your hotel. The hotel is quite rundown - but it is clean and comfortable. My room had two twin beds plus a small sofa that could be converted into a bed. The bathrooom is large with two sinks, but bring you own amenities. They provide soap, liquid soap for the shower and shampoo and a hairdryer,  but no lotion or other perks. I did appreciate the number of towels provided. Regretted not having an outlet close to my bed to charge my phone which also serves as my clock! There is a teapot, coffee and tea provided, but no fridge…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central but not comfortable,"The hotel has a prime location but is a bit old and run down. My room was rather small but had a fair size bathroom with a bathtub where the shower didn’t work very well. There were all necessary amenities in the room but the bed mattress was impossible. Also, the TV was the equivalent of 13 inch computer hanging from the wall.  When I called the reception to ask for a toiletry missing and asked for it to be sent up as soon as possible because I was going out to dinner, I was told that housekeeping had also gone to dinner and I wouldn’t get it any time soon.. !!! The carpets in the corridors and around the bar on the 1st floor were old and dirty. Psychadelic posters on the walls from James Bond movies. The bed had neon-like large lights above your head that didn’t help sleep.…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Always great!,I initially stayed here in 2014 with a friend for vacation/holiday. I was so pleased to return this past October. Clean rooms with great views (if facing Russell Square). Decent breakfast every morning. Extremely kind staff. SUPER close to one of the main underground lines: Picadilly. Great food within walking distance. I couldn’t have asked for a better experience. Also the park has a small cafe; great to sit and have some tea (especially outside - weather permitting of course). ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice , friendly and comfort",we booked  excutive room for 14 days. The  place was very comfort. The location is   excelent. close to tube station and buses line. The staff are most affable. good breakfast. the room was clean but some how old fation/ but still comfort.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location ,Lovely welcome by reception staff asked if we would prefer front or back of hotel. Rooms dated but clean powerful shower large bath. Breakfast was ok large dining room again with lovely staff. Bar relaxing with reasonable prices. Hotel very well situated easy walk to theatres and Oxford Street.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Husbands Birthday Treat,"Booked to stay at this hotel because it was central to London sights. Check in was quick and staff were polite. We stayed on the sixth floor which overlooked Russell's Square Park...great view but very noisy during the night because of the volume of traffic, so lacked a decent nights sleep, secondary glazing would solve this problem.  Rooms were basic and clean but lacked the touches that we were used too ie: fridge and safe. You could use a safe box for 50p a day but it was only available from 9-6:30....not very good if you needed anything after this time. Due to there being three hotels joined together it became confusing as to where we should be especially at meal times, being turned away because we were in the wrong area was embarrassing to say the least. I feel that an…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"The hotel is in a great location which is easily reached using the London underground piccadilly line just one stop from Kings Cross and direct from London Heathrow with no need to change. If you are coming from Heathrow there is a lift at Russell Square station, After exiting the station you take a left and another left and its facing Russell square park. The check in was quite quick and you get a card key for your room and a breakfast card which you present on the first floor if your package includes a breakfast, my room was a single room which was clean and tidy and included a t.v , wardrobe, kettle (but only one sachet of tea and coffee)there isn’t a safe but you can store any valuables at the reception safe. I had a nice view facing the park and you can see the B.T tower…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","No frills, basic, in an excellent location","A basic hotel, suitable for vacation travellers.  Property was spotless.  Room in good condition.  Linens not luxurious but clean and fresh.  Adequate sized room.  Breakfast was good with 2 serving islands so there was little crowding in a very busy hotel.  Front desk staff professional, quick, and very helpful.  Location is just a very short walk from the Russel Sqare tube.  Many dining options close by. British Museum very close.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Excellent location, situated by a Piccadilly line underground station. Rooms are basic and corridor areas tired looking, but the reception and bar areas are bright and modern. Good choice of cooked breakfast, in a very busy dining room. Our room overlooked Russell Square.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay for my birthday,"Stayed here 6-8 October arriving on my 50th birthday.  Reception staff were very welcoming, room very clean.  Had room overlooking Russell Square.  Although there was traffic noise which is to be expected the actual hotel was very quiet.  Was a very useful base for my birthday weekend,  Breakfast was well organised and very nice, staff very attentive.  My only criticism was that there were no mushrooms, but that is just personal preference as I don’t like sausages, beans or tomato so was restricted to egg, bacon and hash browns.  Would certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Basic Hotel, Convenient Location","Have stayed here before and probably will again. Decor a bit tired, TV not working until we moved it's plug, Shower a bit grubby. Room tea and coffee a disgrace - you need to take your own. Free meal on first night deal - OK but very basic and luke warm. Table service for tea and coffee a bit random. Breakfast good. This was a very good hotel but standards are slipping to reach the price bracket. Probably the free meal swung it for us though next time may go for a little higher price to get a better hotel a little closer to the west end. Quite convenient for walking to everywhere we needed - West End, Covent Garden, Hyde Park. Easy walk from Euston station too. Good choice for avoiding the tube in these uncertain times.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A very good base in London,"Excellent location in Bloomsbury within easy walking distance of two tube stations. Car parking on site.  Attractive reception area and bar.  First rate breakfast with very good buffet of hot food, regularly replenished.  Rooms slightly tired but clean. Beds on the hard side and bathrooms a little old fashioned.  Overall excellent value and I recommend for the price",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay ,"This is our 3rd stay at the Imperial hotel and it is always a pleasure  Conveniently situated around the corner from Russell Square tube station. The hotel does have a car park, however didn't use so can't comment on size or cost  As usually we requested an early check in and this was accommodated without fuss. Staff friendly , helpful and check in swift   Breakfast available which is a buffet style, always nice and excellent value for money  Room spacious, comfy bed, good facilities and makes for an enjoyable stat  Lovely hotel, friendly, warm and perfectly situated  Will continue to use this hotel ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - a pleasant hotel,"My wife and I recently stayed here for a long weekend, it's not to far from Euston station, which is where we arrived from. The Hotel is clean and the staff were very helpful. It is well located for all the transport networks, with a tube station just around the back (Russell Square)  Be aware that the hotel shares it's location with the President Hotel at the rear and it can be easy to jump in the wrong lifts. If we had one complaint it was that the room was really too hot with no thermostat to turn down the heat - something that we would welcome on a cold weekend, but with the weather quite cool, it was difficult to rest in the room and we had to go and sit in the foyer. Good facilities on site with a newsagent shop and a coffee shop along with a couple of nice bars. The Hotel…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Overnight Stay,"I had a 1 night stay at the Imperial as a single traveller and was impressed by the accommodation. It is 5 mins from Russell Sq tube station. Staff at Reception and the bar were pleasant. Room was clean, warm and bed comfortable with plenty of towels supplied in the bathroom - I was in a single room on the second floor 202. My room overlooked the back so wasn't annoyed by the traffic. Good water power in the shower. Took me a while to realise the switch beside the bed turns the TV on. Quite a build up of dust on the back of the TV looks like it had not been cleaned in months. There is a casino beside the hotel and paid a visit. It is free to become a member. I just played the slots but there are Roulette and Black Jack tables. The only negative about the Imperial was the…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, very central","After lots of deliberation of where to stay, we decided to stay at the Imperial hotel. This hotel was great. The staff were very friendly. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom had a shower in the bath and was also spacious. The only negative was that there was no air conditioner in the room, which probably wouldnt get used much because of the London weather but when we were there it was quite hot. We booked for the English Breakfast and this was also great. They had scrambled and fried eggs, different breads, cereals, fruits and spreads as well as coffee, tea and juices. It was definitely great value for money. The location of the hotel is right on the piccadily line at the Russel square stop. However if you like walking it is a 5 minute walk from oxford road. Lots of…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than I expected ,I had the pleasure of staying here for 4 nights in September 2017.  Piccadilly Line and Russel Square is the closest tube  From Heathrow its 52 minute tube ride with   22 stations & no changes which is very handy the price was around £9.60 one way on my Oyster card    We got off the Tube at Russel Square and walked out of the front doors of the tube station and turned Left then took our First next Left and walked past the pub on the left and then directly in front of you is the Imperial President Hotel.  Don’t do as we done and go walking around the whole building to gain entrance!!!  Go in via the president hotel and walk through the Atrium Bar & Cafe to the Imperial Reception ( don’t go to the wrong reception )  These hotels are all one building but have different hotel…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A great stay,"Comfortable hotel, near Tube stop Russel Square, it offers a comfortable stay, clean room and very very good breakfast.From my room beautiful view on Russel Square garden and city skyline. Very nice staff, receptionist and waiters over all.  If I'll go back to London, I'll stay back in this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Review ,"Pros Nice big room,pleasant staff ,great breakfast ,good location would use again  ,bars  smart  prices about what you expect ,worth 3.5 stars Cons view wasn't great from room (just your luck I suppose)could do with updating tv seen better days",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but comfortable hotel.,"The hotel is ideally located in Russel Square accessible to all major sights.  Amenities are adequate, rooms are clean and service friendly and caring. Breakfast is free and more than adequate. Although not luxurious it is more able to meet most peoples needs. Note front rooms may be noisy when windows open (no aircon)",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great home away from home,"we just came back from 5 nights in London. we stayed in room number 911 on the top floor facing Russell square and it was fabulous - great view and no noise. the room is pretty out dated, but clean and spacious. the double bed isn't very big, but it was comfortable. the shower was spacious as well but high tub to climb in to and the water tends to switch on its own from cold to hot. the breakfast is very English - no fresh fruit or vegetables, no cheese, no flavored yogurts . but there are eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast with butter and jam. we never left the breakfast room hungry. the staff - were very nice and friendly at all times. we asked for a mini bar in our room - and got it we asked for a high floor - we got it we asked for a view to Russell square - we got it …",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - nice breakfast included with room,"Basic hotel.  It was clean and I thought the beds were comfortable.  Do not expect and American style hotel - the rooms are very small but sufficient for a short stay - after all you are in London, there is no need to be in the room unless you are asleep.  It was great having breakfast available every morning.  There is a HOHO bus stop nearby and the desk staff were very helpful,  I would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Budget Hotel,"This was a clean, convenient basic budget hotel.  We are a family of 3 and stayed 5 nights.  The room was basic but the beds were comfortable.  The bathroom had a full tub and shower which was a bonus in Europe. The staff were helpful and accommodating.  It was a short walk to several restaurants, The British Museum and the tube.  One negative was that there was no air conditioning so we had to leave the window open.  I would stay again but I would request a room that does not face the courtyard.  With the window open, we could clearly hear everything going on in the courtyard including buses arriving/departing with tour groups, rolling luggage across the cobblestone driveway and the people in the pub with the patio on the courtyard.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel with convenient location for tube station,"The Imperial Hotel is a large hotel located in Russell Square and an easy walk from Euston or Kings Cross railway stations. I stayed for two nights having a fully acceptable English breakfast in the large stylish dining room each day. For London, the prices are fairly reasonable.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,We stayed here on a two night break and were very happy with the hotel. The reception staff were very polite as were the cleaning staff. Our twin room overlooked the square and was clean and well equipped. We were able to walk to most places. The breakfast buffet had everything you would want and was very good. The only downside was that the room was hot. We would stay here again.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good location near to the tube station, staff were friendly and the beds were comfortable. It was a little hot in the room and our shower head wasn't secured properly so it wouldn't stay in the holder. We ended up having to stand in the bath and hose ourselves down, not very enjoyable! Staff were very friendly and the breakfast was adequate.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Hotel, convenient for underground","Stayed here for two nights with family in a 3 bedded room. Was in room 909, it was spotlessly clean. It was a good size room for 3 beds and in a quiet spot overlooking the courtyard, which is away from the traffic noise. The bathroom had a bath with a shower over so you had an option, the bathroom was very small, there was only room for one person at a time, when 3 ladies are all trying to get ready at the same time it was a little awkward. In addition another towel rail would have been helpful as the only towel rail was to the left over the sink which did get in the way a little. The toilet was separate so that was a bonus however, if there had been a sink and a mirror in there it would have been better still  as there was plenty of room. All the staff we came into contact with…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good,First night 3 course meal was enjoyable especially the prawn cocktail starter. However set menu foods were limited and the porridge was watery the hotel itself is average shower did not work properly.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I always enjoying staying at The Imperial Hotel. Great views over Russel Square. Excellent location only a few minutes from the tube station and easy walking distance to Euston Rail Station. Good bars, pleasant and comfortable bedroom. Plenty of hot water. Breakfast served in a very magnificent dining room. Stylish carpets give the hotel quite an opulent feel. Meals in the Day and Night Bar are good value and tasty. Some nice pubs close by.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",a god cheap hotel,"very reasonable. one can walk in from Euston station. Came for a conference. helpful staff. Good hearty breakfast. if you stay for two nights, they give you a free dinner voucher that you can use in any of the same group hotels including a n Indian buffet eat as much as you can. Plenty of nice bars around. Drinks are cheap in the adjacent bar of the hotel. They upgraded me to a double room from a single room free and one had a view of Russel street  and the square. clean, practical hotel with polite staff to help you.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel on Russell Square, with strong points","The location on Russell Square can easily reached by Underground from Heathrow Airport, it is within walking distance of Kings Cross St. Pancras, the British Museum and Oxford Street. It doesn’t belong to an international hotel group, but to the Imperial Hotels Group and can be booked through their website. This summer, that had a big advantage: London hotels right now are very well booked, and this causes the international groups to drastically increase prices: my often booked Hilton Hotel in Canary Wharf, where I paid 150 pounds last December, last April gave a price of 424 pounds. The Imperial hotel had an unchanged price of 100 pounds, including breakfast.  The rooms are quite different, depending on whether you book a single or a double room. The double rooms are on the…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You cant go wrong with this hotel.,"Having stayed here a few years ago, my son and I came back down to London to see the museums etc and we decided to stay at the Imperial again. It was a good choice. This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel by any means but for the very reasonable prices the charge I dont suppose you can do any better. The hotel is clean and well looked after, the rooms are good, the showers work etc etc. You even get a complimentary evening meal on your first night which you can have in any of the hotels in the group. My wife and I stayed in the Cavendish in Picadilly a few weeks earlier which is a top hotel and a lot more expensive but it is worth saying that the breakfast in the Imperial compares very favourably with it...the bacon and eggs for example are much better in the Imperial. The attached bar,…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",dependable and well situated,"The Imperial has none of the charm of a boutique hotel or the older Victorian establishments like the Rusell in renovation. It gives you the impression that you're back in the 1çè0s, when it was built. But the room we occupied on the 8th floor three times in a row (once in June I was allocated it for a stay all by myself) is large, well-equipped, and with a fantastic view over Russell Square. The assembly rooms and cafés are very practical, comfortable, and are not pricey at all. Above all, this place is dependable - you know just how much you're going to pay and rates aren't fluctuating from day to day like in many other places. For dinner purposes the Carvery is vert correct, and brekfast is tolerable, especially in view of the fact that it is included, when other places will…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not so sure about this one.,"Hard to sum this hotel up. Quite dated but also has something alluring about it might be the best fit. Scratches on a lot of the walls and needs redecorating. The staff and the way the hotel runs feels like it hasn't been changed since it opened so can be equally sweet and frustrating - you must have a yellow card to get your complimentary dinner and breakfasts. No iron or board in the room, but there is an ironing room. Reception won't book a taxi, but the porters will. 4 places too choose a complimentary dinner from is a big plus. We went to the sister hotel which is part of the same building and all 5 of us really enjoyed it. Drinks in the atrium bar were very cheap and there was a decent atmosphere. The location is excellent, within easy walking reach to Euston, St Pancras,…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the one star,"myself and my mum had a 2 night stay in room 805 which was a twin. The room is very very basic, The bath wasn't cleaned properly you could feel the scum under your feet in the shower, the corners of the bathroom were filthy with dust. The walls of the room were covered in dust. We arrived in the rain so we wanted to put our wet clothes on the radiator, it was caked in dust and was just dirty, we decided against the idea. This hotel is fawlty towers meets the shining. we had the complimentary dinner DONT DO IT!!!!! I't was disgusting, we decided to eat at the imperial and have the carvery, the atmosphere was weird the music was weird. The potatoes and yorkshire pudding was like it went stale from the day before then reheated, the carrots weren't to bad they were edible. I had a…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location and nice room,Was quite convenient location as it's 5 minutes from the underground close to cafes and parks. Room was clean and tidy. Elevators very slow to open and travel.  Wasn't impressed that I paid for an included breakfast and once I checked in I was told that I hadn't and would have to pay extra. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not worthy of 1 star,"Still feeling dirty from my one night stay in the Imperial hotel London.  The word that comes to mind is 'dirty'.  When we approached the reception we thought wow looks lovely, reached level 8 and it turned shabby and smelly.  We were room 805 and as soon as we opened the door was greeted with a smelly public toilet stench. Then the numerous dirty marks and stains on the walls.  The dust was sitting thick on the walls and cobwebs hanging from the corner. There was a decade of dust on the windows and filthy stains on the cushions.  The tv was very tiny but it didn't matter as it didn't work anyway!  The mattress was very small and bouncy - so bouncy my friend fell out while turning over.   The dirt and smell was so bad we decided to take in some sights so walked 20km around…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bring your own spoon,Excellent value for central London. Most convenient for Russell Square and apparently the best in the chain of three hotels in the locality.  The management appear to be efficient but also very frugal.Surely they could have provided a plastic tea spoon?  We opted for a room with a bath; a hook for the bathroom door would have been nice.  The 'Do Not Disturb' sign is so flimsy it swivels around in any draught to read 'Make Up My Room'. I got the impression that most of the hotel relied on one ironing room with one iron.  Solid breakfast with friendly staff.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel great location,"Really nice family room 709. Spacious, clean, separate toilet to bathroom which worked very well. Good selection of food at breakfast. Good toiletries in bathroom. Very pleasant staff, service at breakfast was excellent.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another enjoyable stay,"Having recently stayed at this hotel for the sixth time, and seeing some of the negative reviews about it, we felt a few comments of our own would be in order.  First off, there is no doubt that the location is excellent.   We have never had any complaints about the cleanliness of the rooms and staff have been invariably friendly (or at least polite) and always helpful.  With regards to breakfast, it is true that the food has not changed over the years, but we cannot complain about the quality and cannot recall any hot food ever being cold. However, we feel that insufficient provision is made for anyone wishing a wider variety of food such as cold ham, cheeses, croissants, cakes, etc  We have always stayed in a triple room and cannot complain about its size. That being said, the…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",not assumed friendly - or secure convenient,"The staff is busy with themselves, speaking as few as possible, giving commands like in the military academy. There was never a control who was getting in and out, the access was open even at night!  We had a room in the highest categorie, but old carpets, very old bathtubes and wateroutlets, we never have seen since the last 30 years, no safety box, no refrigerator or minibar, the view is out of the windows into the yard between the two hotels (the better views are out of the smaller and cheaper rooms!). To try the TV is no choise, the cable did not work and the screen ist too small. And the breakfast is unkindly as the waiters (who also spoke mostly with eachother).",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value ,"We have stayed in the President on several occasions so thought we would try the imperial, we had 4 nights and that included breakfast and 1 evening meal to have in 4 other venues, we chose the India buffet, our room was very clean and overlooked the court yard, breakfast was buffet type and plenty of choice, if I had a complaint it would be that the fried eggs were hard, but the rest was good 😊 ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty basic.,"Stayed here for one night.  The hotel staff were lovely and friendly, the hotel is pretty basic.  We were at the front of the hotel so was pretty noisy and the curtains didn't even cover the whole window!! What's that about?  So didn't have the best nights sleep but location is good.  We got breakfast the next day and we had to wait for a table but we didn't wait long and it was all buffet style English breakfast - no complaints.  Would I stay again?  Probably not.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Central hotel,"I stayed here from The 5 th July for a week ...marvellous hotel and transport nearby. The staff were super and were very helpful especially Jerome at the Porter,s desk who went out of his way to help me locate a place ,I needed to get to...I was On the 7 th floor where the maid was so nice and also the male help was so good ..the room was quiet and faced on to the court yard ..clean and comfortable and a few eateries on the premises very handy I will certainly be back when I return to London",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","one week stay, good one","I stayed for a week while attending a conference. The location is really good, near to the tube and of easy access to everywhere. The frontdesk staff were friendly and helpful, very nice indeed. When I needed to call a cab, they helped me out and offered some suggestions on how to reach different places.  Although we had a ""solid"" british breakfast, there is need for improvement. When one stays for several days one must have more variety.  The Cafe is not attractive at all; there is not enough people to attend to you.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location,"Good value in a great location, the location is excellent for walking or using the tube to see the sites. the rooms are basic but very clean. i had a single room at the back so no real noise. staff are very helpful and friendly. breakfast was good but no mushrooms ! a personal preference. the hotel bar was cheaper than most places for a Beer. it was very warm whilst in London and aircon would have been a bonus.overall enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"Stayed here for five nights recently and can only say I was very unimpressed although I have stayed at other hotels in the same group  The lady on reception was good and the room was clean but found the rest of the staff particularly in the breakfast room very unfriendly ,the greeter who showed us to our seats didn't smile once in the whole week ,waiters with coffee and tea instead of patrolling the dining areas were happy to stand and chat among themselves and had to be asked to provide drinks ,Breakfast was buffet style with undercooked bacon and the fried eggs all had hard yolks (even when brought out from the kitchen) I resorted to have a poached egg on a fried breakfast but even that was a a hard boiled yolk . The room we were in was very near a casino and we had the noise…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"We have stayed here on numerous occasions. It is great Value for money. Very well located close to 2 tube stations for ease of getting around the city. Close to Covent Garden and theatre land. The hotel itself is very clean. The beds are very comfortable and there is always plenty of hot water. The entire staff are excellent. Receptionists, porters, cleaners and restaurant staff are all pleasant, polite and only too pleased to be of assistance. Would recommend the Imperial to anybody looking for a great value for money central London Hotel.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value in great location,Great location for getting around on the tube. The staff were pleasant and helpful and the room clean and a reasonable size for a single. My only disappointment about breakfast was no mushrooms but I have found that at many hotels and is more of a personal gripe than a reflection on the hotel. The Imperial Hotel is literally attached to the President Hotel of the same group so there is a good variety of eateries and bars in house. There was some noise from the street which did not bother me particularly but a light sleeper may be advised to ask for a room away from the main road. The Imperial has been added to my list of 'go back to' hotels.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget stay,Great location. Good size room. Pleasant staff and a breakfast included. Tube just round the corner and a park opposite. All this for £140 a night for a twin room in central London in July when Wimbledon was on- a bargain. Will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel and Value.,"The Imperial Hotel is a great place to stay. Great value for money. Pleasant, helpful staff, delicious food, spotlessly clean rooms. Excellent location, near tube station, and within walking distance to Covent Garden and theatres. Would recommend this to anyone, will definitely stay here in the future.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel to stay in,"I loved this hotel.  The location was 2 mins from the Underground and a 10 minute walk to Oxford Street where all the shops are.  I walked to Oxford Street many times.  The rooms are very nice.  Staff were great, had a lovely young Irish concierge who was so helpful and saved me so much time by advising me how to get to the attractions I wanted to see.  He was the most helpful concierge I have ever met in all my travels. He gave me tips and suggestions for getting around.  His friendly helpful attitude put a smile on my face.  The hotel has a bar which is lovely and a restaurant and also an outside bar with bar food.  It had everything I wanted and I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Within easy reach of all the sites,"The Imperial is a great hotel at a reasonable price within easy reach of the West End and all the major attractions. We walked from the hotel to The Strand which took around 10-15 minutes at a leisurely pace. The room was a little tired but perfectly adequate and clean. Breakfast was included and well worth the visit. Our room looked away from Russell Square so was very quiet which is a rareity for central London. All in all, a fab hotel which we'd probably use again",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant value and Great Location,"Warmly welcomed with a big smile and professional check in. Yes rooms are tired and lacking in not having air con . But clean, fair sized, seperate toilet and bathroom is a definate plus. TV with plenty of channels, complimentary wifi was very efficient. Atrium bar was very smart with pleasant efficient staff. Also the day and night bar was friendly, both had excellent standard food choices from hot meals to baggets and salads. All prices were cheap for a hotel in central London. What reasonable hotel does a hot drink for £1.60, a gin and tonic for £4 and sandwiches/baggets from £3 odd? Easy walk from Kings Cross Station, the theatre district, Covent Garden etc. A perfect location. 100 % recommended.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Base for London Sightseeing,"Booked this hotel with Superbreak for 2 nights B&B with the evening meal on the first night included in the price, just had to pay £3.75 for a children's breakfast on both mornings which is very good value for London. The hotel is quite hidden away but only a short walk from St Pancreas station. I was quite surprised when I first walked in as I didn't expect it to be that nice! Staff were all very nice & helpful, the breakfast was good....plenty to choose from. The rooms are basic but we were hardly in them so that wasn't really an issue for us. Also near to Russell Street tube station so easy to get around.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London break,I have stayed at this hotel twice now. Once in 2015 and once in June 2017. On both these occasions the hotel has met every need that i had. On arrival we were checked in promptly and the member of staff who greeted us was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was nice and filled me up for the full day until we had our evening meal. The hotel is very clean and the cleaners were very friendly. Hotel is in a good location with a tube station very close by. Only down side to the hotel is that our room had single glazed windows so can be quite noisy with the hustle and bustle of London but it was fine. My partner and i enjoyed our stay here.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Poor service, Won't go back","Good price, free WIFI in rooms working good, breakfast was fine, few minutes walk from a tube station BUT poor service, rooms have no aircondition, we had some hot days and when I asked for a fan I was told to go pick it up from housekeeping and leave a deposit for it, the receptionist wasn't friendly to say the least, I won't go back.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,I stayed two nights and thought that The Imperial Hotel is very good value. Price included wifi and breakfast. Good location. Very helpful staff. I also enjoyed eating and drinking in The Atrium Bar and Cafe where there was a very nice ambiance.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value city stop over,"I got a very good price at a busy time of year in London at the Imperial Hotel. Good location for theatres, Covent Garden and shopping, although I was going to an event in Hyde Park so got a cab (£20). There is a very convenient underground car park. Friendly reception staff. The rooms were basic but clean. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good, convenient and value for money",We stayed for one night to be close to St Pancras Station. A short walk from the Tube Station the Imperial served a purpose very well. The helpful staff were the best feature of the hotel but a clean comfortable room and a substantial breakfast were other benefits. The hotel is in central London so some traffic noise is inevitable but it is surrounded by a host of places to eat and drink to suit all budgets. The hotel is not five star luxury but great for a stop over. I definitely would use it again.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",35 degrees outside and no airconditioning,"The best thing about our stay was Linda, one of the delightful reception team, who took pity on us for being offered in a south-facing room in full sun with not even a fan - it was too hot to sit in, let alone sleep in - and relocated us a cooler room really designed for disabled guests, though it didn't seem to me to have many modifications - possibly not enough for someone with real mobility issues. It was still terribly hot, and ironically overlooked a bank of noisy air-con equipment cooling someone else but keeping us awake. The furniture was neat, but the bed, although wide, was really hard. The breakfast was badly cooked, and although the tables are separated our fellow-guests were literally two inches from us. The best part of the hotel is the lovely Atrium bar, cool and…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A decent hotel for the cost,We stayed here for 3 nights over the weekend as a base for a long weekend in London. It cost us about £20 for a black cab from Paddington (£13 for a Uber going back ) The hotel is very close to the underground station which is on the Picadilly line.  We checked in quickly and the staff were chatty and attentive. Our room was very spacious (executive twin)  The beds were pretty uncomfortable tho as in they were quite firm but plenty of pillows. Wardrobe was small and only a handfull of hangers available. The bathroom was fine but the shower head wouldn't stay up so ended up showering whilst holding it (complimentary shower gel/shampoo and soap) and nice towels. The room overlooked the back of another hotel and there was also some noisy machinery outside which ment we couldn't…,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It will do,The service at the reception and breakfast was excellent. The breakfast it self had a good selection of traditional English breakfast. The room and cleaning of them was less than desired.It was nothing obvious but the general feeling of the cutting corners.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Reception staff and Brakfast good, accommodation TERRIBLE !!!!!","I stayed in the Hotel for one night on Saturday 20th May 2017  The reception staff and the quality of  the breakfast were good, however the room - No. 214 was Terrible as it overlooked one of the busiest roads ( Southampton Row) in the area as it was immediately above a traffic light monitored yellow box junction where traffic screeched to a halt and nosily accelerated away from the junction.  The windows appeared to be metal and provided no insulation from the noise and the curtains failed to close properly which afforded the light to stream in at 5am.  I returned to the room at 9pm on Saturday evening to discover that the room temperature was uncomfortably cold - at 11.8c. There was no thermostat control on the radiator which was obviously cold.  I contacted the reception to…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location...a great hotel to conveniently tour London!",For the active tourist this has to be one of the best situated hotels in London. It is within 3 minutes of the underground and bus stops. Taxi's also seemed to arrive within 5 minutes of calling them and within easy walking distance of all the major tourist attractions.  Rooms a a good size an all the amenities are as high quality as you would expect from this group of hotels. The reception concierge staff are wonderful and any request is no trouble for them. They even ensure that you get the taxi you ordered and stop queue jumpers - which is great if you are heading to the West End for a night out. The cafe just behind reception is a step back in time to the 30's and a most pleasant reprieve from the outside world. A word of warning on the room service - don't. We we asked if…,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We stayed at the Imperial for 5 nights in June.  It was extremely well-situated and had easy access to buses and tubes.  The room (we chose an executive double) was spacious and very clean.  Staff were very helpful and pleasant.  The bars are calm and not too expensive, although the young bar lady didn't know how to make a cocktail (she was training), we got there in the end.  Breakfast was formulaic, but a good start to the day and the waiting staff were polite and attentive.  We discovered the local area which is not as frantic as Mayfair, and Brunswick Place, a short walk away, is a haven of peace with restaurants and shops.  There are lots of reasonable restaurants in the vicinity  - apart from breakfast we didn't dine at the hotel.  I would recommend the hotel to anyone…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel but needs a few tweaks,"I stayed at this hotel less than a week ago when I visited Britain. Excellent hotel for the most part with VERY decent and helpful staff. They were terrific when I asked to change rooms to get a better view. My only complaint is that the breakfast room serves canned fruit instead of fresh fruit. Having said that, very nice place and I'll probably stay there again when I'm back in the UK laster this year.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good value,"This hotel has a great location a few streets away from Tottenham Court Road, and the front rooms overlook Russell Square.  Considering the central location it is very quiet within the hotel.  The entrance is impressive in a little courtyard, and the lobby is welcoming with its beautiful chandeliers and wooden panelling.  The rooms are very clean but basic, and have tea/coffee making facilities, a hairdryer and a trouser press. Breakfast is provided and this is served in another impressive room, with everything you could need.  My only quibble was there was no non-dairy spread provided as standard, only butter.  Overall a great value for money hotel in a super location.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Minimal but very doable,"(The next few reviews around Europe are specifically from a Contiki Tour I recently did, so unfortunately I didn't stay long in them.)  Located in Covent Garden near the train station, I was able to walk to the hotel in 3-4 minutes. It's also not too far from local landmarks such as Big Ben, London Eye, or Westminster Abby.   The hotel has at least two entrances. I believe I walked in through another hotel lobby and through a bar to get there. The bar was quite upbeat during happy hour and looked comfortable.   I stayed one night in a double single bed room with a fellow contiki traveller. The beds were not the comfiest and kind of slid around a bit but given the location and cost it wasn't so bad. Only reaI suggestion I have is buy thicker pillows. So perhaps you travelers may…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for a cheap price,"The Imperial hotel is definitely good value for money, since it was very cheap. The hotel itself isn't anything amazing but it's in a great location. If you want to stay in central London, I recommend this hotel, because this was the cheapest one I could find that was in the centre. Russell Square is right next to the hotel, metro station is just 100 metres away, and there are some good restaurants, shops and pubs right around the corner.  The rooms were actually quite big and had all the basic features. There was no air conditioning, so it was quite hot, but opening the windows helped. Our room wasn't next to the noisy road, so it was quiet. The English breakfast was also quite good, and it was included in the price.  Overall I do recommend this hotel if you want to stay in…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,The hotel looks very nice downstairs at reception and the indoor and outdoor bars but rooms are very basic and look nothing like the advertised photograph of the room. The staff at reception were rude and unfriendly. The breakfast was alright but again the staff were very unfriendly.The location is good but I booked this hotel with Superbreak and did not feel that it was good value.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",What more could you want?,"My partner (a previous guest here) and I chose this hotel as a base due to its location so we could show my (almost 18 year old) son the sights of our capital City. We arrived on the Tuesday afternoon having grabbed a black cab and paid £12.90 from Paddington Rail Station. The various 'hop on, Hop off' sightseeing bus services leave about 100 metres from the Hotel front door. My partner had given me a run down of the hotel which left me slightly wondering whether we'd made the right decision!! I'm glad to report I needn't have worried, we arrived to a cheerful welcome from the staff at reception and were processed speedily and made our way to our room. I quickly realised that the hotel exceeded my expectations. We'd booked a family room having established that neither my son nor…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Food .,"My partner and I checked into this hotel for his clubs dinner .They hired a room we had an amazing dinner .Food was to a high standard all fresh produce. Unfortunately for myself I have an allergic reaction to Salmon .The staff were most helpful and found me an alternative. The staff at reception in the bars and breakfast room ,were extremely helpful .Great customer service keep up the good work. Our room was on the top floor room nice and clean we had coffee tea milk sugar to help ourselves to . I used trivago to book my hotel and got a good price .We had a lovely full English breakfast included in our price.I would definitely stay here again .Lots of facilities including a casino.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A weekend at Wembley,"Enjoyed a one night stay here for a football match.  Large room, comfortable beds, clean bathroom.  Breakfast was good as was the bar.  Location excellent, easily walkable to Covent Garden where the other fans had invaded.  Would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Chelsea Flower Show Visit,I often stay in hotels around Russell Square and for this years visit decided to choose the Imperial as it was named as the groups flagship hotel. I was disappointed however ! It's ok but nothing special. The room was clean and tidy and the bed was comfortable. The shower in the bathroom was connected to the taps and it was virtually impossible to get a steady temperature flow. The window was old and fails to keep out the noise of a busy city. There was a good selection of food provided for breakfast. Staff were cheerful and helpful. Having being out exploring on Sunday and arriving back at 10.30 I found the classy Atrium Bar had finished serving. There is another bar but it is far from comfortable so I bought a drink and took it into the Atrium Bar. I feel that residents…,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced & Run-down Hotel!,"The hotel has NO AC! The few nights we stayed there was brutally hot, no mini fridge or safe in the room either! The shower head was a mess, as soon as you turn it on, it sprayed water everywhere. The breakfast was all processed can food & the servers were unfriendly. Toilet paper holder fell off & drop the TP on the floor every time you use it. The entire hotel needs a major overhaul in everything!",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,Had a great weekend at the Imperial Hotel. The hotel is very well located with Covent Garden and Oxford Street within easy walking distance and it was also only a short walk from King's Cross. The tube station is just around the corner making this an ideal base for exploring London. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The Atrium bar served very good coffee and the Day and night bar is very popular. The breakfast was adequate. The rooms are clean and the beds are very comfortable. The traffic is rather noisy but this is central London. It was possible to leave your luggage on the day of departure for a small charge of 50p. I would recommend the hotel to friends. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","A find! Great experience, great value for money","This hotel was a real find, a pleasant surprise all over. From the arrival: about 200m from Russel square tube station (direct train from Heathrow), you enter a courtyard where you find the reception. Nice large reception with a very pleasant welcome and speedy check-in. A few meters away the elevators that took me to the 7th floor in record time.   The room was nice, clean and filled with light. It had everything I needed for my short business trip - comfortable bed and mattress, desk, fast wifi, closets and a good bathroom. The room was quiet, facing the rear of the hotel. I could open the windows for fresh air. If you are picky you could complain about too much sun midday, but who stays in a hotel room in london midday anyway? If it bothers you close the curtains. Going down…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Large room with two sinks in the en suite,We stayed in an executive room for three nights in May 2017. The room was very large and well appointed and even had two sinks in the en suite. The staff were excellent especially on reception and consequently booking in and out was a pleasure. The bed in the room was very comfortable but there was a mechanical noise each night from somewhere on the hotel site that could inconvenience light sleepers.The lifts are extremely efficient and you never have to wait very long for a lift to take you to the floor you require. The breakfast is a long way from perfect but it is cooked well and there is plenty of it and the staff are very attentive. The bacon is cooked in such a way as it all sticks together and if you want one slice you could end up with three or four! The scrambled egg…,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Not the worst, but not the best either","If all you're looking for is a bed for the night in a good location then for the price this is a decent shout. Handy for the West End, and equally as handy for both Heathrow and Gatwick, and only a 2 minute walk from Russell Square Underground station. There is a good number of eating establishments in the vicinity of the hotel, and if you're feeling energetic, then the likes of Covent Garden aren't too far away on foot.  That's the good.   I had a single room, and it was compact. It was also very warm as there doesn't appear to be any air conditioning anywhere. The room was also very noisy at night - it wasn't street noise as my room didn't overlook the street, nor was it internal noise from within the hotel - whatever it was outside the window made a lot of noise. Lack of…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but okay hotel ,"The hotel itself is in a great location and only 10 minutes walk from oxford street etc however the hotel needs a bit of improving. There was work getting carried out on the hotel when we went, the rooms were average and the shower and bathroom was okay. Breakfast was really good but when we went we had to share a table with another family. Still had a good holiday though. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Meets Basic Needs!,"This hotel is great for basic needs. My friend and I travelled here in September 2012. It was our first time east of the Atlantic. This hotel has seen better days BUT it is close to the metro line, the British Museum (which is free), and the beds were comfortable when we stayed. This hotel is also fairly quiet and close to a couple good restaurants. There is also a little market that happens regularly at one of the little shopping malls not too far away from this hotel. Breakfast was traditional with beans, ham, sausage, fruit, an assortment of carbs, water and juice.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel but a good location,We stayed at this hotel as part of a trip to see a show in he West End.  The location was great - only 15 minutes to theatre land.  Unfortunately we found the hotel was in need of some updating.  The room was in need of decorating although the facilities were all there.  Breakfast was disappointing.  The tables are too close together to have any sort of private conversation and the food was fairly average.  The restaurant manager was not friendly and didn't care for the customers.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend stay - Good,"We stayed for 3 days = 2 nights.  We ate in their restaurant the first night, which was a complimentary 3 course carvery.  Services and facilities were good and clean, but nothing was exceptional.  Was what we needed, so adequate.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,I stay here for two nights over the weekend it was lovely staff are friendly and willing to help room was ok had a single room and it was very warm in here and you can only open the window a little but would stay here again ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A convenient hotel,"Spent 5 nights here for business. It is not a fancy hotel but it is clean, user friendly and in a very convenient location - right next to Russell Square station on the Piccadilly line.  I didn't eat or drink at any of the bars or restaurants other than the included breakfast which was good. Staff were helpful when I asked questions about trains, flight check in etc. Check in and check out was very easy. They stored luggage for us on the last day for a small fee. I have never had to pay for this before but perhaps its a London thing?",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A disappointing London trap,"Sadly this Hotel, like many others in the capital is expensive and doesn't live up to its price tag. It comes across as a Hotel that is trading on its glory days and is vastly under invested in. I can forgive the dark tired reception, the thin, undersized duvet, the single bedside cabinet in a double room, the lack of air-conditioning and even the mediocre breakfast (I've seen more choice in a B&B in Clacton!), but the totally uninterested and unmotivated staff were embarrassing. Breakfast was a bun-fight with little staff interaction and the lounge service felt as though you were intruding on a staff meeting. Try charging a drink to your room and see how far you get, even if you have set up credit.  The location is great for travelling down from The Midlands, but I feel that I…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disability Conference,"I was on third floor front of hotel and the noise was horrendous!.The room and bed linen was clean but little irritating things, such as no intructions for odd TV(necessitated call to desk), no coffee, curtains didn't fit so room was draughtyetc. Some staff good, others aloof. Breakfast tried to cram you into their rows to eat rather than at the side tables, this was for their convenience and not the guests, Bar and food bar not suitable for people with mobility issues, no access from inside, no wheelchair ramps.We had to go out of the hotel and round to a different entrance, in the poring rain and splashed by passing traffic. Once inside, if you cannot go up the 3 steps to the bar you will have to pay by cash ( who carries cash?) as there is no portable card machine. That…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Family stop.,"Stopped at this hotel with family whilst my grandson was in Great Ormond street hospital for an operation. I first tried to book it over the phone with central reservations, after several minutes it was obvious that I was wasting my time due to the difficulty understanding the lady's language. I resorted back to booking on line, 2 twin rooms, 1 with a cot for my 3months old granddaughter. The room given to my daughter in law and the baby was found to be directly over a casino! No mention of the casino on the website and noise coming from the people leaving right though out the night. A good hotel but with bad information about this casino. And why would you put a 3 month old baby in such a room? Overall a very very poor service and allocation of rooms. So please be aware of this…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",no sleep :(,"The hotel itself is really nice, the staff were friendly and helpful the rooms were basic but clean and the breakfast was really nice, The location is great for getting to convent garden, Leicester square etc..  Unfortunately we was put in room 316 which was over looking Russel square, the traffic is horrendous, i no this is no fault of the hotels but there windows need replacing as its not fair on guests who are paying to sleep in a room that you cannot sleep in due to the noise outside. it was so loud i felt i was sleeping on the street at side of the road and it never stopped, i was pacing the hotel room at 3am, i didnt want to go out of my room and disturb anyone in the middle of the night so i put my tv on to try drown out some noise and manged to get an hours sleep before…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",better than expected,"stayed for one night and we were pleasantly surprised by this hotel.It is a very good 3 star tourist hotel and does not pretend to be anything else, it is a little worn in places but giving the amount of people through its doors every year it is well kept and well maintained. Our room was a good size, bright, clean and comfortable and had everything we needed, there was a little traffic noise from the road but not bad enough to stop us sleeping. The Atrium bar was a pleasant area but and the night and day bar was also good and bar prices are very reasonable for central London. Breakfast was great, they now have toast machines so no cold toast anymore as some reviewers have reported. Staff were friendly and professional, previously we have stayed at a radisson edwardian nearby…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean but dated room, good English breakfast","Stayed here for 4 nights in 8th floor room overlooking Russell Sq. Good service in their restaurants with friendly attendants especially in the Pub. No room A/C but was't needed in April. Better then average large English hotel, a bit shabby but comfortable and next door to the Rus Sq underground station on the Piccadilly Line which goes directly to Heathrow. I've stayed there 3 times and keep returning. Price is average for London which is high by international standards.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"lovely hotel for short break,  rooms overlooking Russell Square gardens. Breakfast very good too. Location is its best feature as its around the corner from Russell Square tube station and a short walk to Oxford Street. Would definitely return when visiting London again.(belongs to a chain of 4 hotels all close by) Bar prices very good compared to other bars in London !!.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Handy for tube and buses,"Friendly hotel ,very clean , just wish the roast potatoes better taste and more selection of veg in the dinning room , if you want English tea in the breakfast room mornings you need to ask for it, wether it's the same in other London hotels, I don't know",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing ,"Been to London with my sister this weekend and we decided to treat ourselves to 1st class train travel and an executive room at the Imperial. Don't bother upgrading the rooms really aren't executive! Basic rooms with the addition of a sofa which had rubbish/nuts down the side of the cushions. Coffee table still had coffee stains on  it, plug for TV didn't work and the bathroom was very tired looking and in need of an update.  No decaf coffee was in the room so went to reception to ask for some and was told they didn't have it but could buy some from the bar. At breakfast we asked for decaf and got a pot of hot water and decaf sachets so they did have it just not in reception. Mentioned this on check out and receptionist just said that of we were there more than one night we…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just what you need,"I stayed in thus hotel for 2 nights on a cheap weekend away. I found the hotel to be very quiet, clean, good quality bed linen and towels, it is also ideally located 10 min walk from Euston station, 2 min walk from Russel Square tube station. My room was on the 7th floor which has its own lift, it looks and feels like the service elevator however you can also take the regular lifts to the 6th floor and walk up one flight. I did not find it an issue. My room overlooked onto Russell Square and it was a nice single room with good views over the park and beyond.   The staff in the hotel were very helpful none more so than at breakfast time. The choice is not vast, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, lovely hash browns, beans, toast scrambled or fried eggs all cooked to perfection, there was…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Value, clean hotel.","Although the hotel decor is dated, the rooms seem to have been refurbished recently and were clean and comfortable.   The bathroom was clean and free from mould and had a full supply of towels and toiletries. Bed was comfortable and with clean bedding. Buffet breakfast was OK standard - up to 'Wetherspoon standards'.  If you are looking for a modern boutique hotel then its not for you. If your on a budget, then worth considering.  For the price I paid it was good value and yes I would go again.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",lovely short break,Friendly staff. Clean room. Very handy for tube and attractions. The view from our hotel at the front was across Russell square. The tube station was just around the corner. Our stay included a full breakfast. The hotel was a 5 min walk from Kings cross. The reception staff were very helpful and although we arrived early our room was ready so we were able to off load our luggage into the room.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to scratch!,"Had a twin room, was advised it would be a quiet room overlooking the courtyard but was overlooking the main road & far from quiet! Room was clean but very, very tired. Curtains were half hanging off the rail (had to trap the curtain in the window to get it closed!), stool broken, beds moved everytime you moved - as in away from the wall! Seriously lacking tea & coffee facilities (a teabag & a sachet of coffee each only), no local information or hotel information (no menus for 3 bars on premises etc.) in the room which would have been useful for planning meals & trips on our visit. Breakfast was cold - the hot buffet wasn't & as a result the eggs were rubbery, definitely not runny, & the hash browns took some chewing! Cereal was OK though! Wouldn't plan another stay, I do need…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",oh dear!,"Up front... this is a reasonably priced hotel and usually includesFull English Breakfast. It is just on the edge of all the London attractions. 15 minute walk from Kings Cross and even less from St Pancreas and Euston. The staff are friendly and welcoming. Thats the good stuff over with.... Look its cheap and if your on a budget then you may be prepared to suffer what comes next. This is an old hotel that desperately needs renovation. It smells old, paint work and decorations are all in bad state of repair, carpets are looking thin and even the beautiful Chesterfield sofas in the entrance are shot. Even when you look at the hotel the entire fascia needs renovating. The rooms are equally looking tired but they are at least clean. My bathroom was awful with mould around the…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, great staff but in desperate need of upgrading.","The hotel is in a great location if you are a tourist or in London on business. The staff are very courteous and the hotel was generally clean. They offer an excellent breakfast choice from continental options to full English buffet style, so if you like a big breakfast you are able to pile that plate high!  The bedroom had a very comfortable bed and lovely pillows. I slept so well but the whole hotel is like stepping back in time. The rooms need an upgrade.  The breakfast room is very grand and when I was there it was full of Russians. I did feel as if I was an extra in a Bond film.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"I really enjoyed my stay here, the service was very good, people were very nice, the location is great, near subway, very close to British Museum, I will recommend to anyone to come here, they will have a pleasant staying ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for London,"Eight of us went for a long weekend & it was good value as we had a discount. The room was a good size & clean & had a large comfortable  bed. However, it was due for a re-furb with threadbare carpet & with no heating thermostat, it was either on or off with the heating. The breakfast was the usual do it yourself affair with of course the toaster queue & putting it through twice!! Strangely for a London hotel, not much in the way of a continental breakfast. Good as a base but could do better.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"This hotel is alright. It does what it needs to do.  It is in a great location which is a positive.  However, the staff need some training as to customer service and politeness.   The rooms are clean and provide what is needed, I found the bed comfortable and the room was very clean.  However, the music playing at an obscene level to 1am was ridiculous. I was on the 8th floor and could not sleep until it finished so I feel for the guests on the lower floors.  I was there on a course so really could have done with some sleep.  The bar area is nice, it is table service, though I failed to get served until I got up and went to the bar myself. Which isn't a problem, but I was advised it was table service when I walked in and the bar was empty so I couldn't see why I wasn't being…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay,My mum and dad stopped here for a long weekend whilst sight seeing in London. Food nice room clean and comfortable. Overall a nice stay.  Prime location in russels square. Plenty of character inside the hotel.  ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Love this hotel!,"I've stayed at this hotel twice now, once in 2014 and again this year, and each time they seem to improve greatly. This chain of hotels is very well known and quite popular and having previously stayed at the Tavistock, I had initially had low expectations for this hotel, however, it has quickly become my go-to place.  The hotel is in a very central area of London: Russell Square which is a 10 minute tube-ride to Oxford Street and a 20 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus. The hotel offers free breakfast every morning which is buffet-style, and a complimentary dinner on the first night of your stay. The food is great and the choice of food leaves you going back to try everything.  The rooms are quite a good size and are kept very clean. The bathrooms are also extremely clean and…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Staff are very willing to assist in any way. Nice rooms, good views on to the square.Nice hot breakfast presented buffet but staff assist if needed. good location to tube and easy walk to tourist interests. Just around corner from British Museum",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"On the plus side the hotel is in a good location with easy access to the west end and tourist sites, it's clean and staff are good.  On the minus side the breakfasts are lukewarm at best and some decoration / renovation required in some areas. For a long weekend break with no frills it's ideal.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,We visited London as a family. This hotel is ideally situated very close to the underground on the Piccadilly line only one stop from Kings Cross. We arrived early in the morning and left our luggage in the hotel until we returned later. The rooms were clean and the bathroom towels were beautifully white. Soaps and shampoos were provided along with tea making facilities. We went in to breakfast early on the Sunday morning. The food was varied and plentiful. There were ample cereals and fruit then the normal full English on offer. Tea and coffee was served at the table and plentiful. You could make your own toast with jams and marmalade on the table. We have stayed at this hotel before and would definitely stay again. Good location and good value for money. Well done Imperial…,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"Great location in the city centre, just perfect for a quick escape to London. Rooms are just ok, but right for the price. I have to thank the staff for being so kind to me and let me change the room for another one I liked more. It was a lovely weekend!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Getting better,"We have used this hotel many times and always told everyone that it is an average hotel with a poor breakfast but in a good location. What a change this time around, the breakfast has much improved and is as good as any. The quality and variety have both improved a lot. Well done",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate but not fantastic ,"A big hotel.  It's old, well worn and used. However it's not expensive by London standards so at a mid to low price it's great. Very clean and a very central location near the tube.   Rooms are large. To is very small for such a big room ! ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dated hotel and all I could smell was fried food,"The hotel is dated the room was clean and arrival the staff were friendly however the smell of the breakfast cooking at 4am woke me up I think we were above the kitchens. The view was well of nothing. Also the breakfast was not good at all, the sausages were undercooked, the beans tasted strange I don't think I would stay here again you can go to a travel lodge and get much better quality...",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel accessible for the tourist,"My wife and I had a very comfortable room on the top floor with a fine view of the newly green Russell Park.  The hotel offered a good restaurant-pub, a convenient coffee shop, a store (where it was possible to update our Oyster), and a lounge-bar area.  Access to the Underground was easy as was access to several bus lines.  The concerge service was both friendly and efficient.  Breakfasts were typical British fare.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Large Comfortable Room,"The Imperial is the flagship of the Imperial chain and, as such, is more expensive than the others we have stayed in. We chose an Executive room because we wanted something a little more special since we were celebrating our anniversary. The room was the largest we have stayed in on our many travels and was comfortable. Apart from the breakfast room all the other facilities were shared with The President Hotel next door. Our only suggestions for an improvement to what was available would be that, since this was an 'Executive' room, the bathroom toiletries could have been a more imaginative package and the provision of tea, coffee, milk etc., in the bedroom ought to be less miserly",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend treat,"We stayed at this hotel ,for a long weekend,  last week with friends to celebrate a special birthday and our wedding anniversary. The hotel was really nice. We were given an upgrade to a superior room which was a lovely surprise and what a great room it was ! The large bathroom with twin basins, bath with shower above was spotlessly clean at all times. Large bed in nice airy room with sofa and coffee table to sit and watch to and relax after all the walking that we did seeing the sites! The sofa is a sofa bed which I presume could be utilised to make it a family room. The only downside was that the wardrobe was very small and short on hangers, might be an idea to take your own hangers!  There is super bar at the front of the hotel where you can sit on the veranda with a long…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The best location if you plan to walk to Covent Garden or hop on the tube. Reasonably priced bar and nice for a late night snack e.g. The nachos. The staff were friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, the hotel needs refurbishment and our family room smelt unpleasant. We were at the back of the hotel  but didn't get much sleep because of the generator. We stayed at this hotel 6 years ago and found it good value for money but unless the rooms were updated we wouldn't stay here again. When we checked out, we were asked if everything was ok and I said the room smelt . Even though we asked for it to be cleaned again it still made no difference.  we were told that we could leave our cases for free instead of paying £2  for the inconvenience. Wow i was blown away lol .",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",City Break,"My wife and I stayed at the Imperial Hotel for two nights, Friday through Sunday (Room 437). On check-in we were informed we had been upgraded to a suite with twin beds and seating area. The room was large, very well appointed and clean with comfortable firm beds. The bathroom had a bath and excellent shower and twin wash-basins and was very clean with plenty of towels. The only niggle was that the main large pivoting double-glazed window would not close properly making the noise of the hotel air-conditioning quite intrusive. There are plenty of in-house restaurants and a carvery to choose from, plus the very good ""Day & Night Bar"" along the street frontage. The main lounge and bar on the ground floor is very good with live (piano) music and there is a cocktail bar on the first…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Price and location,"Staying near Russel sq is an excellent choice if on business or just visiting. Lots of nice restaurants, pubs and small stores nearby. Also Russel sq tube and Holborn is within easy walking distance. Imperial is one of several similar hotels around Russel sq, owned by the same Company. The buildings look like really terrible from the outside, but really nice inside. Big lobby with friendly staff working to give a good customer experience. Had a room on 8th floor facing the courtyard, so it was quiet and I slept well. Room was relatively small, but I was not there to stay inside. Furniture is pretty much standard for a budget hotel, so nothing much to say about that. Breakfast is served in a really big restaurant and its well prapared to cater for lots of guests. Food is of basic…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel.,"On Friday the 31st of March, I checked in the Imperial Hotel for two nights. I was given a lovely en-suite room, which was overlooking the court yard.  Not only was breakfast included with the price of the hotel, I was also given two vouchers, which provided me with a free meal on both nights I stayed in the hotel.  After a peaceful night's sleep on both nights I went to the dining room and had a superb breakfast.    Unfortunately, the hotel didn't provide evening meals, however there was a choice of hotels within the Imperial Hotel Group, where the vouchers could be used.   I chose to eat in the President Hotel, although I only saw the dining room of the hotel, I was very impressed with what I saw.  I was also impressed when I saw the menu. There was a choice of 4 starters,…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but bed bugs.","Like stated in the title the best thing about this hotel is the location, super close to Russell Square Station, restaurants and if you're on a Contiki tour, the basement is a 5 minute walk. The major disappointment was the room, it was tiny and very outdated. This was the first night of my holiday and I ended up getting 5 bed bug bites, which definitely wasn't a great start to my holiday.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location. Outdated Rooms.,"When booking my recent trip to London with Superbreak, I had the choice between this hotel or the President (the hotel joined on next door) However, as we have stayed at the President before, and the Imperial was a bit more money, I thought id splash out and go for the nicer hotel...  All the staff were friendly and helpful, and the location is fantastic with Russell Square tube station just round the corner. Unfortunately It was our room that let this place down.  First off the room was boiling, with no fan or air con. The windows were very old and did not shut easily, when they were closed, as it wasn't double glazing you could still hear all the traffic and noise outside on a night. The beds were on castor wheels that moved about each time you moved. My mattress was awful, it…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Basic Rooms, but Great Location and Nice Staff","Every year the 8th grade class of my daughter's school travels from Houston to London the week before Spring Break. This is the second year they have stayed at the Imperial. I can see why. The staff is very nice and the breakfast, though not fancy, is plentiful. The rooms are fine for students.  That is the backstory for why I booked a triple room for 3 additional nights for her, a sibling and me who arrived at the end of the school trip. For the activities we had planned it was an ideal location. In fact, we didn't begin the exhaust the potential things to-do-and-see.  It was also near a self-serve laundry which came in very handy for my 8th grader's accumulated dirty clothes! Additional Pros: I found the WiFi to be very consistent. More or less the large room served as a…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in Central London,Conveniently situated near to the Russell Square Underground with convenient bus routes into Trafalgar Square and central London. Chose the hotel for a four night break. We are still her leaving tomorrow 31 March 2017. We were offered a good package in an Executive room overlooking the court yard. Initially disappointed not to be overlooking Russell Square Gardens but Southampton Row (the main road) is very busy throughout the day and night. Our room is spacious and bright and quiet. We have found all the staff very helpful at all times. We will be sorry to leave but will return on our net visit to London. We were here for sightseeing and theatre visits. Excellent base. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Customer Service,"I was so grateful to the staff at the Imperial Hotel who held a package for me after I had checked out. They held it for about a week until I was in London again and I was so grateful; they really went above and beyond for me. The rooms are clean and comfortable and they are a good value for central London. There are restaurants and amenities all around this location and a quick walk to the tube. The rooms were very quiet and we hardly heard any city nor hotel noise. We had our rooms booked through Contiki but I found out afterwards it would have been cheaper to book direct with the hotel and it would have included breakfast, as the Contiki deal did not include any.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Room spotless,"The hotel looks very dated when you walk in because of the counter but hey who cares about that. The guy on Reception was very courteous.  The room was spotless and sheets lovely and crisply pressed.  Cannot fault it at all. The breakfast was not that good, some of the bacon was uncooked, the scrambled egg was swimming and the toast was soggy - a typical canteen breakfast.  One of the guys serving the coffees had a moan as it was bright sunlight and my daughter asked if she could pull the voile curtain across.  However,at the end of the day we just wanted a clean room and comfortable bed to put our heads down at the end of a busy day and this totally met our needs.  It also had three beds which was ideal for my husband, myself and daughter.  Would definitely go back but would…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central London Hotel,"I have stayed at this hotel before but not sure if i had posted a review. Its very centrally and conveniently located hotel overlooking russel square. The rooms are average but good for a few days stay. Lots of eating place nearby and the tube station is very close too. Given the price its a very good deal, that too in central London",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,Our hotel was just round the corner from this one so called in for a drink.was impressed with the bar area so decided to go for our evening meal. Was not disappointed. More food than we could eat. Lovely  carvery. Starters and desserts were huge.will stay in this hotel next time in London.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2 thumbs up for location ...,"Check-in was messy (they gave me the wrong room key card), housekeeping never returned a phone call request, the room was clean but there was peeling paint on the ceiling....so not the best experience overall.  But the location can't be beat- close to the tube and the British Museum.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Midweek trip,"I have stayed in the hotel before and for the price offers great value. The location firstly is brilliant, close to an underground station and an easy walk from Euston. Walking distance to the West End and Theatreland. Plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby.  The reception area is lovely and spacious and the staff there were very efficient and friendly. I know from experience the single rooms aren't brilliant, however there was a single bed, TV,hairdryer,  tea making and a very functional bathroom.  Breakfast in the cavernous dining room was certainly adequate. Fresh fruit, cereals and a hot buffet. The toast is ready made but does tend to be soggy. Tea/coffee served at the table.  I will use this hotel again and find it excellent value for my needs",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Most uncomfortable single rooms,Stayed there for 3 nights in February. Sleeping in the provided bed was a challenge. The bed was so small I couldn't fit in it. Woke up twice in the middle of the night because I was about to fall over. The mattress was so bad it gave the impression it will fall off the bed as it was a bit larger than the bed frame. Tried to seep only on the mattress and only on the bed frame but the addition to comfort was almost zero. I would have slept on the floor but the remaining free space in the room was not sufficient for an adult person to lay down. It was by far the worst room I ever stayed in.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Still not ideal,"I have stayed at the Imperial in the past. It never provides 'wow moments' but it is well placed for many London attractions. It is also near Russell Square underground and has buses passing by regularly.   The rooms are adequate but spare. No extras such as a bottle of water or a welcoming bursitis. The breakfast was a disappointment. Bowls of clearly tinned oranges and grapefruit plus juice-less prunes. Porridge was available this time except it had virtually no oats in it and would have been better poured into a cup and drunk. The toast is nothing more than slightly brown, rather soggy bread. One wonders it the management have ever tried it. The hotel could do a lot better  if customer satisfaction was paramount",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Good value,This was our second stay at the Imperial booked as part of a Superbreak deal. The hotel is a little 'tired' but very clean. All staff were welcoming and cheerful. Breakfast hit the spot and set us up for the day. The Night and Day bar offers excellent value for central London.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay in Russell Square,"A great place to stay as its in easy walking distance of the Thames and some shows. The hotel is clean, tidy and the staff are very friendly and helpful. It has a restaurant which supplies a really great breakfast but unfortunately it does not do other meals. However there are lots of great restaurants around and close to Russell Square so plenty of places to eat and lots to do.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great staff","The Imperial Hotel is in a great location, being a couple of minutes walk away from Russell Square tube station.  There are a variety of shops, cafes and restuarants within walking distances and Russell Square park is opposite.  I stayed in a single room overlooking the park - for those of you who are light sleepers, ask for rooms overlooking the court yard which will be quieter.  The room has a shower/bath combo, tea/coffee making facilities, towels, hair dryer and toiletries.  There is a cafe serving drinks from dawn til dusk, as well as a restaurant.  The hotel is linked to 5 other hotels nearby, where you can also eat.  The rooms are a good size for London.  The staff are extremely helpful and as a single traveller, I always feel safe.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","comfortable, value for money, friendly helpful staff","A return visit to this hotel, same friendly efficient service. Rooms spotlessly clean, great bath & shower, bed comfy with crisp white fresh linen. buffet breakfast with plenty of choice. Great location to either walk or tube to central attractions. 15 minute straight walk from Euston. Plenty of eateries on the doorstep & hotel has it's own bistro bar serving food.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, friendly staff","Stayed here for 1 night in a single room. Good friendly check in with all the info I needed given to me. Room not a bad size for London, complete with desk and chair. TV was a bit old and small but serviceable and had some foreign news channels as well for visitors. Room was clean and bed was OK. Window is an old single glazed metal framed window which had the potential to be a bit noisey but turned out it was not too bad for the middle of the city. Bathroom fine with plenty of power in the shower. Room has a radiatior in it  - I could not find a way to turn it up or down but temp was OK. Breakfast room is a great big room so plenty of seats for all guests and a full english breakfast availeable  and friendly waiters. Hotel is a bit dated but it is clean and a good price (£100)…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One to go back to. ,"Never stayed before but booked one night with breakfast for three, two adults and a teenager in a triple room. Friendly welcome large clean room with three single beds and a bathroom with separate toilet. Well furnished comfortable beds convenient for tube at Russell Square. Great breakfast in well appointed large restaurant. This was better value for money and more luxurious than many of the more expensive central London hotels we have stayed in. Definitely will go here again. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly but needs a revamp,"We stayed at the Imperial for three nights. The room was quite small but the beds were extremely comfortable and we liked that we could open the windows to let in fresh air. The facilities in the room were adequate but the separate toilet with no sink or window was a bit grim. Our breakfast was included and while the staff could not have been more attentive, the room in which the breakfast is served is dark and depressing with some very ugly table decorations that look like cobwebby plants in jars. The breakfast could do with having more variety too. There was no fresh fruit apart from the choice of some chopped up orange or grapefruit to have with the yoghurt. However, the English breakfast provided was very good - hot and fresh - and the endless supply of tea or coffee from…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for a London visit,"  Our stay was Sept. 30-Oct.10th.  The Hotel is a large older style hotel, but offers clean, quiet, large rooms and very helpful staff.  Our breakfast was included in our stay, but the first morning was total confusion, as we had gone to the wrong section to sit and get our food.  So, it might be to your advantage to check with staff on free breakfast area before you go in.  A free breakfast saves you money on any trip !  The Hotel has a brunch hour early afternoon that offers tea's and scones.  Another review I read says it has the best Lemon Pie !  Unfortunately we didn't get to try, as our tours were for a full day.  Nearby, from the corner of Russel Square upon leaving the Hotel , if you go left , a couple of blocks down on the left is a Restaurant that we enjoyed the best…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great central location, warm in winter with free wifi!","This place was perfect for what I needed. Undoubtedly I would stay here again for the reasons above, great location, warm and free wifi! Other reasons include: Nice and close to the universities, British Museum and transport which could take me anywhere else I needed to go. The breakfast was good, albeit same selection each morning, nonetheless a good cross section of hot and cold. The waiters are always pleasant although I wish they would offer the seats by the window more rather than so close to the door. The building itself was very warm which made a huge impact on my enjoyment of staying here. I found the front desk staff a bit reticent overall however, what they lacked the concierge desk made up for. I cannot thank concierge Angelo L enough for his taking the time to assist…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Genteel, shabby, well-located and perfect for our needs!","We were going to spend 4 nights here so we opted for one of the larger rooms. It turned out to be a little strange -- it had an extra bed and the toilet and bath were separate little rooms. But that feature seemed pretty consistent with the general character of the hotel -- a throwback to the 1950s or early 60s! I enjoyed that ambience as well as having a little more space in the room than budget hotels in London come with. Also greatly appreciated  - their breakfasts, and, - their flexibility around a late check-out. They easily extended my check-out to 5pm form the usual noon though I did not need that much time.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent central location ,"If you are planning on not spending a lot of time in the hotel, this is ideal. Food is limited and average but all eating areas are spotless. Staff are professional, polite and efficient. Main downfall is that the hotel is incredibly dated. All rooms need a good refurb.  Great value for money though.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, could be a bit cleaner","Stopped here for one night and the location is great. The rooms are very spacious compared to younger hotels.  The only slight negative was the bathroom, it could have been cleaner and my sink was tiny so not particularly practical (not sure if that's because I was in a disabled room or if they were all like that)  Staff were all friendly and professional so overall I would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel in a Central Location,"From arrival to leaving an excellent experience. Staff very attentive, food good, bar prices reasonable for London. Atrium Bar very comfortable with good selection of beer and spirits. Central Location is excellent with only a short walk to British Museum and Oxford Street",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Location, Lovely Hotel","Located perfectly for anyone arriving into London at Euston station (an easy 10 minute walk), this hotel was perfectly placed for the British Museum, has great tube connections and is a pleasant walk from Covent Garden. We booked this hotel as part of a weekend theatre break package and I was surprised how lovely it was. As well as the enviable location, the room was much better than expected (only a twin room was available through the deal, not a double, but this was no problem) with a wonderful view of the park (take the park view rather than the courtyard when asked unless you want a quiter room) through the quirky large triangular windows. The public areas are fairly lavish and the breakfast room is impressive (with a very decent hot breakfast). All staff we met were…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",H,Good location and close to underground. Rooms were ok... very cold all the time. Bathrooms we average. Not the cleanest. Got a free breakfast which filled a hole... Staff were very friendly and helpful. ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend,Check in was quick and simple and asked if we wanted a view so room 812 . Room was a bit dated  though clean and warm but we were happy as had a really good deal thought might be noisy with traffic but didn't bother us it was a city break !! Very handy for tube and walking . Breakfast ample and good service . Drinks in bar reasonable for London and we ate one night before theatre ate in night and day restaurant was fine . I would use this hotel again.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend,"Nice location, polite staff, clean rooms, very soft mattresses . Breakfast was alright, fresh and nicely cooked, not extraordinary. In the front side you have a nice view of Russell square together with the noise of the traffic. No double glasses. Ratio of price / quality excellent!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed as a GOSH patient,"Excellent and extremely comfortable. Warm welcome and comfortable room with tasty breakfast. Something tasty for everyone. Tea and coffee facilities were good and a wonderful ""Mary poppins"" like views ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,"The location is great..! The hotel is nearby the russell square tube station, so you can access the tube station from Heathrow airport. There are plenty of coffee shops, restaurants, and convenient stores in the area.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location! On every other score, average.","Our first stay at the Imperial was nearly 25 years ago. Since then we have returned to it and its sister hotels, the President, the Tavistock, the Royal National, again and again. The times we have tried elsewhere we invariably regretted it and even moved mid trip. The location is the main reason. Steps to the underground; excellent shopping and services at Brunswick Square, once a grimy Safeway and wine store, now a gleaming shopping center with drugstores, Waitrose, restaurants. Great bus and underground connections, or walking distance to just about everything in good weather. The service has always seemed bureaucratic at best, but even there a bit of a thaw this time around. There were younger and chattier folks at reception and room attendants were friendly and…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One night stsy,"This is my first stay at this hotel and I will return  We booked a standard double, requested an early check in (if possible)  Upon arrival (1140) we were informed our room was ready and we had been upgraded at no extra cost  The room was spacious , a seating area, queen size bed, bathroom (with bath and shower). Lovely room with everything u need.  Staff so lovely, happy to help and just friendly  Breakfast was excellent, buffet style (which I don't usually like) however this was fresh, lots of choice and excellent value for money  Hotel really close to the Tube and lots of places to eat and drink. Easy wall to Holborn also  Thoroughly enjoyed our stay, would recommend and will return 👍",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for staying in London," We stayed for 5 days and the staff was nice and welcoming. When we arrived to the hotel the receptionist told us that we were upgraded to Executive Double Room. The room was standrad and clean but there was no safe or even a fridge which was disappoiting. The heating was permanent so we had to open the window to atleast get some fresh air. The breakfast was poor and same everyday without something special,. The location was great ++ it's just a step get to the underground station (Russell Square) and to Bloomsbury centre.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"I had a lovely stay at this hotel the staff were really attentive, my room was spotless and the breakfast was delicious. If you're planning a trip to London definately check In to this hotel and you won't be disappointed",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Central,"The lobby of the hotel was quite impressive, quick efficient check in.  Room was on 5th floor and I had requested a quiet room so we were at the back of the hotel but I can imagine if at the front could be noisy because of the main road.  Room was rather dated but clean and had trouser press and tea making facilities. Requested more pillows and they arrived within 5 minutes which was impressive.  What I thought was a bit strange for a hotel was that the toilet was completely separate to the bathroom.  For the time we spent in the room it was fine, centrally located and only about a 20 min walk to the Strand or about £7 in an Uber cab.  Breakfast was ok but i would suggest not getting down to breakfast past 9.30 as not very hot and eggs a bit rubbery. Just needs some money spent…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Confused hotel,"My partner booked a theatre weekend break and this is the hotel he opted for. The lobby area was amazing and opulent and they allowed us to check in several hours early. Unfortunately the room wasn't quite so grand, it felt quite dated and reminded me of my  Nan's flat with faded pictures on the wall. I think a lot of money has been spent on enticing you in but no care has been given to the rooms. The rooms were clean and comfortable but just expected more stylish.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Superbly located hotel,"We booked this hotel through Superbreaks which included rail travel.  Great location, 30 minutes walk to Camden Market, 20 minutes to the Strand.  The room was small but clean, warm and comfortable.  Bar service was excellent and reasonable for London.  Breakfast on both the mornings we were there was busy, get down early if you want to go exploring.  Superb base.  So good in fact, we have booked again for April to get to another show.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Consistent good value and quality,"Fortunate, again to stay in another hotel in this group. A winter visit means we need warmth in rooms, we got it. Beds very comfortabe and laundered well. All faciities excellent, breakfast, again, very good.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel!,The Imperial hotel is a great hotel in a great area in London. It's close to Covent Garden and to a metro station. The staff are very helpful and friendly and the service is great. The rooms are clean and have everything you need. The rooms were also very warm which was great as we went in winter! They have good WiFi with strong signal which is always a good thing!,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely 2016 Christmas at the hotel Imperial,"Spent 4 days over Christmas with my son. From the time we checked in the staff were charming and attentive. Two bottle of wine in our room on arrival. 24th Dec We were invited to the bar for evening drinks on the house, then went into the dining room for our evening meal which had plenty of choices. 9pm a coach was laid on to take us around London to see the Christmas lights etc., Christmas day lovely breakfast once again. 12 noon we gathered at the bar for a glass of bubbly then into dining room for our Christmas dinner plenty of wine served at the table complements of the hotel. After dinner a visit from Father Christmas he handed out a present for each of the guests. The evening was dinner and a disco drinks once again served. Boxing day we were given vouchers for a free…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Fast check in. Kind people. Good English breakfast. Great location in London. However it looks old and we were lucky to have a room on the court. Room confortable enough. Very good fish end chips at the restaurant.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay but a bit noisy ,Stayed here for 2 nights as I was attending a wedding for the weekend. I was in a single room which was very dark and very hot there was no way of turning the heating down 🤒... Apart from that the room was clean and in a good location. Breakfast was very busy but didn't have to wait long at all service was great and set you up for the day ahead ! ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel,"This is a nice hotel in a good location in London, it is surrounded by its sister Hotels, the breakfast is a full English but its done on a huge scale so the attention to detail is lacking, the hotel is a little dated but overall its a good place to stay.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",brilliant 3 days,"We arrived and were checked in quickly, upgraded to an executive room which was really nice. The staff are lovely and the hotel is spotless. Breakfast wasn't quite hot enough so that could be improved. All in all was great value for money",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2 day London break,"Arrived mid day at the hotel, checked in without any fuss and eventually managed to raise a smile from the receptionist.  Our rooms were on the 8th floor and comfortable enough with views across the British museum and the BT tower.  This is a large hotel but there were plenty of lifts always available.  We only used two of the three bars, the atrium bar and the night and day bar.  The atrium bar is very comfortable and has waiter service but shuts at 11pm which does not give you much time after getting in from the theatre.  You can however buy drinks in the less comfortable Night and day bar and take them back to the comfy seats in the atrium bar once it shuts.  The night and day bar is more of an eating place than a drinking bar in my opinion with the meals being fairly priced…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Room with a View!,"The hotel is in a marvellous location for sightseeing and travelling. Russell Square Tube and bus stops a couple of minutes away. Easy and pleasant walk to British Museum and Covent Garden, West End. Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking Russell Square. The view was stunning. The room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom facilities fine. The central heating radiator was very efficient. The windows we could open slightly for a little fresh air. All staff were pleasant and helpful. The breakfast could be improved immensely. Limited choice and poor quality. Fried breakfast items only. No continental breakfast or fresh fruit. Bakery goods equalled toast or a roll. Plenty of places nearby for breakfast however.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",amazing hotel,"My family is staying at the Imperial hotel for 7 nights due to the some issued by the travel agent with one of the hotel in EarlsCourt .Just few hours while we are still sightseeing, the travel agent had arranged us a taxi and send us to here when we returned at night.  At first, we were not agreed the deal because we don't like being like a tourist in the central location. But our worry is too much, as the agent told me here the hotel for the picky people is no issue at all. Haha, really here is so peaceful, present location. At the first night, our room is in different floors. The reception is so profession, they settled us on the 2nd day in the same floor. (hotel doesn't have connecting room) The hotel in the central location,no busy traffic, looks old but classic! places are…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Annual Christmas visit,"Have stayed at this hotel 8 times now and have always been very happy with the place. This visit there were one or two niggles though. Unable to check in until quarter to three, even though check in time is 2pm. All the receptionist kept saying was, well we have been very busy yesterday.  When we did eventually get into the room, there was no remote for the tv, after 2 phone calls to reception, housekeeping appeared and said, have you looked under the bed, don't usually check under the bed for tv remotes, but there it was, begs the question, had the room not been properly vacuumed? Rest of the stay was very good, breakfast is excellent with plenty of choice. Hotel is ideally situated for Russel Square tube station and there are plenty of eating and drinking places close by.    ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central London at affordable price,"The hotel was excellent in terms of location, within walking distance to any point of interest in Central London. The beds were comfortable and the room, though not too big, was adequate. I advise to take a room facing the courtyard, as the front can be quite noisy. Breakfast was good quality, though it feels awkward to be guided to a table and have to keep asking for coffee.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ill-mannered staff and room not cleaned,"When we first got to the hotel, we found us in a twin room, when we had booked a double room. We asked about this, and were told it was the booking agents fault, which the hotel can't help, but they didn't handle it nicely. After a long discussion, we were promised bed stoppers, as the both beds were on wheels. We were told to not put the beds together, because of health and safety. When the maid came to our room, she only brought stoppers for one bed, but refused to go get more, so she spread them out best she could as she sighed heavily and told us rather aggressively that we were not to put the beds together. I actually asked her for more stoppers, and she refused. The room smelled of cigarette smoke, and the glasses in the bathroom were dirty with toothpaste from a previous…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well-located hotel for exploring London,"Our room was typical for a city hotel, tight but clean and comfortable.  The included full breakfast included choices of boiled, poached, fried, or scrambled eggs with sausages, bacon, grilled tomatoes, juice and the regular continental breakfast choices of cereals and toast.   The location close to several tube stops as well as bus stops was ideal for sightseeing opportunities in the city.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, great location","Booked as part of Superbreaks package. Great value, close to Russell Square underground and Kings Cross. Breakfast good and rooms very clean. Staff very helpful, particularly porters at reception. Pleasant bar area and handy newsagent in the complex.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as  previous visits,"The Imperial is part of a substantial hotel chain. It's not the cheapest London hotel but  certainly is  far from being the most expensive. On past visits I have felt it gave reasonable value for money, bearing in mind its convenient situation to many of London's iconic landmarks. My most  recent visit stared badly. Although my room was pre booked, and pre paid a month in advance,  booking in and obtaining a key from reception took an age,  even though it was 3pm and I was the only one needing service. As I also needed a map of the tubes to plan an evening journey I then asked reception for help, only to be told they could not provide help. I expressed modest surprise that a leading London hotel did not keep a suply of maps for guests, especially those unfamiliar with London.…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Central, not expensive","Central, cosy, no frills, clean, only English breakfast, excellent location, close to tube on both ends, vast choice of restaurants around, staff at reception courteous though some of them need a lesson how to treat clients. On the whole, I recommend and will not hesitate to go tomorrow.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","""Nice""","This hotel is of great value.  The prices are affordable, it's in a safe area, close to the underground, and can include breakfast.  I found the staff to be helpful and informed about the area and transportation.  I had a single room that was small, but very clean and served its purpose.  The lift service was good.  Breakfast is in a large dining room with a good selection to choose from.  Go on the early side if possible. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location; Basic Hotel,"Thus hotel is in a good location. It's situated within short walking distance from Russell Square underground station and Holborn underground station. Walking to Soho, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, and China Town is all easy as well. It's only a matter of yards from The British Museum.  The hotel itself us functional but a little dated. Of the three plugs in my room, only one worked. The carpeting throughout the hotel looks old and dirty. The room I was in was roasting hit on my first day and cold on my second. The lifts are ancient and slow. There are 5 lifts but in the two days I was there, there were only 3 or 4 working. Breakfast is pandemonium; it's like a secondary school canteen. Go down as early as possible as fewer people go between 0700 and 0830 than from 0830…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the price,"Rooms are a bit dated but were clean. Breakfast was just bearable, staff were very unwelcoming no smiles clearly miserable. The only pleasant staff member was Karl the porter who was very pleasant and helpful.Hotel is in great location and very reasonably priced for a London hotel.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",We'll be back!,"Firstly, I just looked at the reviews by people who thought this place was poor, and I wonder if they stayed at the same hotel!  From check in - friendly and efficient service - to the boys in the bar (lovely, great value food and drink), and the lovely young man in the cafe.  The smiling porter who opened the door for us and the porter who looked after our bags.  The housekeeping staff who were smiling and friendly.  This hotel is in a great location, it's a great price for central London, the rooms are a good size, light and airy - a bit noisy but it is London - a good shower, tv is a bit small, but how much time do you spend watching tv in London.  Would have preferred tea/coffee etc unpackaged, and more tea bags.  Biscuits would be a nice touch, but that's a minor quibble. …",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short break,Lovely hotel. Easy access to Central London by tube n bus. I had room  722 which looked onto Russell Square. Staff lovely plenty to eat at breakfast though buffet dining doesn't suit everyone. Bath was really deep and I had a great soak n relaxation. Only complaint was room very hot and couldn't turn heating down or open window but it was bearable. Will book again x,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well located excellent value,Little bit stuck in the 70s for bedrooms smallish beds and formica but very good value excellent full buffet breakfast but a bit canteenish - on the other hand the carvery offers good value and is more intimate and the Night & Day Pub had good food and perhaps the best fish and chips with a good selection of wines and beers,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent location,The hotel is within easy walking distance of all theatres and places of interest. The hotel offers excellent value for money with dinner included on the first night. The restaurant was very good. We were lucky to be upgraded to an executive room which was very spacious and comfortable. The bar in the hotel is an ideal place to relax after a busy day sightseeing.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than average,We have just returned from a weekend at the Imperial hotel. We paid extra for a room upgrade and it was worth every penny.  The room was very large with a king size bed. The bathroom was a good size with 2 wash basins.  The two large radiators made the room very hot but we soon turned them down.  Staff seem friendlier than at a lot of London hotels.  The breakfast was ok but difficult to cater for so many. Hope to visit again next year,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable and pleasant ,"Only stayed the one night, but was impressed with the reception staff, who were very helpful. The room was adequate for what I needed. The facilities that I used were good, being linked with ""The President"", there was a central bar area, and there is also another bar which served food as well till late , for the late night munchies! Breakfast in the restaurant was great, with a buffet providing cereals and full English, as well as continental breakfast and juices, with tea and coffee served at the table.  Being situated just off of Southampton Row in Holborn, you're only a short walk from the West End! Overall, ideally situated and great value!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A very good bargain,"My friend and I went to London with SuperBreak. We had Return train travel from Derby to London with booked seats both ways, two nights bed and breakfast and an evening meal on the first night, plus a choice of theatre tickets, we chose to see Matilda. All this for £224. Excellent.  Our rooms were clean and comfortable, TV, WiFi and all we could want. The staff were very pleasant and helpful, the food was excellent, in fact we ate there the second night too. The underground was very near and the bus service was a five minute walk. A lovely weekend.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mistaken for the President Hotel,"As the title states we mistook this hotel for the President which is joined to the Imperial, but there is a difference, we were in a room facing the road on the 3rd floor, which was situated and the end of the corridor, as we walked to the end it became colder and colder, when we entered the room the curtains were shut, I asked my partner to close the windows as the noise from the traffic below was really loud, but when we pulled back the curtains they were shut, we assumed, wrongly that after a certain time into the night the traffic would be lighter so we hoped the noise would lessen, no joy, the windows are single glazed aluminium frames and the curtains actually moved with the draft coming through, I was awake most of the night, the noise was horrendous, so I did something…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Central,"Stayed over for one night on business, 7th floor is quite quiet. Room was clean but looking old. For one night you can't go wrong, plenty of restaurants just outside your door.  Breakfast was good, lots of choice. Pleasant staff and it was quick to check in and check out.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay ,We stayed here Friday till Sunday had a great trip hotel was large clean.staff at front desk were very good soon checked in .the room we had was really nice we had a sofa table tv the beds were very comfy slept like a baby . Breakfast was ok very busy had to wait for a table but it was a very busy hotel .The food was hot set us up for the day. The tube station only 2 minutes walk .we did a have a meal with the deal we got at one of the five different places to eat .Again very busy food hit & good would definitely return for a weekend again.The bar down stairs was a great place re unwind after a long day in London . Thanks for a great weekend.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A blast from the past,"This is a very large hotel but definitely a blast from the past with its different rooms.   Grand, if dated, reception area - supported by some well trained reception staff - quite impressive.    6 lifts lead to bedrooms.  Our room was large with a king sized bed which was rather hard. The bedroom was dated including being able to switch the TV off from a switch in the middle of the head board!  The bathroom was spacious  & very clean but the best thing was the shower which was powerful & hot (quite surprising).  Breakfast (which was included) was okay - not marvellous but okay!  Will go again as very good value - especially if you get the special offer where dinner on 1st night is included if you stay for 2 nights.   Definitely a blast from.the past - which could be amazing …",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Quiet Hotel but still in the Centre of Things,"Located just off Russel Square and only a few yards from the tube station (which is a short ride from Kings Cross) we have a very comfortable 60's-esque Hotel (it even has a casino attached if you are that way inclined), We were on a short break with the idea of doing a bit of shopping and sightseeing. From here if you fancy stretching your legs you are only about 15-20 minutes from the centre of the city, everything is in easy reach, but if you are going to take a taxi pick your times as you will spend most of the time in heavy traffic. The room was great and very comfortable, it had everthing you needed plus free wi-fi. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. On your day of departure, if you wish to do a little more shopping or whatever, rather than lug around your…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short break,"Recently visited this hotel and stayed for a single night. Hotel is ideally situated in Russel square roughy 5 mins walk from tube station  15 mins walk from kings cross and Covent Garden.  Hotel is a bit dated but if it's somewhere your looking for just to sleep and explore this is ideal, it has sister hotels called the president and royal national in the same area available and cheaper prices. Rooms are small but adequate Decor isn't upto date but you get what you pay for. Nice breakfast in the morning both English and continental available, I would get there early as it does get busy and it's a medium sized room. Residence bar that is open till about 1am Have stayed in these hotels before and definitely will again ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",First time to London,Basic hotel clean right in the heart of London 2 minute walk to the underground. Just what you need to rest your tired legs would definitely return. We also had breakfast at the hotel and this was lovely bacon sausage cereal fruit. ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Luke warm breakfast and not so nice smelling loo,"Stayed here last night as had booked a theatre trip and had stayed at the hotel before.  Room was more than adequate, although the shower was outdated.  Had a separate toilet (no basin) and I was immediately struck by the faint smell of urine.   I suspect the tiled floor had not been cleaned as I could not detect a leak.   The breakfast was only luke warm so just ate muesli, which was good but would have preferred a hot English breakfast.  Also would have preferred bread to toast rather than the limp soggy slices left out.  No fresh fruit (apart from bowls of prunes and orange segments)   Regrettably will not stay again as gone downhill since previous visits.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Housekeeping,"Following a recent stay here in a disabled room we arrived to find a puddle of water at the side of the shower cubicle so we reported it to reception, stating our concerns that the floor may have not been cleaned. On our return the 'housekeeper' met us outside our room and said it was water left from the mop (highly dangerous in a disabled shower room, as I am on crutches!) but we did notice that the floor was now cleaner. I got into bed and was most uncomfortable as it felt as if there was a huge lump in the mattress and the lower end of the bed felt as if it was sloping. I had to put a pillow under my feet! In the morning we discovered there was a castor missing and the divan itself had parted company with the two halves and collapsed to the floor. Whilst we were looking at…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needs Work,Stayed here for one night due to working in London. Service was good and the main lobby area is nice. The rooms are clean & tidy but dated and need work done. Never got a chance to have the breakfast. Not sure if I'd stay here again unless the rooms,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a 3 star hotel  and an excellent location,"The people in reception and the cleaners were all efficient and kind.  The twin beds were too narrow, but the mattress was firm. Breakfast was fine, nothing fancy, no vegetable, just the grilled tomatoes.The fried eggs and sausage were done well and the coffee was fresh and strong. The room was very small, but the bathroom was clean and the towels were soft.  Our room was in the front - so it was  not quiet, but the view of Russell Square in the morning was great.  The location is great - many buses and the tube nearby.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location.","My husband, 3 grown sons and myself stayed in 3 double rooms in September. Two of the rooms were large and the other was smaller but acceptable. The views from our room was a back alley, another room was a lovely view of the courtyard and the other was a lovely view of Russell Square Park. The rooms were clean and offered all the basic amenities required for a comfortable stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the buffet breakfast delicious and offered a range of hot and cold dishes. This hotel is close to everything and is real value for money. We will be returning here.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable hotel but some staff attitude issues,"We stayed four nights in September.  Small rooms with twin beds, unless you almost have to beg for a double bed.  The breakfast spread  is excellent.  The hotel location is perfect for walking to attractions and a tube station on the Piccadilly line is just around the corner.  The down side was staff attitude with one shining exception in one of the girls on the reception.  Generally the staff gave us the impression was that they were doing us a  favour by serving or assisting us.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great place. Great location. Well priced ,We booked this hotel for a weekend away with the girls. We were on a budget and this worked out so reasonable for us. We had triple rooms and they were basic but clean and spacious for central London hotel. Great base. Breakfast was included which was very nice. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. All in all a great place to stay. ,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Sadly Disappointing...,"Two years ago we stayed at this hotel and loved it, so much so that when we booked to come to London this time around we went out of our way to return to the same hotel. Unfortunately we were left wishing that we hadn't bothered.  First I must say that the staff are lovely - especially those on the front desk, checking in was easy and they had no problems finding us a taxi when needed. The rooms themselves are also fine, a good size, comfortable beds and excellent water pressure in the showers.  Unfortunately none of that can make up for the faults we experienced this time around. The main one being that upon entering our room in this none smoking hotel we realised that our room absolutely stank of cigarette smoke. We decided against complaining (which in hindsight may have been…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central hotel handy for many sights.,"This is a central hotel, handy for buses and the underground, Check-in was very easy and the staff on the front desk were pleasant and helpful. Since our last visit new lifts have been fitted, and they were speedy and quiet. We had made a special request when I booked, and this was arranged efficiently without a fuss. Everywhere was clean and tidy, and there were plenty of towels in the roomy bathroom.   If you book for 2 nights or more, dinner is included on the first night. This is a carvery at the Imperial although it is possible to eat at one of the other hotels in the group. The quality of the food is not good and the service is patchy. It is however, plentiful and there is a decent choice. Breakfast is much the same, but is included in the room rate.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",There's better,Stayed at the imperial hotel for 3 nights. As a travel agent I would not recommend this hotel. First impressions terrible. Staff at the front desk are ignorant need some customer service training. The rooms are the worst I have ever stayed in. Beds squeaked felt damp and cold Windows filthy  Smallest tv I have seen in a hotel bedroom The warmest bit was the shower  Toilet had to flush it about 10 times  Breakfast shocking not even hot on either of the days we tried it. Last day we ate out I couldn't face a cold breakfast again. Your given a free evening meal voucher when u check in - don't even bother using it ! The bar area was lovely and not expensive which surprised us.  On the last day we took our cases to the porter he totally ignored us and carried on counting his money as…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"Checked in here for the weekend with my daughter ,a gift for my birthday from my daughter and son in law.the room was spacious and clean with everything you needed for a comfortable stay,the staff were friendly and helpful,food great with plenty of choice and copious amounts of tea and coffee would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central location hotel,"Within 15 minutes walking distance from Euston station and 20 minutes walk from theatres. We stayed 4 nights in October in an Executive twin room, which was quiet, overlooking the fountain and casino, away from the main road. The room was clean and bright and well serviced. Other guests overlooking main road complained to us about traffic noise. We only occasionally heard ambulances during the night for a short distance as it passed the hotel entrance. Our room 342 was on third floor and beds were very comfortable. The hotel is close to Great Ormond street hospital.  Breakfast was buffet service and was typical of this type of service with fried and poached (dropped) eggs with a rubbery texture. One annoying feature was keeping the toast in the Bain Marie which resulted in it…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good deal,"Stayed at The Imperial as part of a two day break.  Roon was quite small, but clean with plenty of hot water.  We were on the ninth floor, but traffic noise was a bit of an issue. Breakfast was excellent, good choice of breakfast items.  My poached egg was even soft on the inside.  The staff were polite, but we didn't feel that they put themselves out to be welcoming.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well placed for museum etc,"Stayed at the hotel for one night for a museum visit. The hotel is well placed from Kings Cross and early morning a £6.50 cab ride away. All staff were very pleasant and helpful. The rooms are on the small side but perfectly adequate and comfortable. the bed looked as though thousand had slept on it before but it was fine. The double glazing to windows is a bit ancient and just about keeps out the traffic noise, if you are given the choice get a courtyard room.. it may be a little quieter. Breakfast was ok. cereals, fruit and full English. no other continental options such as cold meets and small cakes etc which our continental cousins prefer. That said it was ok and the staff ensureed tea and coffee was constant and served in a very friendly way.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",TEN DAY HOLIDAY IN LONDON,"As a group hotel it was very ""tired"" with one lift not operational and our ""executive room"" poorly finished and curtains as well as duvet really wanting a good wash. House keeping and Room cleaning not up to standard as on two occasions returning at 14h00 our room remained unserviced. Very poor in house eating facilities as we had to ""eat out"" each night. Front desk staff disinterested - could not find our paid upfront booking. However great breakfast each day and a good location for Picadilly and Central underground.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dated hotel with good location,"Imperial Hotel is part of a Group of similar hotels around Russel Square, which all were built sometime around the 1960´s. Renovations has of course been made since then, but the standard is not really up to what one could expect in 2016. This does not bother me that much considering I was only there for one night and needed to be in the city centre. Location is great and lots of nice pubs, restaurants and cafes nearby. The room was adequate, with the usual carpet that did not feel very Clean. Bed was hard and uncomfortable, but at least clean. I had the full english breakfast at the hotel, which was really nice and coffee was served by the table. Would I come back? Yes, if I need a central location without having to pay too much and dont need more than somewhere to sleep",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central location ,"I booked into this hotel based on a recommendation from a friend and the location is first class👌 However the front office team desperately require some training in customer relations. I checked in on Wednesday October 4 for three nights, and then was returning after one week away for one more night. I had phoned from Australia asking about the possibility of leaving some gear in storage for the week and was ensured this was all okay. On checking into the hotel, the front desk were determined to ensure that it would not be easy to arrange, and also found it quite challenging to arrange to have clothes cleaned for a wedding on my return. Eventually sorted so foolishly I did keep the booking for a week later. Again the front desk made this difficult. A manager I think this time…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Bugs,Filth and Customer comes last!","Stayed for a 2 day conference in September. The rooms are nothing as they appear on the webpage to begin. The carpet leading down the hallway to my room was old, worn and fraying. My room was nothing better than a hostel. A single bed with decor out of the 70's. There was a throw pillow and matching throw on the bed that hadn't been washed since it was first put in the room. It had every stain and smell under the sun of who knows what on it, and it was lying on the clean bed pillow. There were 3 lovely bugs crawling up my wall that I had to get rid of before going to sleep that evening. The toilet had a strong smell of urine around it as if the cleaner either didn't clean or just used the dirty water to wash. When I initially couldn't get the TV to work, I opened up the remote…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location across the street from Russell Square,"This was my second stay at this hotel. The single room was small but quite serviceable. The room was clean, the staff very friendly and helpful. The on site restaurant was good for an English breakfast and dinner is served as well. There are several good restaurants within walking distance and Starbucks is right down the street. The hotel is located across the street from the beautiful Russell Square Park and it is about three blocks from the underground. The British Museum is a short walk away and there are plenty of busses to take you around. The rooms facing the court are quieter than than the outside ones where traffic noise is a problem at night for light sleepers.One other thing, if you use face clothes, bring your own, the hotel doesn't supply them.  For both of my stays,…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2 day break ,"Found this hotel very central, staff very helpful. The complimentary evening meal, was 3 courses and carvery was the main course, if this wasn't to your liking you could use 3 other hotels and still have the complimentary. Bedroom was spotlessly clean and breakfast was buffet style, good choice and plenty of seating room.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Spent 100s of nights here in my 'home from home'.,Reasonably priced rooms close the centre of London and 2 minutes walk to the underground.  Very friendly and accommodating  staff with a good sense of humour once you get to know them a little.  Recommended without reservation.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic basic accommodation ,"This was booked through our travel agent and I must say after coming in post 24hour flight and having the rudest man at reception throw our room keys at us, we were feeling pretty pessimistic about the place. The room was very basic no tissues, no real milk, 1 x tea bag for 2 people, no pen or paper. The porters however were very helpful with tour ideas and how to get around breakfast was average with about 4 wait staff hovering over your table asking if you wanted tea every 5mins and basically loitering looking bored. Definitely is a place for single business men not for holiday seekers that's for sure.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location and thats all,"the location was very good, the staff were mostly unhelpful, unfriendly, and the hotel basically fits for business men. in the room there was no safe, we asked for double but got a twin. the breakfast was good.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,we had a complimentary meal the night we arrived which was 3 course &excellent the staff were friendly hotel room was excellent.only downside was road noise which could be overcome by new windows (double glazed)great value for money.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Superbreak which was a super break,"we stayed in the Imperial Hotel which was situated just off Russell Square, on Southampton Row.  Our room was a lovely bright and light twin with lots of space.  lovely views from the windows.  Bathroom and Toilet facility were en suite and separate and all were very clean, neat and tidy.  Breakfast was great and catered for all tastes, our evening meal also was excellent and had a good choice of menu.  Hotel Porters  were very helpful in their guidance and knowledge of bus or tube, I would stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We booked a mini break through Superbreak and upgraded to this hotel as Superbreak put us in the Royal National First. If this is an upgrade I would hate to see what the Ryal National would of been like.  Firstly it is in dire need of a refit, it is loud, the TV never worked probably too much dust around it. There was visable fur balls all over the wallpaper, Damp in the bath, The windows were manky. Breakfast was cold, we only went down once.The first meal was OK ish if you like carvery Lamb was tasty. The floor was uneven, Showers were full of damp patches. The only plusses for me  was it is near the underground around the corner from  Shaftsbury Theatre and Dominian and near bus routes.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in Central London 5* customer service,"Great hotel in central London location with 5* customer service. From the moment we arrived we were greeted by friendly efficient staff. Very impressed by the reception area and as you walk through the hotel it gets better. The Atrium Bar had snacks,friendly staff and live entertainment on a Friday and Saturday. The Day & Night bar had great food through out the day/night and very reasonably priced. You can sit inside or outside with a view over Russell Park.The Barbarella Bar on the 1st floor had great views over the park, lovely just to sit and watch the world go by.  The single room was more than adequate. The disabled room was easy accessible. Plenty of toiletries and tea and coffee in the room. Also a trouser press in the room.Free wifi.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Not a great start when the 2 of us tried to check in after travelling for over 30 hours to be told the pre-paid booking had been made for a single room.  I'm reasonably sure the reception staff thought we were trying to scam them somehow but we ended up paying an extra GBP110. The room itself was clean and functional but fridges are reserved for those with ""medical needs"" and there was no iron or board.  If you do need to iron something there is one iron and board (both very old) for the entire hotel next to the staff service lift.  Strangly though there was a trouser press in the room- does anyone still use these? Water pressure was amazingly good- lovely showers.  No problems with wi-fi. Breakfast was OK.  Same every day and very few choices.  Bacon managed to look just like…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in central London location.,"My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights in mid-September.  Our room was on the 8th floor facing the back of the hotel so very quiet.  The room was very clean with comfortable beds.  Only minor problem was spotty Wi-Fi.  However, the front desk staff more than made up for this.  The porters sorted out our trip to Gatwick airport very early Sunday morning when train service wasn't really running yet.  Breakfast was fine with lots of selection.   Location-wise, the hotel is very close to the British Museum which was great.  We also walked to Trafalger Square and the City.  The closest tube station was 2 short blocks away.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Decent Place To Stay,"Not the best hotel in London but a decent one none the less, nicely located and the executive room was very spacious.  The hotel is as other reviews allude ""dated"" but it gives it a charm all of its own.  Nice staff.  We wasn't too keen on the Day Night Bar which was the only bar open late as it was quite rowdy so we didn't stay in there for a night cap, the breakfast room is a bit cosy too, you certainly get to make new friends in the almost bench like long table layout.  Breakfast is ok - would have liked to have seen mushrooms on the buffet, can't argue with either the price or location.  Will return as its where we need it to be!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good basic hotel in central London ,Stayed at the imperial hotel for 2 nights whilst working in central London - book 2 nights and got a free three course meal at any of the imperial hotels in London - I decided to eat at the Bedford hotel across the road from this hotel and was very pleased with the food and friendly customer service. The room I was allocated was clean basic and dated. I was on the 8th floor overlooking a very large courtyard area. The wifi worked perfectly throughout my stay and for the price I paid I was very happy with the food and the breakfast was tasty. The hotel is very big and caters for a lot of tourists but I found it ideal for a business stay. Keep up the good work imperial hotel people :-)  ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A quiet night,"Stayed one night for business, check in was seamless, the room was 847 right at the end of the corridor. I'd asked in advance for a high floor and quiet room. I was dismayed to see I was right by the service elevator.  The room was nice enough for the money, as with the Tavistock, it seems that Imperial hotels are a little worn. But it was clean, comfortable and quiet. I'd go so far as to say the bed was better than the last premier inn I was in. The elevator wasn't a problem, no noise from it.  In the morning I enjoyed a cup of tea while taking in the view and trying to spot landmarks.  The breakfast was functional but fine. Fully fuelled I checked out as a happy customer. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",fare chuft,"came down for a night on business. Found check in easy. Room was large and comfortable with grand view ower tae Russel Square. Plenty o toiletries and water was hot. Breakfast is lush, especially the wee pork links. Great place for seeing London, very central. nipped up tae camden and donnered bck fae the market and popped intae a couple o pubs. £4 a pint. No bad fur London.  Wid a go back. Yes.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great price for London, but don't expect the best that Britain can offer","My public sector employer booked me into the Imperial Hotel for a visit to London for a meeting - naturally to be careful with their funds. The price at £120 B&B, with a great location close to Russell Square was excellent for London.   Staff at the hotel reception were very personable. Unfortunately, the hotel is worn out: scuffs and scratches everywhere. My room was basic in its comforts - no bottled water, a kettle with one tea bag and one coffee sachet.   The hotel decor looks like a 1970s update on 1950s style with no refresher since. Breakfast was dated English fare: egg, bacon, sausage, toast - what we used to eat before healthier eating was discovered - with little else.  If you are on a budget, need to be careful with your funds, and want a great London location, then…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location for tourists,"We booked this hotel as part of a package. It was clearly an imposing hotel once upon a time (1970s at a guess?) but is in need of an update. But as an ok bed for a London visit it works fine. We had a room on the 9th floor overlooking Southampton Row and as it was late Summer we needed the window open. With earplugs it works fine as there is no air con. The view was pretty stunning, you could see the London Eye lit up in red at night.   It is generally a mass processing of tourists. The breakfast dining room is vast and serves adequate but not inspired food.  It is part of a group of hotels, so a voucher for an evening meal can be used in other hotels in the area, depending on your requirement.  At peak times the lifts and the internet are as slow as a snail.   The beds are…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value in central London,"A traditional old style hotel, part of the Imperial Hotels group of five hotels in the Bloomsbury area of London.  Not the most modern, but clean, well maintained, helpful staff and great value for money for such a central location.  Recommended for business and tourist stays.  Close to Russell Square and Holborn tube stations. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel room since my backpacking days,This is an old poorly maintained 2 star hotel. I got the single room. It was durty with human hair on the table and spider webs. Hotel has no Aircondition !! It was a warm day and room temperature was much above the outside. If not for the fan they gave me I couldn't have slept the night.  Bed was tiney and matress hard  Breakfast was not good.  This is a low end budget hotel that is centrally located.   Electricity stopped at 10 AM for maintenance....  Avoid if you can..,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location for walking into the city centre or taking a bus or underground.,Efficient reception or arrival.  Room for 2 adults and one child on top floor.  Nice and quiet and clean.  Hotel close to Kings Cross Station where we walked from and to.  Ideal for a short stay.  Nice breakfast with waiter service.  Clean and tidy - ideal for our needs.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good sized rooms for London, no extra thrills","Fairly good hotell, that  seems to have a slow working maintenance program going. No aircondition, so make sure to get a room facing the back yard if the temperature requires to have the windows open during night time. For the first time in a long time I have visited a hotel with a sufficient number of lifts. There were no queues or long waiting for lifts come check out time.  The breakfast room was big and  the breakfast selection was kept at the minimum. The service was okay.  Am I particular, yes, will I stay there again, no.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location Next to Metro Station,Great location right next to metro station. Tasty breakfast! Old fashioned but comfortable rooms. Nice bar restaurant in the hotel. Friendly employees! Nice view to Russell Square. Easy access to almost all sightseeing and museums!,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Time Capsule,"A clean, comfortable hotel in a great central London location. Really well placed for west-end tourist hotspots and the delightful area of Bloomsbury. The hotel is like a shrine to the 70's hotel heydays, and clearly hasn't seen anything in the way of an update anytime since. That said, the rooms are very good for their price bracket - you won't find anything else of this standard for the price in this location.Breakfast is decidedly average but there's sausages, bacon and eggs alongside the usual cereals. The coffee is something that could be improved on - as it's terrible - and I feel that most coffee drinkers these days are a little wiser to whats available out there. It's also a shame they don't open the Bar-barella more often as it's a really nice space with a retro Austin…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central,We stayed at the imperial it was very clean tidy and comfortable and very central for sightseeing tube station nearby bus stop right outside.The staff in all departments were great very helpful and considerate I must single out Johnny In the Concierge Department he always went over and above the call of duty. All meals in the hotel were very good particularly breakfast. Would we stay there again most definitely,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Inexpensive business hotel,"Stayed for business from 30th Nov. to 3rd December 2014. The place is 100 metres away from Russell Square station or a 10 minute walk from Holborn Station (on the same subway line). The entire building is rather old-fashioned. Rooms are small and wi-fi in the rooms is unreliable – you’d better go to a public area. Be aware that the inclusion of breakfast may either mean British or Continental breakfast being included. British breakfast was fine for me but apparently Continental was not an option given my applicable tariff and I would have preferred to have this option. This being said, this is central London after all and paying less than 90 GBP (breakfast included) for a central London hotel is a great find. I can advise anyone to stay if looking for an inexpensive business…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central London,"Great hotel, Just 15 minutes away from King Cross station. The hotel is over the road from Russell Square. I stopped in the single room ( no surcharge) at the back of the hotel over looking the casino.  The hotel is clean the staff are friendly. There is a couple of resturants and bars in the hotel and the sister hotel next door. I went for the three course carvery which was well worth the money. The bar at the front of the hotel ( day and night bar) the prices are a simular or a little cheaper than king cross. A pint of fosters £3.50.  You can have a bar meal .. the fair is burgers .. nachos that sort of thing.   I have stopped hear twice now for the rugby league weekend. After Tring out various other hotels in the area. This is well worth a visit ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bit shabby but ok,"Hotel could do with a little modernisation  we only stayed for one night but staff seemed friendly enough. Breakfast was great and plenty to choose from, deal location for transport bus stop outside and tube around the corner",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",location,"The location is perfect for central London, lots of green nearby, lots of public transportation & easy walk to many attractions. I've been here several times, very traditional in decor, massive dining room. Could do with updating: adding mini bar  & safe.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"This was our second stay at the Imperial, (two couples) rooms were excellent, one room was upgraded to an executive suite. We had a voucher for a meal on the first night, there were three courses, all of us were so pleased with the meal, the staff and the whole experience.  Breakfast was a very good, cereal, yogurt, full English, toast and replenished tea and coffee by very attentive waiters. Rooms were lovely, we were so pleased once again with our stay we have booked to go back again in November. Well done Imperial, and thank you. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",First class service,We chose to stay here as we've stayed several times and always been satisfied. Unfortunately on our 2nd night I was taken ill in the early ours and ended up in hospital. My husband tells me the night staff couldn't have been more helpful. Thank you so much for making a stressful situation easier. We hope to return in the future. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay again!,"We have been staying here for years and the standard now is as good as it was years ago. Very polite staff, good cleaners and bonus of free meal on the first night, and free wi if in bedroom. Well done again !!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal Central London hotel,"The Imperial is part of a large hotel group with several properties in this area of London .Very accessible - two underground stations within walking distance (Holborn and Russell Square) and very regular bus services pass by the hotel. Check-in was prompt and efficient. The room was as expected with everything we needed for our stay; it was well serviced each day. We were on the 8th floor overlooking Russell Square so had a pleasant outlook. The guys at the concierge desk were also most helpful, organising tickets for a coach tour, and taxis as required. Breakfast was included, probably best described as adequate - and with such a large number of people staying in the hotel could be a bit of a shambles. There's a large number of restaurants, pubs etc very close to the property…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tourist trip inc family visit,Found hotel welcoming impressive forefront rooms comfortable and clean well equipped breakfast excellent then first night had evening carvery which again was first class wifi for my grandsons Pokemon and very friendly helpful staff would recommend ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected ,"Booked as part of package rail deal. Only 3 stars so didn't expect much. But nice hotel. Nice Foyer and has resturant and cafe and attached to a sister hotel. Underground 1 min away.  10-15 min walk to Piccadilly circus.  Rooms basic, hairdryer, yes and coffee facilities. Toilet is separate to bath and shower.  No airconditioning so was very hot.  Breakfast buffet was good. Staff friendly. Overall a good place to stay for visiting London.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Old and quite dirty,"I stayed during April 2014 during a business trip in London. The room was old, small and quite dirty. The facility was old too! The British breakfast was the only option, so if you cannot eat eggs make your plans before arriving there.   However, the area is good nearby the British Museum, which makes it really accessible.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for central london,"Have stayed for business and pleasure.  Great location with underground parking and free wifi. A no frills hotel, its not the Ritz but good if you like to be in central London.  Is usually quite noisy with traffic, huge fans at the rear and drunks coming out of the casino at 5am. Will probably stay again though it would be great if they could do something about the noise (and provide mushrooms with the cooked breakfast which is otherwise excellent).",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel.,"Stayed at the President Hotel last year and out of the two the Imperial is a better hotel.    The rooms were clean and tidy, beds were comfortable.  Breakfast was ok, could of been slightly hotter, but plenty of choice.  The hotel bar is very reasonably priced and great for people watching.  Staff very polite.   The evening meal we had at the President because it was included in the price.  It was a basic three course meal, carvery style.  Then a waiter walking round with a pudding trolley.  Food was fine so too the wine.    Location is good, near Euston station and Covent Garden.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice business hotel,"I stayed in this hotel for two night in last November. It is a nice business hotel, which is located almost in the centre of the city. The room was average, but had everything essential. As located next to the street, the noise in the room was quite loud. Wifi was okay and included to the room price. Breakfast was good and had enough choice. The seminar/meeting room was suitable for our meeting and equipped with everything necessary, the decoration in the meeting room was nice. All in all, I recommend this hotel for business trips.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",City-trip in London,"Very enjoyable trip in London, the weather was so beautiful and very hot.  But the hotel was not so delusive!  Rooms were small and there is no air-conditioned ! It was very difficult to open a window and it was very noisy.  The breakfast in the morning was awful !  It was a English breakfast with eggs, porridge, sausages.... but nothing else for people who do not eat this food in the morning ! No cheese, no fruit and no brown bread.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Still!l the best value in London!,"I stayed here on my own this time on my own. I had a perfectly adequate single room.  I paid £99 per night with breakfast and dinner on the first night, which was excellent. Prices for all drinks throughout the hotel are by London standards very reasonable. I am 78years old with mobility difficulties. The staff,particularly those in the Atrium lounge could not have been more helpful. I will be back.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just location,"At 99 pounds/day for a single room you would expect at least a decent wifi, a bathroom without leakages, a breakfast that would include cheese on the menu for those not eating eggs and bacon, a water kettle that works and a tv that works. The only positive thing about this hotel is its location.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location all facilities work ,"Was booked there for a book launch. Single rooms a tight fit but enough after flying for hours. Shower/bathtub was good.  Front desk and staff are very friendly, breakfast is nice.  One single ride from Heathrow to Russell Square station. Close to tante Brunswick, cafeterias,  sainsburys, British museum and Bloomsbury of course.  Good for a morning run at the park.  ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable Stay,"Have read mixed reviews about this hotel so I wasn't expecting much however I booked a single room & got a family room. And it was bright, clean & comfortable including the bathroom. Towels were soft & large enough so I was really pleased. I had a cocktail in the bar in the evening whilst listening to three excellent musicians. The staff were friendly & helpful.  The downsides were that there was no iron & board in the room so I had to go up to the 6th floor and use their iron/board in the linen room. It was awkward as had to move the lrg bin to hold open the door so guests passing by could see me ironing. That said the iron didn't look up to much but it worked really well on my linen dress. They also provided a water spray.  The breakfast was haphazard & we weren't told where…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ok handy for theatre land,i stayed  with my brother and his wife we  had taken our grandson to see the tower and imperial war museum and then natural history museum we had triple room twin beds and a double sofa bed very comfortable slept well room 539 5th floor to get to tower turn left out of hotel go straight down southampton row at the bottom aldwytch turn left and get the 14 bus to the tower if going to  trafalgar square  get the 91 bus outside the hotel and will take you to trafalgar sq where it ends you can walk to most sightseeing places give or take 10/20 mins if coming back from natural history museum catch the number 14 bus will take you to piccadilly circus beware check restaurant for service charges they could be in small print we had a meal and got bill there was a £14 service charge it was…,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central London hotel ,"We stayed here 2 nights on a superbreak package, we thought it was a lovely hotel. Staff are very friendly and helpful, hotel spotlessly clean, rooms adequate, shower bath, separate toilet, our room was on the 8th floor overlooking the park at russel square, never spent much time in the hotel as the weather was fantastic, we did have buffet breakfast each morning, it was nice. Your usual English breakfast, we did spend a couple of nights in the day night bar, this bar is lovely, the hotel is with walking distance to lots of attractions ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A known place where I can try a week stay,"This hotel is chosen by my friends and colleagues who visit London and recommended by them. This is a budget hotel with room and breakfast and free wifi, best suitable for a business trip, where I may come here only to spent the night.  The food in this place is not good, however, many restaurants are available nearby. The rooms are very small but the room heater was good and the bath rooms were neat and clean.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality not too expensive,I stayed at this hotel as part of a super breaks package. The package came with a free 3 course meal on the first night at one of the parent groups many hotels in the area. This was a nice touch. Also free buffet breakfast which is a big money saver. The room was vaery nice with a toilet seperate to the bathroom and a bath/shower. My room was on the 7th floor and had a nice view over the park at Russell Square. The tube was a 5 minute walk and Euston station a ten minute walk. Lots of nice airy public spaces to chill out and lots of onsite choices for food and drink. Free WIFI another big plus. My room had 2 minor faults a plug socket that as dead and the shower head leaked. Both minor issues. Over all very pleased.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the money,"Imperial Hotel  staff are very welcoming and accommodating. While it is an older hotel they keep it clean, very clean. Depending on your selection of room it can be very basic or larger like the room for 3 people. Full English breakfast was included with the cost of our room. It was served in the Elizabethean Dining Room...white tablecloths and service of coffee/ tea table side. The buffet had a variety of English foods. The hotel has a lovely lounge area shared with the President Hotel (which is in the same hotel group ) with bar and snacks. Location is perfect...3 minute walk to Russell Square tube station. Imperial Hotel is 1 stop away from Leicester Square and 2 stops from Covent Gardens. It is also walking distance to the British Museum and to Oxford Street. There is a…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very central and great service,Very central to everywhere. Walkable to shops including Primark. Close to tube station. Night & Day cafe excellent for light meal. Room was spacious and as it room looked over the street and park it was noisy but expected. Good for people watching! We received outstanding service from Johnny an Irish porter. He went out of his way to assist us with contacting an airline when we couldn't get through on the internet. He actually rung through for us and because of what he did it made it less stressful for us at the airport. Breakfast was very good with ample choices.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great price for the location!,"I regularly stay here with my colleague as it's very reasonably priced given its location and it has parking below which is only £18 for 24 hours, again a great price given the location.  Staff are always polite on arrival , check in is a bit fussy / old fashioned having to fill in bits of paper when you have already done this on line and their system does not remember you from previous stays ! Come on guys move with the times !  The bedrooms are clean and functional but make sure you ask for a room on the courtyard side to avoid the road noise, the 'split bathroom' are a bit unusual but you normally get a decent shower with good pressure.  The 'night and day' bar is a good spot for a few pints and is normally busy with good atmosphere.  Breakfast in the morning is best avoided,…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Wimbledon Trip,"We had seen this hotel in previous visits to London, but this was the first time we stayed there. Good news is it will not be the last. Checking in was effortless and the staff were very efficient and friendly. Fortunately we had been upgraded to an executive room, so for the 4 nights of our stay it was nice to have some extra space and a comfy couch to sit on. The hotel has 6 lifts, so there were no delays waiting on the lifts to appear. Breakfast was served in a large room in the first floor. My only minor criticism is that there was no Continental option - only cereal or a full English from the buffet. Whilst it was very tasty and we enjoyed it, not everybody likes a cooked breakfast. Again, the staff were very friendly, attentive and efficient. Located near to Russell Square…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cutest single room ever!,"This is a lovely hotel, in a very good location.  I stayed for one night and had the cutest single room I've ever stayed in.  Yes, the mattress was harder than I'm used to, but I still slept.  I loved the 3 switches next to the bed for the lights and tv.  Breakfast was fresh.  I had a sandwich and mocktail in the downstairs bar the night before and they were both freshly made.  I'd stay here again, given a good deal.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location,"Great location only minutes from the tube station, Hotel doesn't look the greatest from the outside but once you are inside if anything a little dated but very clean. Quick & easy check in given wifi codes on check in and yellow slips you need to take to breakfast with you. Room again a little dated but it served its purpose for the one night stay, good size room & bathroom. I do warn you the casino next door is open all night so if you are a light sleeper you do hear some noise of people leaving late night/early morning. Breakfast was very good I must say.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I stayed here for one night in a twin room with my son. Our room was at the front of the hotel on the top floor with great views over Russell Sq and the London skyline. The location was great with plenty of bars, cafe's etc on our doorstep and a tube station within a minutes walk. The hotel entrance and lobby are impressive with a large bar area too. The staff on reception for check in/out were very pleasant and good at their jobs. The room was a bit small but adequate for us and we didn't spend much time there anyway so it was ok.....the view from the window was awesome. The buffet breakfast was ok but I've had better. I suppose everything was there but I like a bananna and yogurt for breakfast but there wasn't any available. But I did enjoy what I ate and the dining room was…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I'd pay extra for a proper mattress,"I stay at this group's hotels a lot. The Imperial is professionally run, the staff are pleasant and the lobby, reception and cafes and restaurants are very nicely decorated, etc but the mattresses are really old and need updating. I always sleep on a spring. If Travel Lodge can do it - why not Imperial Group?",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service...could do with a Facelift,I stayed on a business trip at The Imperial as a Meeting was being held here by my company. The outside of the hotel on the road needs a facelift for sure as first impressions count.  Once you go down the side of the hotel to the entrance it actually looks a lot better. The reception staff we really friendly and offered us a choice of where our room could be. The Wifi password was offered without me having to ask and they gave me all the details about where we could get food and where breakfast was served and between what times. My room was on the 7th floor facing the courtyard. It was quiet which was good for London. You could however see into the other hotel rooms on the right hand side so had to have my curtains shut the entire time as there was no privacy. Rooms are equipped…,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location! Good Hotel!,"stayed in this hotel for days. The lobby was lovely! This hotel is in a great location in Russell Square (Near to ""tube"" 2 munities walk) and you can walk from the hotel to the ST. SHOH for    munities. I recommended this hotel!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Contiki European Excursion in London ,"My friends and I were booked to stay at the Imperial Hotel on a trip with Contiki Travel. The lobby was nice and old school modern with helpful members of staff who provided info and directions of the local area. The rooms were very dated minus the common hotel room necessities. The shower was acceptable yet decent either froze you or sizzled you. The breakfast was average but not much selection or daily variety other than cereal, sausage, eggs, beans, toast, hash browns, and fruit...I liked that there was breakfast staff every morning. The Imperial is located in a great spot between numerous gift shops, gorgeous park with view, and the Underground(tube). I enjoyed my stay although the room was so basic with an attempt to appear luxurious.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average 3 star hotel ,"Stayed here on a trip with college. The lobby was lovely with only the single rude member of staff acting as if we weren't paying guests. The rooms were very dated and without hair dryer, slippers or a safe which I didn't like and the shower either froze you or sizzled you. The breakfast was average not much selection other than cereal bacon egg or toast but in a great location between the train and the tube. Would say it was a bit pricey for the room seen as it was so basic and I would advice you to have a look at online deals on other hotels closer to the centre as you could probably find a luxury one for the same price.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"This hotel is in a great location in Russell Square. Easy to travel around London by tube (station near) and straight line ""Piccadilly"" from Heathrow to the hotel. The British museum really near.  Breakfast quite nice, althougt some fresh fruits and fresh cucumbers and tomatoes would have been nice to have. We would stay again here. The lack of aircondition was no problem at least not when we were here: end of June and early in July.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The hotel is very dated. The twin room was very small but clean, with just the basic amenities. There's no AC, although the old windows didn't let the temperature in the room go high, it was quite chilly at night despite it being summer.  The hotel is perfectly located within a 3-minute walk to the subway and several bus stops around.  Breakfast was good and the staff is very polite.  I would recommend staying there if you don't plan to spend much time inside.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel near the British Museum,"This hotel is quite nice and in a great location in Russell Square.  It is quite convenient if you plan on visiting the British Museum.  Overall, we preferred staying at another hotel near Fleet Street but this hotel was perfect for the day we spent at the British Museum. Friendly and clean.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary trip,The hotel was picked due to the location as we wanted to explore the British museum and had a show booked at the Lyceum. It was perfect in that respect. The room and hotel was clean and well presented and the reception staff where efficient  and helpful. Breakfast was buffet service and was OK staff in the restaurant where a little miserable. I would stay again as the issues are small and the location makes up for them.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Travel for business,Perfect for my needs. Located in Russell Square at foot distance (2 blocks) from the British Museum and the University of London. Good both continental and English breakfast. Nice table service. No noise.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great,"We had a 3 night stay here,the room was clean and comfortable  but I found it strange that the toilet was separate from the bathroom with no sink in it,  Our room overlooked the square which was nice but very noisy a lot of traffic noise(mind we live in a quiet village) Breakfast was good and the night and day bar is great for meals and drinks are very reasonably priced. We would definatly stay here again. I would just add that Russell Square tube take the lift😊",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Comfort at Russell Square,",Our comfortable room had views of Russell Square. There is a spacious breakfast room with a delicious selection of food and attentive waiting staff. After a busy day of sightseeing we enjoyed a delicious meal of fish and chips in the restaurant at the hotel.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great ,"This hotel is lovely , basic but clean and in a lovely location and close to everything you would need in London .tram train and tubed located very close and near a lovely park in the heart of the city . Well recommended to anyone on a short visits ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Few Tipas about the Imperial Hotel,"Located on the corner of Russel Square, it is an easy walk from the tube.  Just recommend that you take “the lift up” from the tube.  There are so many steps.  The Imperial is located next to a casino and the entrance to the hotel facing the casino and sharing a small roundabout.  The foyer area is huge and the staff friendly.  There is even a bellhop if you need one.  We were given an upgraded “larger” room away from the main road.  There was a couch and the bathroom was large.  We did notice “small” rooms, and they were small.  I don’t think we would have liked those rooms.  We found out soon enough the room did not have AC.  The windows did open, partially.  There was little breeze and in the daytime we felt it was stuffy.  A fan could be had from house-keeping for a ten…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away to see Sunny Afternoon!!,"I absolutely love this hotel, whether I am with my husband and family or having a cheeky break with friends! It is central for Covent Garden, British Museum, Saint Paul's and many others all being within walking distance. The staff, without exception are so friendly, and the breakfast is excellent. The rooms are more than adequate for a short break, and yes, it is quite noisy if you are in a front room, but that is to be expected.  All in all, a great place to stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"Location is perfect near to Metro and markets, restaurants.Sleep quality is low due to aircondition noise putside the buikding and housekeeping disturbing at weekends. The staff is not warm and smiling. Breakfast is poor",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend with friends,"Great location, so close to Covent Garden and central attractions. Easy to walk anywhere from here. Good value for such a large, busy hotel. Clean, comfortable and lovely view of Russell Square from the room. Can't escape the noise of traffic all night -  it is central London after all!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one night,"The hotel is very dated and would benefit from an overhaul. The breakfast was nice and our room was clean. The service was ok.  The location is good, a few minutes walk from the tube and lots of buses and taxis going by. There was a few shops and restaurants nearby too.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,I am staying at the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square. It is clean and very good for the price. The staff are very helpful and the food is great. I got a reduction in price and a complimentary free Guest meal on first night too! I recommend it book through their website and get further discount don't use Hotel Travago.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but needs some help","My Husband and I stayed here for 7 nights in June 2016.  First off, the location is excellent, very short walk to the tube, lots of buses, British Museum, and shops and restaurants to choose from.  Tesco is just round the corner by the tube, and Sainsbury's down the street for your convenience items.   The hotel itself is clean, but tired and in need of sprucing up, friendly maids always ready with a smile and a hello when we seen them in the hallways, rooms nothing spectacular, but comfortable, the shower is great - lots of hot water, and terrific power.  We were in a room overlooking the courtyard, which we hoped would be quieter than the ones facing the Square.  Unfortunately, we were awakened every single night, between about midnight and 5:30 am by patrons of the Casino. …",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff,"Stayed here for a 1 night stay with my boyfriend, lovely room seemed recently refurbished nice and clean, fantastic fast shower!  Went down for breakfast in the morning and it was buffet style full english cooked well and very tasty! I needed to print some things off my email for the visit and the reception staff were so helpful,it wasnt working but they did everything they could until it did! Fabulous customer service.  They have a place to store luggage for 50p each which is fab when you dont want to walk around with cases all day. Overall did the job and would stay again :)",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,Stayed at the Imperial on 14th and 15th June. Rooms are nothing extravagant but spotless clean with daily housekeeping service. Great breakfast and friendly/helpful staff. Fantastic location for all sightseeing. A few reviews had complained re noise levels - we were overlooking the main square and although it wasn't silent it was definitely not excessive. Its London folks don't think it will ever be quiet.  Will definitely return and would have no hesitation to recommend.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Tired hotel,"We stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights in May. The hotel is located close to many sights in London including Russell Square tube station Location is a plus plus.   It is rated as a 3 star hotel and is a bit tired and needs a renovation. Rooms are small. Unfortunately the heating was not working in either of the two rooms we occupied so it was cold overnight and we could not be moved.   I prefer 4 star or better hotels, so I did not enjoy my stay here, but if you are ok with 3 star accommodation the Imperial is superbly located for the tourist.    An old hotel with small rooms needing a make over. Great location. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, not great rooms","This hotel is in a terrific location in London within walking distance to so many of the attractions and very close to an underground station.  The location feels very safe to walk around.  I did feel it was quite overpriced for what we got.  We checked in and found that we had been given a room with two single beds.  This was most disappointing and when we asked to be moved, they said they only had one floor of double bed rooms.  Had we known this beforehand we probably would not have booked this hotel, it's not something we have heard of before where there is only a small number of rooms with double beds.  The staff were nice enough and the breakfast buffet was quite generous and the rooms were clean. I think the main thing this hotel has going for it is the location as well…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Much less expensive than many,Enjoying an ideal but hidden location feet away from Russell Square and yards from the British Museum the Imperial Hotel offers an outstanding vantage point for visitors to London. The breakfast is very good and adequate to keep the indefatigable traveller buoyant all day.. The accommodation prices are very reasonable - at least by central London standards. The rooms are spacious enough and kept clean. A visit is strongly recommended.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","This hotel is so well placed. Round the corner from the tube but we walked everywhere. The Shard, Sky Garden, Leadenhall Market...and Oxford Street! 😆 It has a very spacious lobby with helpful, friendly reception staff. Lifts are plenty and frequent. We had room 912 with a view of the BT Tower. The room next to us could see The Shard and Sky Garden. Room was clean with everything you'd need. Separate toilet which is unusual. Beds and pillows good. Breakfast was excellent. Decent choice. We got the free evening meal on the second night. Went round the corner to The President for their carvery...very good!  Wouldn't hesitate to go back again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and nice visit,"Stay for 3 nights with a friend. Room on the 9th floor. Decent size and very comfy beds. Overlooked the courtyard and noise was at a decent level. In the afternoon the sun shone thru the windows and made the room really hot, too hot and there wasn't any air con and the windows only opened a small way so following some advice from other reviews and requested a fan from the front desk. Was told that the rooms were occasionally warm in the summer but shouldn't be now by a man on the front desk. I offered for him to please come and see how hot it was and if he was able to sleep in a room that hot!!! He eventually said if I wanted I could go to housekeeping on the 3rd floor n ask them but he couldn't do anything. Not really impressive. Went to the housekeeping office and saw the head…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel shame about the bed,"just stayed in the imperial hotel , lovely hotel , few points to note breakfast good variety , no croissants , cereals ,juice,soft toast (keep it warm in a ban marie ) eggs,bacon,sausages,beans,tomatoes. staff serving brekkie very helpful. bed very hard stayed on 7th floor , staff on reception also very helpful. carvery was a disaster although this was a free meal, beef very nice , lovely roast potatoes, but they ran out of veg , said it would be about 6 mins , informed staff i would wait , the veg arrived peas and sugar snap peas .pudding was served on a trolley which was not cooled in any way , deceided to give it a miss. good points , the atrium bar was a nice place to have coffee , prices very cheap . overall good base in which to explore London, tube station very close .  i…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another visitor to The Imperial,"Another very enjoyable visit to The Imperial. We had a front room with a lovely view over Russell Square. The staff were just wonderful and the room excellent. Two day booking gave us one evening dinner included, which was very nice. We had a huge prawn salad and roast beef - more fabulous roast beef , roast potatoes and Yorkshires than we could eat and a lovely Black Forest gateau with fresh cream after. Just one thing, the gravy was absolutely tasteless, which was a shame as good gravy makes a meal. Also there is a full English included and it is excellent. There is an outside bar terrace, but the chairs are sunken in the base and the whole outside was frankly dirty and needed a really good clean. We will be booking again, but I hope the outside bar terrace is much cleaner as…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bad experience,"Lobby staff and location good but otherwise very bad. Morning tea tasted of coffee and when asked why we're told the pot had not been cleaned from coffee, and in general the breakfast was poor. On the morning of our checkout we went for breakfast at 8 am and came back to a maid stripping the room, door wedged open  and all our personal possessions accessible to anyone! Yes we did complain to the concierge who was helpful and we wrote a complaint in the hotel and despite following emails have not been given any reasons for the lack of security and due process. We do not recommend.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here for one night mid week. Lifts and corridors very dated but the room was nicely decorated and clean. My partner commented on how comfortable the bed was, I liked the size of it! One complaint about the room was the windows were old and had no safety catches so glad our children weren't with us as I would have felt very nervy about being in there. The breakfast was nice, overall very happy with our stay there.  We didn't use the tube or buses, instead we walked to places like Leicester Sq, Oxford st, Downing Street and Buckingham a Palace.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly situated,"I stayed here for 8 days while in London and after the first day I noticed that the hotel is perfectly situated in London. Close to both Russell Square Station and Holborn Station, you have easy and quick access to the Tube and the hotel is an easy 10-15 minute walk to Oxford Street and The Thames River.  The hotel its self was nice, the staff friendly and the breakfast was good. The room was a little dated and the chair in my room had seen better days but other than that it was good.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,Lovely hotel! The room was comfortable and after a 17 hour flight over the pond the beds were very comfortable! The staff there were very kind and helped us with any questions we had regarding places to go and things to see.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend and show.,"Stayed at the Imperial Hotel Russell Square on a recent trip to London,it's a nice hotel with friendly helpful staff but the best thing about it is the location,Russell Square tube station is about 400 yards along the road and it's then 2 stops into Covent Garden,you'll stay in better hotels but the Imperial is reasonably priced with it's location being the key.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Good Hotel in a good location, good service. Stayed 2 nights and enjoyed a evening meal on our 1st evening  which was included in the price. Help yourself buffet breakfast in the morning to set you up for the day.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",costs,"if you are going to eat at this hotel in a group capacity beware you will have to pay for a roll to go with the soup, a bit tightfisted i think. the food is good and the staff are excellent and look very embarrassed to have to charge the group for rolls.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",NEEDS RENOVATION AND POOR SERVICE,"The hotel needs a lot of renovation, carpets very worn, curtains not attached, lift not working, decoration very tatty. The staff don't seem to care and the breakfast service left a lot to be desired. Not up to the standard of Premier Inns and more expensive. Rooms overlooking the Square very noisy. Not a good experience.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central and comfortable hotel,"We have just spent five days at the Imperial Hotel in Russel Square. Having read previous reviews I have to admit that we were concerned about what we would find. From the beginning at booking in to checking out we found no reason to complain. Friendly reception staff and porters made us feel at home from the start. We had asked for an inner courtyard room as high up as possible which is key if you wish to avoid the traffic from Russel Square/Southampton Row. Our room, apart from looking a bit tired, was comfortable and clean. Bedding is changed daily. Breakfast in the dining room was plentiful and well prepared seeing it was a buffet style. All round a very pleasant experience at a good three star hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Made us fel comfortable!,Service is excellent and we felt they loved us out of our socks! They answer all our qustions and where very  helpful! We Will come back again! The Room was very clean! The only thing there was no refrigator!,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"The Imperial was part of a theatre/hotel weekend package but didnt feel like a bargain escape! The room was spacious,  clean with every amenity and I slept like a log. We did try the afternoon tea in the restaurant this was delicious and not expensive.  Finally the breakfast a full english and catered for everyones taste,  I would recommend a visit.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel has all the basics, and the area is always a base for visits to London. The rooms are an adequate size and bathrooms have been updated maybe this century. Our rooms have always been at the back of the hotel which overlooks a casino and can be noisy in the early hours.  Breakfast has a limited selection eg no yoghurt, fresh fruit or pastries, but the hot breakfast is ok. Summary - a clean, safe and reliable hotel in a great location, but don't expect any frills.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, good value.","This is a good hotel, an easy walk to Covent Garden area and nearby tube stations.  The hotel has plenty to offer; bar, restaurant etc. and the place has a feeling of space about it. The room we had was very hot so I slept with the windows open, the room overlooked the fountain and there was no noise to be heard from the street which is a bonus.  Breakfast is buffet style and was good quality with plenty on offer and friendly service.  I would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, hotel less than average","I had sent an email to hotel and asked for a quiet room. Unfortunately it was not and right after entering the room I called reception and asked for another room. Reception did not like our request because we were a member of a bigger group but luckily they managed to change it anyway. I heard that the other members of our group did not sleep so well due to traffic noise because the sound-proof of the walls is really poor. You could easily hear TV from the room next to yours too.  In the room there was no air conditioning, no minibar, no safety box. The safety box was located in the reception and the rate was acceptable (0,50 GBP/day + 20 GBP deposit which you got back after returning the key). Unfortunately the safety box service was available only from 9AM until evening. So if…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent--for what you pay,Stayed here with a super break deal.Its not the Ritz---but for what it costs---well its more than adequate --- Once you adjust and find where the hotel is located --its a mere breeze to walk down to Covent Garden or Leicester Square----would not hesitate in staying here again--Breakfast was good --but a bit hassled Staff were okay   The hotel is looking a bit tired mind you-----but can they afford to close ?--with it being such a budget based place i reckon its good for the job---getting into London --looking around--enjoying the sights--and then off home AND lastly --yes the noise--well i think thats because the rear rooms look on to the laundry !---it covers the 3 or 4 hotels in the group --and yes--they seem to work all night----did'nt bother us tho,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Small, uncomfortable bed","I stayed here on a business trip and it was the worst hotel I've stayed in in a very long time. The beds are horrible, same with the bedding, so if you want to be comfortable, this isn't the place for you. I don't mind small rooms or twin beds, but the beds shouldn't be so small or uncomfortable. They also do not have any down pillows, just hard foam ones. The shower water temperature never stayed constant, it was either freezing or scalding. The breakfast is rather horrible, especially for those you who like to eat healthy foods. 3 different ways of cooking eggs but not sure how they get their scrambled eggs to be white, bean and meats and cardboard toast. None of the fine breads/cheeses you expect from Europe, no fresh fruit. The hashbrown cakes were not even edible. The…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here if you want to sleep ,"This is the worst hotel I have stayed at in a long time. University College London booked me a room here otherwise I likely would have stayed elsewhere. But the beds are awful as well as the bedding. The beds are extremely hard with springs poking you in the ribs all night. The pillows are hard to. There was no position I could sleep in that didn't hurt my bones or my ears. Perhaps for overweight people the bed is more comfortable but for thin people definitely not. And this poor sleep quality for a hotel that costs more than 100 pounds a night. In other countries it wouldn't be more than 40. I would rate this as a 1star hotel.  The decor is horribly outdated, the shower had a peep hole in it and the toilet seat was broken. breakfast was greasy food and bland white bread. No…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisey Bedrooms,"We have been to this hotel twice, the first time was in summer 2013. On arrival to reception we were given a  room overlooking the rear of the hotel which proved to  have a nice view and a quite surround.= Heaven. On our second visit 2016 ( We had asked on booking to be sited in a room as per the one in 2013 ) but alas we were given a front facing room on the top floor with poorly maintained windows, which allowed lots of traffic noise to pass into the room = Poor and restless sleep. Room advise, Ask at reception which side of the hotel they are putting you. ie- quite or noisey",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Over night stay,"I stayed with three other friends whilst at a meeting and enjoyed the experience. The staff were helpful and the rooms clean. A meal was laid on for a group of 20 of us in a room on the first floor. The food was excellent, service fast and efficient leading to a great night being had by all.",None,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay in London,"very lovely hotel staff friendly, hotel clean, rooms fantastic, the stay was very enjoyable with lovely breakfast, definitely stay here again. this hotel was large also my room looked out to a courtyard area so no noise from the road. easy access to the underground or walking distance from Covent garden,. we used the bar area for a drink and the  prices reasonable, you also could hask for extra coffee and tea for the room.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Walton,"I loved the room and the staff were lovely great breakfast but disappointed that my granddaughter who was going on a contiki tour couldn't have breakfast even though it was paid for. The traffic noise kept us awake all night,could do with double glazing.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break,"2 night stay in Easter holidays. Perfectly located for access to Theatre land  (Russell Square tube is approximately 5 minutes ) and exploring British Museum.  Ramp to entrance to hotel and lift access, restaurants were on ground floor, so no steps.   We stayed on 3rd floor(lift access ), room was clean and bed comfortable. Decor was reasonable, although corridors felt narrow and lighting could have been brighter but that did not spoil our stay.   Excellent service and friendly staff made stay relaxing and pleasant.   Our stay included buffet breakfast both days,  which was very good. The deal also included one night carvery meal in the restaurant and 2 Front Stall tickets to Kinky Boots musical.   Booked through SuperBreak.  Sorry, forgot to take pictures!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but making an effort,"Unfortunately a tired 70's hotel but with very helpful staff. The lifts were somewhat the joke of the weekend being very slow and unavailable ... But an upgrade was in process! Limited breakfast choices but reasonably good quality, apart from the coffee that was awful! Thanks to the staff who were always attentive helpful and courteous. Free wifi but with very limited speed. Room was clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel but a bit tired,First impressions ok and staff helpful. Had a single room at back of hotel very noisy as air con going all night and the window wouldn't close properly so couldn't block mouse out. Room quite cold but clean. Breakfast good. Difficult to get lift at busy times.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean,"This hotel is well situated to Euston & central London. It is basic but clean and good value if you're looking for a place to stay with no frills. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good for what they supplied, but not extensive. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, run down and old",Stayed here for a night as on business.   Cons :  1) Radiator was hot and could not be turned off 2) Noisy room windows 3) Tired rooms 4) Ex-smoking room (smelly mattress) 5) Sinister stains on carpet and walls.  Pros   1) Good location 2) Good location 3) Good location,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great central London reasonable priced option,"Stayed 2 nights for  visit to London with my mum.  Had a twin room facing into the court yard... It was nice and quiet ... Good welcome on arrival and got to check in early ... Reasonable size with decent en suite with separate toilet ... Very central easy to buses and tube and to walk from Russell Square easily to oxford street ... Had a voucher for evening meal included for the first night, ate at the president hotel and it was lovely and great service ... the atrium bar and coffee shop was a great place to relax for a coffee before walking back to the train station after our stay .... Couple of points the radiator was on and we had to ask for it to be turned off as it was hot in the room but it was done promptly so that was great ... The bath seemed to have a bit of a leak as…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location,good services","Stayed here 9th April for 2 nights,good hotel with most attractions easily reached by tube or on foot.Had free evening meal with the visit which was good,the breakfastsat the hotel were excellent each morning with very attentive staff. Felt some room service would have been nice and also a mini bar in the room,but will definatly use this hotel again,Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good price - quality,"The hotel is very good situated and it is clean. The receptionists are very nice and helpful. The breakfast is good as well.  What I didn't like, however, was that on the morning of my leaving (on a Sunday) I was waken up by one of the stuff members asking about the time I would leave the room. It was 8 am, so I wasn't nice.  Otherwise everything is OK, I would recommend it.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central for most attractions and theatres,"Stayed here when visiting London on a theatre break. Chose the hotel for its location to the theatre. The staff are very friendly and helpful and the breakfast very nice. Its a self service breakfast which will suit those with small or large appetites. A decent choice of food thats well presented and tasty. No problem setting yourself up for a days sightseeing and walking. The downside of the hotel is, although our room was very clean it was very much in need of decorating and updating. The weather wasn't very kind and rather cold for the time of year and although the corridors and dining room were warm the radiator in our room was turned off which meant during the night in got rather chilly in the room. I do think a room were the heating is controlled by the guest is best as it…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the money - very good location for a city break in London,"My wife and I booked this hotel for its location (2 minutes walk from Russell Square station). We wanted to see as much of London as we could during our 4 day stay and this hotel was just right as it provided access to the London subway (4-5 stations away from Covent Garden/Piccadilly, very close to Holborn etc). It is actually great value for the money but don't expect anything spectacular. The rooms are clean and the bathrooms as well (seem to be refurbished). The staff at the reception are friendly and helpful but the waiters at the restaurant serving breakfast are far from professional and some of them can barely speak English. The breakfast (both continental and English) are average so I'd recommend going to one of the sandwich/coffee locations nearby for a nice cup of…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel but beds too low,"Great hotel, breakfast was fab, only half minute walk from Russell Square tube station, view from our room was amazing, breakfast was buffet style and it was lovely, great hotel. We had a twin room and the beds were really really law down, but had a great sleep as we had walked for miles. Would definitely recommend this hotel",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",weekend in London,spent an enjoyable 3 nights in the imperial hotel rooms where clean & presentable no issues with staff all helpful & friendly great location for all of London underground just a 2 minute walk away ideal for a weekend stay I could recommend it to anyone & would definitely stay there again,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just Right.,"Given the favourable price point, the Imperial Russel Square is a very good basic hotel. (I get annoyed with people who book a 3 star property and then review it with 5 star expectations). The location - around the corner from a tube station and a bock from the British Museum - is great.  The room was certainly acceptable - clean with everything working. Breakfast was actually surprisingly good.  I noticed a lot of business travelers mixed in with us tourists.  The area is busy and near a large hospital so it was a bit noisy but never really a problem. I would recommend this property to anyone wanting good basic accommodations at an affordable rate.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Fair to say is near to Holborn...but we were on a theatre break booking , and given room 847 next to service lift ☹️ ","Awful.....given a room next to service lift , wake from 630 am I think we were penalised as we were on a ""theatre break"" .....never again   My only good thing to say is .....near too Holborn tube station  The whole place needs a big injection of cash   ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another great visit,One more trip to Imperial. Everything as expected. The room was on 8th floor away from main road as we had requested. Fridge in room as requested. The have replaced the bath towels and new ones are lovely and fluffy. Lifts are being modernised and are now much quicker.  Buffet breakfast still as good. However please try and get toast a bit crispier please. Great location and the drinks in both bars are some of the cheapest we have found in London ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not Bad,Stayed here a couple of days before I went on a tour of Europe. The room is what it is. Nothing fancy about it. Nice place to sleep. I honestly didn't use any of the amenities if there were any. I had a small single room with a twin bed. TV had decent channels. Great location. The underground was right around the corner and there were plenty of shops close by,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location but you absolutely get what you oay for.,"Extremely old dusty falling apart dated rooms. Cracks in ceiling, hair on sheets, holes in carpeting and my asthma/allergies went nuts. Original room we had was on 6th floor and very dusty/dirty and just not comfortable. They were able to change our room very quickly which was nice, moved to room on 3rd floor which didn't feel as dirty but my oh my the noise from traffic since we faced the main road was unbearable. The first night was rough, but the other few days of our stay were just ok only because we were zonked out from walking around all day but I would still awake from noise at least 2 to 3 times each night. The breakfast was not good either. It was either very overcooked or very undercooked, coffee had this burnt medicinal flavor, potatoes were fried beyond being edible…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, near lots of restaurants, and decent value if use discount site","I thought £134 for two weekend nights very good value through a discount site, the hotel's site, even at business discount rate, being more expensive. Admittedly, got a very small single room, but the facilities were fine, and bed comfortable. Breakfast was somewhat limited, being standard fried affair, with no option to imbibe bread and cheese, cured meats, muesli etc as in many hotels. There was some fresh fruit and cereals. The toast was done in batches, and was pre-toasted and left in a tray beside cooked bacon and eggs etc, the result being it was decidedly soggy. However, for the price it was all very fair value.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location & Hotel Not Bad,The Good: We booked this hotel through Superbreak.  Included in the price was a free evening meal that could be eaten at several restaurants in the group of hotels that Imperial belongs to.  Also included was a free riverboat trip.  The hotel is only about a fifteen minute walk from Kings Cross Station.  The area roundabout is nice.  Russell Square is directly opposite.  There is a tube station just around the corner and there is a small shopping centre with shops and restaurants close by.  The staff were all very helpful.  Our room was absolutely fine - nicely decorated and with a good view.  Wifi good.  Room was quiet.  The Okay:  The breakfast wasn't too bad - perhaps a continental option would have been nice for anyone who didn't fancy a cooked breakfast.  The Not So Good: …,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, needs renovation","The location is perfect, within walking distance to the west end, very close to the tube. It certainly needs renovation especially the rooms and bathrooms. Breakfast was ok, it also has a nice bar. Not a bad experience overall",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great staff","Stayed here for one night when we were seeing a show in nearby West End (10 minutes away) Friendly staff throughout the hotel always chatty and smiling. The staff were very helpful helping us from the car park (£18 for 24 hours) in the lift (which needed key access) Small confusion with the booking but I'm not sure if that's the hotel or the booking company's fault, I'd err on the later to be fair! Room (338) was spacious, clean, well decorated and surprisingly quiet considering the busy road close by. The bed was extremely comfortable with adequate pillows.  One complaint was the coffee both in the room and the restaurant! The room coffee was undrinkable and the restaurant coffee wasn't much better (surely this could be addressed?) As for the restaurant breakfast, there was…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",SHORT STAY IN LONDON,"Clean small room on top floor, no air-con,  if you open the window its noisy, food is a bit bland, staff are surly, basic facilities, a non welcoming reception are the good points. Close to Russell Square tube station so very handy to get to the Theatre Land just 2 to 3 stops away. If you go get an Oystercard.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",pleasant stay with minor criticism,"Very nice hotel with pleasant and helpful reception and porter staff.  Room was clean and comfortable and we had breakfast included. However three small criticisms 1 The toilet in our room was separate from the bathroom, however there was no wash basin in the toilet which personally I find a little unhygienic....there is room for a small one in the toilet but you have to open the door, cross the hallway and open the bathroom before you can wash your hands 2 the toast at breakfast was like cardboard .... some of the bread hardly looked as though it had seen a toaster at all  3 the windows were a little draughty and sadly only (I think) single glazed so some outside noise travels through particularly when people are arriving and leaving both the hotel and the casino  One of the…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday break,Me and my husband stayed at the imperial for 2 nights. The location was brilliant round the corner from Russell Square tube which is one stop from Kings Cross. Tesco near by. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. They upgraded me and my husband to executive double room the room was very spacious. The TV was very small but we was just sleeping in the room. The bathroom was very spacious to. Sometimes the room was warm sometimes cold but there was blankets in the room. We had breakfast in the hotel which was very good. Plenty of choice. We ate at Saracens carvery it was OK but needs to be more choice on the carvery and would easier to help yourself to veg and potatoes. I would recommend the atrium bar for afternoon tea it was lovely warm scones and strawberries.…,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good, clean and comfortable, but don't bother with breakfast.","We had a twin room, which was comfortable and clean (although a little odd having a separate loo from the bathroom but with no sink with the loo), if you would like a quieter room ask for one overlooking the courtyard rather than Russell Square itself.  Breakfast was very disappointing, the first morning it was all lukewarm, including the coffee and quite tasteless, on the second morning it was a little hotter and we had tea which was much hotter than the coffee, but all very bland and for £15 per person I wish we had just gone out for freshly cooked breakfast locally. The morning staff were quite stern and didn't seem to be able to smile much.  The bar served lovely fresh sandwiches and snacks and all the staff were friendly and helpful.  They also have a Night and Day Pub bar…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay,"I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel with my mother. We stayed for 4 nights. The room was very clean and comfortable, a little dated but the beds were comfortable and I had all the facilities I needed e.g. coffee making facilities. The hotel staff were VERY helpful and friendly and went out of their way to help us. The dining room needed updating but the food was good and plentiful. Good location with bus stops right outside and only a short walk to the underground and a short bus ride to Euston Station and Oxford street.. Plenty of shops and restaurants around the area. I have booked to stay again this year, would recommend.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",london short stay,"have just stayed at this hotel for short break.It was very conveniently located for the theatre and British Museum.The staff were friendly and helpful.The room was quiet and I slept well. However, there was no obvious way to turn the radiator on in the room but there was an extra blanket. Breakfast was ok but food was cold. I felt hassaled to leave my room by the housekeeping staff, at 8.30 am and again at 9.30am, even though check out was allowed up to 11 am.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location great value,Very well located close to British Museum easy walk to Oxford  Street and short taxi ride to most other attractions including theatreland. Around 90 pounds by black cab from Heathrow and  hotel arranged a mini cab to return to Heathrow for 65 pounds which turned out to be a Mercedes with a good polite driver -well recommended.  Hotel itself is part of the Imperial Hotels group which has a number of hotels in the area the President is right next door and a walk through without going outside. Atrium bar/cafe serves snacks and reasonably priced drinks and the Night & Day Bar had some good pub grub the Saracen Carvery in the President offers excellent value carvery three courses for less than 20 pounds and there is often a deal with the first night's dinner included with some decent…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Not the best hotel, but was reasonable for the price you pay.","Imperial Hotel wouldn't have been our first choice to stay at in London. However, as we were departing for a tour from another nearby hotel, the Imperial was the best choice in the area and on our budget.   The Hotel and Rooms were ok. Nothing fancy. There was free Wifi at least.   Our package for the hotel also included tickets to a Musical, in which we saw Wicked (one of my wifes favorite musicals) so that was a bonus.  All in all, the Imperial is a decent hotel  considering how expensive Accommodation in London is.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good price for the location ,"Worth the money: average room, a bit noisy despite the 4th floor, well cleaned. Breakfast was average with enough choice of savoury and sweet. Value for money for the location, short distance from Covent Garden.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great if your not a breakfast person,"Lovely hotel (bit shabby) exactly why you'd expect from a 3 star hotel and more ,bed  very comfortable staff pleasant all the thins u want from a hotel,but then we come to breakfast. Every morning there is plenty of choice bacon ,beans,eggs,sausages hash browns but for a hot breakfast its all very COLD ,cold bacon ,cold sausages cold beans and so on toast is very limy a bit like soggy cardboard even for a 3 star hotel you would expect them to get this right there is cereal as well which is fine but if ypou are expecting a cooked breakfast expect a cold one. This my only gripe I feel if they could get this right it would be the perfect place to stay in london",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Having stayed in the President Hotel (sister hotel to the Imperial), I was anticipating another good experience. I was not disappointed. The room was spotlessly clean, and although I was concerned that the windows did not open, and the room would be too hot, this was not the case. If I were to have one immediate complaint it was that the desk staff were a little surly.  Breakfast was good (as expected), but I would have liked to have seen maybe a selection of pastries. That did not detract in any way from the food on offer.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely  hotel ,"Hotel lovely  inside,  very big.  Rooms are comfortable  . Hairdryer  and  tea and coffee  available with kettle.   Plenty  of  food and drinks  in various  restaurants.  Would recommend  3 course meal  and cooked breakfast.    Not far from Oxford Street  . Will definitely  book soon.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff but rooms needs renovation,"I was on a business trip in January, and accommodated here. The hotel was not of our own choice, but booked by the trip organizer.  To list the negatives first:  - The building itself is a mould pit, at least some of the rooms are. Some of my colleagues got symptoms like sore throat, stuff coming from their lungs and one lady lost her voice in a minute she had entered her room (he voice came back a while after leaving to a new room). My lungs were full of weird, green stuff in the mornings, which disappeared during the days spent elsewhere and never experienced again after returning home. I presume the stuff came from the wall-to-wall-carpets as the cleaners used very heavy, industrial vacuum cleaners. Wouldn't hurt to change those carpets in the near future.  - Awful designing…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent staff and excellent value for money,I use this hotel regularly and I'm always always impressed with the friendly staff and I also like the fixed price structure. The room was comfy and the bar was not over expensive. Breakfast was OK and the location is excellent for a city stay.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, fairly priced, great location","I stayed at the imperial Russell square on my recent visit to London. The rooms at the imperial were a little outdated, but it was in such a convenient place for my Contiki tour that was starting from a nearby hotel the next day.  It was very close to Russell square station and bus stops.  If you're looking for decent, budget accomodation then this is the place for you.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly and welcoming.,"I had booked a single room with breakfast included for two nights, upon arrival I was upgraded to a lovely double room. Room and bathroom spotless. Comfy bed with quality bed linen. Breakfast lovely. Service very friendly and efficient, As a solo diner I appreciated the fact that the table was set for one and not as usually experienced for two with the cutlery and or chair being removed when I sat down to dine alone-nice touch..The nicest UK hotel I've stayed in, will be back!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be too hard on this hotel!,"Due to a family member being in a nearby hospital I've found myself having an extended stay in this hotel. I have been most comfortable and feel very safe here. It is a 3 star hotel, not 4 star and reviewers need to remember this. The hotel is in a great location - minutes from the underground and the hospitals. My room is a single on 3rd floor. I have everything I need and it is warm and comfortable. Anyone too cold or too hot only needs to contact reception and they will happily help with any problems. The room is not trendy and a little worn in places - but again, it is 3 star, not 4! Everything works well. Water is hot, bath and shower work well. Everything is very clean. Wifi works well in my room. Breakfast is more than adequate.  I enjoy sitting in the public areas,…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",a good budget hotel,The imperial is a budget hotel in an excellent location.Yes the décor is  a bit tired but the friendly staff spotless rooms and bedding more than make up for this.We had only one problem and that was that the room was very hot and we couldn't turn off the radiator however after contacting reception housekeeping quickly solved our problem. Breakfast was more than adequate indeed myself and my friends have never had so many cups of coffee /tea as they were constantly filled up by the waiters. It is therefore an hotel I would recommend to anyone.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A curate's egg,"Well, it's in a great location and it's really cheap for that location. When you arrive the reception/lobby is really quite grand in a traditional and slightly jaded fashion. All e reception staff are really helpful. The rooms are tiny, however, and the beds not the comfiest. Rooms on the front suffer from traffic noise all night long, do best to ask for a high room at the back. Breakfast is something of an experience - don't forget your yellow card or you won't slip by the wily old chap that gets the guests. Tables are laid out in rows so you end up sitting next to complete strangers.  Breakfast itself is plentiful but low in quality although the coffee is great! All in all if you just need somewhere to sleep this is pretty good value for money, the staff are great but overall…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good and not expensive hotel that provides everything you need for your vacation in London,"The hotel is very nice, well equipped and the staff is welcoming and friendly. The rooms are clean, warm and cosy. In the hotel itself there is a day and night bar which serves drinks and food until 1 a.m so it is convinient especially when all the other bars/restaurants/cafe's in London are closed at about 10-11 p.m. We got a room with 2 separate beds and when I asked to replace the room with one double bed, Jenifer from reception did it with a smile 😍. Breakfast is good, and the dining room is always tidy and neat. Good free wi-fi is all around the hotel. The location is excellent. It is one minute walk from the Russel Squre underground stop( to a faster access to the underground you pass through another hotel which is next to Imperial and shares a lobby) On the main street…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lacklustre London Hotel,"This is quite possibly the least inspiring hotel experience I have had in a long while.  I had a terrible nights sleep.  The room was cold, proper cold.  To be honest I don't like a hot or even a very warm room but this place was something else.  I found it difficult to raise my temperature in the bed even with the supplied fleece throw.  There was also a constant humming noise generated by one of the hotels facilities, it wasn't just the sound of London which I am used to.  I am not a light sleeper but twice during the night I was woken by the bars bottle-bin being emptied in the central quadrangle.  The shower was passible and helped to warm me up in the morning but the towels were hard and scratchy, they were also Smurf-sized-small.     This hotel needs a full re-furbish,…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the Polar Bears!,"Okay, we all know that with less than $ 200/night for a double room one can not expect the best that London has to offer, and in fact this was the case for our recent stay at the Imperial Hotel, in Bloomsbury. There is a lot to say about it, and it is a mixed bag.  First the GOOD: you can't beat the location! Russell square is walking distance from the British Museum and from many other important spots; it is just a stone throw away from the Piccadilly Line, which is extremely convenient. The staff is nice, the place is clean, it has direct access to a lounge in common with the President Hotel, and to the Russell Square casino (if you are that type). The shower works very well. The free wi-fi works as a charm and the door key locks never gave us a problem.  The BAD: well the…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,The hotel was in a great location.we parked the car hotel under hotel and it stayed there for 3 days.the room was great for what we needed.it was so warm in the room.certainly not afraid to keep heating on.Marton on the reception desk was very friendly and helpful.all the staff was good.my only let down was breakfast.there wasn't much choice.but the food was hot and restaurant was clean.certainly stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Small, freezing, and noisy","I stayed in a twin share room with a friend on December 30th. Our room was very small, which I understand is common in Europe. The main issue was the windows. They would not close properly and this issue was not just in our room, as our friends said the same about their room. Because they would not close, it was very cold and loud because of the location in Russell square",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Stay,Stayed here for four nights over Christmas and really enjoyed it. The staff were really approachable and helpful especially the porters. Rooms were a good size although my partner and I were given two single beds (which we didn't care about at that stage of the trip) but just FYI to others. The breakfast whilst had a lot to offer I didn't enjoy as much. But the bar in the lobby was very good and good price beers. Location was brilliant and really close to the tube. Never got a taxi the whole time. Would highly recommend this hotel. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed for 4 nights. Great location for tube and walking for first time visitor to London. Single room was compact but had everything I needed. Extraction fan in bathroom would be useful. Buffet breakfast good to start the day, although tea & coffee left a lot to be desired - stewed I think! Staff were friendly and helpful. Overall a positive experience.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable Christmas break,"Just spent the last 4 nights here, nice enough hotel, some issues though. Food was good, not sure how it's normally done, but the Christmas meals we had were done in a buffet style, go up and choose your own, plenty of choice and portions very good.  Staff in restaurants all pleasant, especially Henry.  Could do with teaching some of the staff to wait until a table has finished the course, before clearing around you, made it fell rushed at times. Room was ok, had booked a triple room (all that was available) for me, my wife and son. Son ended up with a pull-out instead, not the most comfortable for him, but we had a larger room. Hotel really needs to sort the extractor fans in the bathrooms, apparently non of them work, so everything ends up soaked after 1 shower, let alone 3!…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Package Break,"Stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights from the 24th December on a Christmas Package break. The staff at this hotel are excellent and will try and do their very best for you, those that complain about the staff, obviously must treat them with contempt and are probably rude and expect things to always revolve around them. The executive room we had was clean and a very good size.  The hotel itself was also very clean.  I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and family. I was apprehensive about this hotel after reading other reviews so wasn't expecting much, but the hotel and food exceeded my expectations in every way. The location is also good, a couple of minutes walk to Russell Square tube station and the British Museum, about a 20/25 minute walk to Leicester…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pre Xmas weekend stay,"Well located for main London attractions, a short walk to Covent Garden and Oxford street and opposite the British museum,lovely and clean, excellent service from all staff, great food, will definitely stay again when visiting the city",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive misery,"Room ok but noisy. The Staff were miserable ,and unhelpful I stayed the night before my sons Graduation,that morning I asked if they could book me a taxi,to be told the venue is in walking distance and that I probably wouldn't get a taxi to pick me up.I was wearing heels and a posh outfit and said I didn't want to walk even if it was only a short distance.When the taxi came there was absolutely no issue with the distance This pales into insignificance compared to my partners experience. He booked the hotel for an overnight stay following a business trip to the Far East,forgetting my poor experience of the hotel . He arrived after a long flight at around 10 am and feeling unwell he asked at the reception if they could organise him a room earlier than 2 pm as he was unwell. He…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A great location and a friendly welcome,"While visiting London for weekend breaks or a week's holiday this is now our first choice hotel. We have stayed at the Imperial about a dozen times over the past few years and it provides good value service and reasonable value.   This latest visit to the Imperial Hotel was for a pre-Christmas 'long weekend' break to London taking in a show at the theatre. It has a really good location for many attractions and a number of them are within a ten to fifteen minute walk (e.g. British Museum, Covent Garden, British Library). London's Theatre land is also within walking distance. For attractions that are slightly further away, there are convenient bus stops within a couple of minutes of the hotel and the closest London Underground Tube station, Russell Square, is within five minutes…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Evening dinner / banquet event,"About eighty people sat down for an evening meal.  The service was excellent with ample serving staff.  The food was excellent as were the portions.  Serving a large number means that there is always some delays on serving the whole room, however they were pretty fast at serving and nobody felt that they were being left out.  The only criticism I would make is that the  bar was understaffed when we first arrived.  Only two serving behind the bar for 80 diners, so service was a little slow.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and value,"Have just spent two nights at the hotel.  First impression good. Location fantastic – 5 minutes from Russell Square tube for the Piccadilly Line. Room large enough with some hanging space, decent dressing table area and couch with table and large bathroom with Jack and Jill sinks – decent shower over the bath as well.  Plenty of choices at buffet style breakfast – usual cereals, juices, cooked breakfast with enough choice to suit everyone. Only downside – could have been warmer but done the trick.   Tea and coffee served at your table as well.  Would definitely return to this hotel for location and value and would recommend. Free Wi-Fi a bonus too - had to call reception for code but that wasn't a problem.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business traveler's hotel. Small rooms. Good location.,Location is good. Bang opposite to the Russell Square garden and short walk from Russell Square tube station. You could walk up to some of the tourist locations.  Rooms: Single room was very small. With smaller beds. A tall person would have to fold his legs to sleep on the bed. The room opened up to the back of couple of buildings so the view was pathetic!  Food is fine. Opted for the breakfast plan.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pre Christmas Let's Go Weekend,"Stayed Friday to Sunday nights on the Let's Go Weekend. Hotel is in a great location very near Russell Square tube station. Rooms are great, we got a complimentary upgrade which was nice. It's our 6th visit here. Would recommend asking for a courtyard room if you prefer a quieter room although it was quite noisy with rather loud music on the Friday evening. All in all a great hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Okay-ish?,"Attended a Christmas party organised by my university. Aesthetically, it's all very pretty & well laid out. The staff were more than helpful & friendly. Nothing to fault.  However, the food apart from arriving an hour & a half late, it was just about okay. Due to an electronic error, my dietary requirements were not catered for. Not the fault of the hotel at all but that of my university. The vegetables & potato tasted exactly the same; bland & with an almost cardboard-like taste. I did manage to (sort of) salvage my food with the tomato sauce of the ratatouille. I must admit, as it was my first time eating ratatouille, I'm not sure if the dish is meant to be overpowered by the tomato sauce.   I was not able eat the desert as it clearly contained eggs, nor was I given an…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Very pleasant room and a very good location. The room rate including breakfast was not at all unreasonable. We had booked on line and reception had the usual paperwork etc. ready. We were both surprised at the reasonable prices in the bar and restaurant, not the silly prices we have encountered in central London. The self service breakfast was OK and service with tea and coffee was very good. The only let down was getting up from the basement car park. There is a lift but it can't be called from the basement, only from the ground floor to go down! One of our party of four is disabled and trying to get up stairs with a suitcase was not the easiest. On leaving the guy on reception had to summon the lift to the basement and he said it was a constant source of complaint.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"We stayed at this hotel for three nights.  The room was clean and we had a separate toilet and bathroom, which was quite useful.  The towels were a let down as they were not very big and very thin.  Bed linen was very clean but the beds were a bit low.  I think the hotel could be updated a bit.  Breakfast was ok, seating very overcrowded and close to the next table.  Location was excellent, regular buses everywhere.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",We liked the Imperial,"Returned after a week in the Imperial, visiting the National Neurological hospital which is just 200m away so the location chose the hotel for us.  Interesting hotel - public rooms are quite grand and a throwback in time so there is a good feeling to the place. Room 408 looked onto the peaceful courtyard and was acceptable if somewhat dated. The most surprising aspect was with the separate toilet because there is no wash basin after using the loo which is pretty poor in this day and age.  Very good housekeeping service - linen changed regularly and room cleaned expertly. Tea/Coffee replenished daily. Many others have commented on the breakfast and we have to agree it is pretty basic and lacking in taste. Underdone soggy toast - had to ask a waiter to take some back to the…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cut my mouth on piece of plastic in food - staff and manager really rude,"we ate in the hotel a couple of times whilst at a conference over the road.  The food was nice and reasonably priced, but there was a lump of plastic in my salad - I cut my mouth so badly that it bled.  I complained and the staff tried to get hold of a manager to give me a refund.  The manager refused to come and asked me to come back a few hours later, eventually I got my refund but only after being given the runaround all day.  I then tired to complain to a senior manager and had to come back again the following day... the senior manager was just as rude and dismissive.  The cut to my mouth ruined my trip, I couldn't eat for several days.  The behaviour of the staff was nothing short of outrageous",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel in a great locaction,"I spent a week in London for a vacation.  I stayed at this hotel and thought that it was decent value for the money.  The best thing about this hotel is the location.  It is a 2-3 minute walk from Russell Square tube station (Piccadilly Line) or an 8-10 minute walk from Holburn tube station (Central Line).  So you can get to any place in central London easily.  Plus, there are plenty of restaurants and shops around if you need to get anything.  The room I got was small, but clean.  The TV didn't work, but I didn't use it anyway.  The WiFi was spotty at best in my room, but it was a little better in the lobby of the hotel.    Breakfast at the hotel was decent with a spread of eggs, bacon, ham, grilled tomato, baked beans, toast, porridge, cereal with tea, coffee or juice.  I did…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"I recently spent a week at the Imperial. It's in a good location, just a few minutes walk from the Russell Square tube station. Easy to get to/from Kings Cross/ St Pancras.  I found it to be clean and comfortable and good value for money.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"I have been in london alot over the last 2 weeks my first stop was Premier Inn, i could not dault this hotel at all massive room space double bed and a dinning area. It was my first stop in the imperial, from the outside it looks lovely, the rooms are standard could be modernised, would be small for 2 people. The downfall of my visit was the lack of sleep due to been on the front of the hotel which is on a busy main road russell street where their is non stop traffic and ambulances going past. Due to this my visit was disappointing. I would not recommend to stop here if you are travelling on a work basis and need alot of sleep to refresh for next day.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for those on a budget,"The hotel was very accessible both by tube and buses. If travelling light , the hotel can be reached through the tube. Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful specially the Asians. The room was large enough for my daughter and myself. Linens were clean and seemed to be changed daily.  Breakfast was adequate although no  variety was offered for the 5 nights we were there. It was good that I asked for a room on the top floor , as was suggested by a previous reviewer , since there was less noise from traffic below. Overall. I would recommend it to my friends .",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Large hotel, friendly staff","Relatively decent hotel, very friendly front office staff and food service staff. Room was fine. Large comfy bed and views over the central courtyard onto the casino. The room had standard radiators and these had been switched on full. The room was stifling when I arrived. Quickly turned the heating off and opened the windows. Decent bathrooms with jack and Jill basins. We had to queue the next morning or breakfast but no longer than 7-8 minutes. Extremely large dining room and high turnover of guests. Basic breakfast buffet . Tea and coffee supplied by food service staff and juice from machine near the Buffett .  All in all a decent hotel. Bit of modernisation required at front desk, however I would return.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lower 3*,"Imperial hotel, Russell square London, is in a good locatio, if you're familiar with London transport. The square gardens are just opposite the hotel and are a peaceful retreat from the husstle n busstle . There's a tube station a couple of hundred yards away on the Picadilly line. Coming out of the station turn right and a few yards down the road on the opposite side is a small shopping precinct.   The hotel rooms are dated but the one we had was a decent size. Plenty of hot water and pressure for the shower, no need to run around to get wet. Think most rooms are twin. Me & the misses like to be ""together"" so just shoved them in position. We tipped the house cleaner & he kindly put double sheets on for us ( after we'd given him the tip, not because of the tip). There's…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice budget hotel,"Went mid Nov. Part of a superbreak deal. Ideal location, 5 mins from the tube, 10 mins from Kings Cross.  The hotel is nice. The room was good. Seperate toilet and bathroom. Seperate beds :-(  Room good size. Plenty storage. Take extra tea, milk n sugar. Has a hairdryer and trouser press.  Would return for a cheap break.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average but good location.,"Stayed for 3 nights. As we were going many different places in London city, this hotel has a good location and it was clean. The hotel has no atmosphere. It is clinical. Very few smiles from the staff.  Breakfast was very poor.  Waiters with no smile. The last morning I choose the coffeshop insteaf.  I will not come back.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",noisy with very poor customer service,"I arrived at 11pm and had to wait for someone to appear on reception to check me in. The bloke who checked me in coughed all over me, gave me grief for not printing my paperwork and mumbling one word answers and showing no manners or imterest in helping at all. The room was small and noisy. Breakfast was OK but the staff were unhelpful and had very limited English. I would have had a more enjoyable night with the homeless under Waterloo bridge.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Room, but noisy","Shared a room with a friend.  Room was a nice size, overlooking park and street.   Very clean and staff was friendly and helpful. Beds were pretty comfortable. Good location. Only real complaint was the noise. We heard yelling, sirens, traffic all night. Was exhausted our whole stay.  I don't know what the other rooms that do not overlook the street are like, but would recommend you request one, especially if you are a light sleeper. Also, the hotel bar was never in a hurry to take your order. One local woman was irritated when she saw we weren't being waited on and went up promptly and told the waiter. He did come over finally, but when we asked for the bill we waited another 15 minutes, so finally went up to the bar ourselves and took care of it.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location number 1 rooms a low 3,"My Wife and i stayed at the imperial last week on a theatre trip out of the list of hotels we decided on the Imperial. We got a taxi from Euston station and the ride took about 10 minutes. On arrival we were pleasantly surprised that the reception was set off the main road and next to the Casino. We entered the hotel to be greeted by Jen on of the receptionists and what a greeting she explained via a small map of where all the sights were in relevance to the hotel and gave us the door cards to room 446 and executive room. When we entered the room my first impression was it was a good size, outlook from the windows was poor it was the reception and other offices, there were single beds and the room looked a little tired but the location made up for this. A 15-minute walk into…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",not as good as it should be for its category,"A friend booked this hotel for me and my friend ...The location is perfect to do all London on foot and between two central stations of the underground. The hotel is what we say "" an old british classic hotel"" BUT the cleaning is really average and the cleaners are not well trained.We had to ask for two pairs of towels as we were two women and one for each one wasn t enough and after I used a cup in the room they didn t replace it for the next two days . Breakfast buffet was also poor and the first time I saw a buffet without any kind of cheese .!! some people asked for it ... The staff really polite friendly and following the ""protocol""...BUT for what we paid ( 170 euros/night ) should have been much better ...at least in cleaning. The wifi was excellent.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but could do better....,"We arrived soon after 11am to find one member of staff dealing with a guest and 2 others, one of whom was working on a computer and indicated that we should wait. The other was doing absolutely nothing until another staff member came along and told him to check us in. Not the best welcome! However we were pleased to be checked in to our room right away as we had expected to have to store our luggage.  Our room was small but adequate, although the ventilation systems in bathroom and separate toilet did not appear to be functioning. The breakfast room was especially pleasant with good food and attentive service.  Tube and bus services are nearby and many tourist attractions are within walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate Accommodation,"We booked this hotel for 2 nights through Superbreak, which also included 2 Top Price theatre tickets to see ""Thriller"" at the Lyric Theatre. We paid £386.00 for this package which was for an executive room, buffet breakfast and complimentary 3 course meal on the first night (which is a limited offer). We were on the 5th floor, overlooking the court yard. The evening meal could be enjoyed at any of the local 5 hotels all in the same chain. There is no need to book a table. We selected an evening meal at the President Hotel, next door, which can be accessed internally from the Imperial via the Atrium bar, which was a carvery meal, very basic, filling but adequate. The service was very good in the hotel, which was ideal for a base to explore London. all in all, you get what you…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal base for getting around,"Read the reviews of the hotel before visiting, and found the hotel better than I expected. It was in a ideal location to get to theatreland and Russell Square underground is just a 5 minute walk. The hotel is dated but it is clean. We found the hotel bar food and drink prices to be very good, a lot cheaper than the normal prices you pay in London. I would have no hesitation in staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend,"This was our third stay at the Imperial and the poorest and smallest room we have had. To make things worse the towels were changed every day but looked far from clean, sheets too on one occasion. However the room itself was clean and tidy.  On the positive side the staff throughout the hotel were friendly, efficient and helpful.   Breakfast time can be really busy so try to get to to the restaurant early, full English breakfast not bad at all.  Both bars, Atrium, soft chairs and relaxed and The Day and night bar, lively and upbeat, are well run, clean and tidy. Prices aren't bad either for a London hotel. I like this hotel, location ideal for central London attractions, shame about the towels.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","""The Purpose of a Business is to create a customer who creates Customers""","Imperial Hotel, a few steps from Russell Square Underground .. great location, acceptable rooms, very clean (most important) terrific hot water (24/7 - very very important) and most important very helpful and friendly staff!! Two in particular were Tanya and Tess and the concierge and dining wait service.. have been coming to this hotel over the years and with the improvements they made, including new mattresses this hotel gives you value for money!!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excelent Location for a not so good service,"I have stayed at this hotel for business. Size of the room is ok but somehow everything was rather old and decaying. mattress was old, black out shades let light in, there was a permanent noise coming from the bellow casino ventilation system outside. Breakfast was a very simple English breakfast with lots of people attending but few options on things to eat. If you're not fond of english breakfast than this isn't a Hotel for you. Location is wonderful to visit the British Museum or the Zone near Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus but I don't think I will come to this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Visit to London,"The Imperial is located in an ideal position to visit anywhere in London, there is a tube station just around the corner and on a busy bus route. On arriving staff were efficient ant helpful. We booked an executive room although clean and tidy was a little disappointing. The so called bath towels were no more than a hand towel no more use than an ornament. My only other critism would be the buffet breakfast which I thought was very poor, food was Luke warm, toast was soggy. This said I had a great in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great for central London,"This hotel is great value for money, it is in a great location 2 mins from the underground stop and in easy reach of everywhere!! The room was clean and breakfast had so much choice. Don;t believe the bad reviews, it's a 3* hotel and you get what you pay for. I am planning to stay here again when I go back to London in May xx",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,This hotel is in a great location in London! The rooms are very good size compared to other hotels. In the evening you can enjoy a drink whilst a grand piano is playing. There is a 24 Bar. The hotel room and location is brilliant! However the breakfast was not very good. There were cereals and then a buffet of a English breakfast which was poor quality.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"If you are looking for a decent hotel with good location at a relatively quieter part of London, your search ends right here. The hotel is good value for money (and by that I do not mean it's cheap - given the exchange rates at which we Indians have to buy Pounds Sterling). The Tube station is right next door as are several eateries around the area. Breakfast is sumptuous though not that exciting since the menu is the same every day - but do not look for a good meal within the hotel. They offer free dinner on the first night of your stay and we ended up eating at Bedford Hotel - a sister concern - and it was easily the worst meal we have had in years - Avoid it like the plague. All in all Imperial per se is a good experience, rooms are comfy but little out dated. TVs need to be…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"Third visit here as we find its a great location for our annual London visit. 15 minutes walk from Kings Cross, Covent Garden, 10 minutes walk British Museum, 20 minutes walk to Oxford Street. Russel Square tube round the corner and on several bus routes too.also several pubs and restaurants very close by. Rooms are comfortable  tv, decent storage, comfy bed, hospitality tray,basic toiletries, tho towels a bit thin. Large dining room for Breakfast, does get busy and tables very close together, food ok choice of cereals, fruit, and cooked items tea and coffee is served and can take some time to get a hot drink. Staff all very pleasant. There is a nice Art Deco atrium bar with a piano player  some evenings and also a bar serving food and drink with very reasonable prices. Would…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Best value in town!,"We have stayed here many times and it has never let us down accommodation/sleep wise. Breakfasts however is entirely another matter... Simply put don't bother. It also has v late bar so you don't have to worry about where to gat a drink after a show. Rooms are well maintained, clean and comparable with other hotels in the locality who charge considerably more.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",lovely,"This is the 2nd time we have been here last time was 2013 and it was just the same, hotel is spotless and staff are very helpful and friendly , food was good . Its about 10-15 minutes walk to convent garden and a 10 minutes walk from train station so nice and handy we also walked to oxford street that was about 20-25 minutes walk . We did the thames afternoon tea which I would highly recommended it was lovely .  ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"The Imperial is a good value for money hotel in an excellent location. Close to tube stations and on a bus route.  The rooms are spacious, bedding and towels changed daily. We had a room on 7th floor with views over Russell Square and although the hotel is on a very busy street, the noise did not affect our sleep.  Breakfast is buffet style and is more than adequate.  There is a very pleasant Atrium bar in the hotel and lots of bars and restaurants in the area. We would be happy to stay again when next in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good base for weekend trip!,"Having stayed at the sister President Hotel, we thought we would try The Imperial for our MCM comicon trip. We were able to check in in spite of arriving before the check in time and the receptionist who dealt with us was lovely, warm and chatty (we think her name was Xi) so that was a nice start to our stay.  We had a twin room which was quite spacious for a London hotel and the beds were comfortable. We were overlooking Russell Square so we had a nice view although it was quite noisey due to the traffic and a lot of sirens but it was nothing we couldn't sleep through! The rooms were clean and tidy and the breakfast was typical English breakfast but very nice.  The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the tube station so it was perfect a base to get to and from everywhere in London. …",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Stayed twice in October when I was in London for business. Great location close to the Tube and busses, friendly staff and the room was cleaned daily. Would have appreciated a wider selection of food at breakfast as they only had full English.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location,This hotel is in a perfect location for sight seeing in london.  Very close to all city centre sights and handy for st pancras train station.  Its basic but clean and be warned that it is on a very busy road and only has single glazed windows so you can hear every sound from outside all through the night.  The beds are very close to the floor and very springy - a bit like sleeping on a trampoline.  But if you are looking for a cheap hotel in a central area and aren't going to be spending too much time there then its ideal.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good price, ok location, huge and lot of rooms available. Would recommend it as an alternative choice in a hotel.",Room had a view of the courtyard. The hotel is huge and you get lost easily. The room clean and practical and not tiny like in other London hotels.Breakfast was simple. Reception always crowded. Concierge not very helpful. Nice suitcase storage.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre weekend!,"There are so many hotels in London that finding one that's suit you is really difficult, especially during Rugby World Cup month! Finding the Imperial Hotel, with rooms in our budget range, was a stroke of luck.  Our first impression was that the reception staff were polite, courteous and helpful, checking us in very quickly, and giving all of the information we needed.  The room was large, warm and clean, with double sinks in the bathroom, a sofa in the lounge area, and ample space for everything. Despite the size of the hotel, and the large amount of hungry guests, breakfast was a very pleasant experience. A steward showed us to our table, the buffet breakfast we very plentiful, hot and delicious - the only downside was that tea and coffee was served one cup at a time by the…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","If you do not HAVE to stay at this hotel, DON'T","The hotel gives you an experience of ""back to the past"".   It is in urgent need of repair and renovation and cleaning or changing the hall carpets which have all kinds of stains you can imagine. As we were walking to the room I was about to tell my husband to got somewhere else but when we finally reached it, opened the door, it was not that bad inside, And well... you do not stay in the room in London, right?  I had specifically stated in my reservation that I am a light sleeper and that I did not want a room beside the elevators. Which we were not or so I thought.  Early the next morning, aprox 6 am we started hearing a noise similar to .... an elevator! They had put us right next to the service elevator!!!!!!! Unbelievable.   I complained at the front desk an Simona was nice…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Hotel, Good Location","We stayed here for 3 nights as part of a package for the Rugby World Cup. We arrived by train late at night and although we didn’t know which way to go, the locals around the area were happy to point us in the right direction.   Staff were friendly & happy to help. There is a concierge desk at reception where you can get discounted tickets to attractions as well as theatre shows.  Our room was on level 6 at the back of the hotel, overlooking rooftops. I think this part of the building must have been a later addition, as it seems to have much bigger rooms than the ones overlooking Russell Square, but this could have been due to being a triple rather than a double room. We were right at the end of the corridor, so we had no noise from other guests. The room was very spacious, well…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",very average hotel in good location,"I stayed at the Imperial for 2 days for a work trip. The hotel was booked for me - otherwise I would have stayed somewhere else. It is very well located and close to key transport routes. The buffet breakfast is depressing, as is the room which seats hundreds. There are a number of B and Bs in the area which are preferable.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, on a bus route.","This hotel is well situated for the price. Included a hot buffet breakfast which was average quality but good to have as food is expensive. the staff were very accomodating and helpful. Room was clean but small - also normal for England. Next to the Casino but we didn't go there. Close to the British Museum which we highly recommend everyone see. A trip to Windsor,Bath and Stonehenge was great and they picked us up at our hotel. Beautiful view of the city and great sunsets.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",October London weekend,Had a lovely weekend break at the Imperial. Stayed at the Bedford last year which was across the road but the Imperial was even better. When we arrived we were told we had a free upgrade to an executive twin which was a bonus. The room was lovely over looking the court yard so nice and quiet. The location is perfect only one stop on the Picadilly line from Kings Cross station. There are a few bars in that area and a couple which seems to be part of the hotel. The staff were lovely and really helpful although the staff in the dining room at breakfast time were a little miserable. We had a substantial full English breakfast which set us up for the day. We would definitely return to this hotel as it's perfect for a weekend break.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Very central, easy for tube and bus journeys, breakfast was more than adequate, it was buffet style breakfast","The room initially was quite small the very first time we saw it as The imperial was supposed to be the Jewel in the crown and the internet pictures made the room larger but it was only for sleeping. The separate toilet was an added bonus, but not having a small wash hand basin was an inconvenience. Our room was clean, and the sheets/towels were changed regularly. Our room was tired as it had a very bad crack in the roof that had tried to be attended to. The staff were very friendly. The Hotel was reasonable for London, and we had no problem with breakfast whatsoever but we are Scottish so food was British. WE ate in the Bar once and again no problem.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Easy to get to and from if you are happy to use public transport,A non pretentious hotel overlooking Russell Square.  It is not as up market as its  neighbour the Russell Hotel but that is reflected in the price charged. A slightly tired room but aceptable.  You will need to use public transport to get around or be prepared to use taxi's,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty nice old hotel,"Hotel was clean and service was ok. We spend there 3 days and my expectations were pretty much met. Not s glamorous hotel but serves well for sleeping after a long, exciting day in London. :) Breakfast was traditional English breakfast like eggs, sausages, cereals and so on. For drinking they had juice, tea or coffee. Food was exactly the same every morning though, so just after three days I was hoping for something different for a change. Room was clean and nice. One night it was quite cold but there would have been an extra blanket in the cabinet but I didn't know that then. All in all I enjoyed my stay in Imperial Hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A very good experience,"A good and cheap experience. This is the place to stay if you dont want to spend too much money on hotel, but want good valeu for money. A very good location (only 3 stations on Tube from Picadilly Circus), clean hotel, friendly and nice staff, good breakfast and a lovely atrium serving drinks, bear, some food and Afternoon Tea. Or just a place to sit down with your book or newspaper and relax. And its good Wifi everywere",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",My experience and advice,"So we decided to stay at Imperial hotel since it's in the centre of London with many bus lanes and tube stations nearby. However, for the money paid the rooms were very average and the bathroom was less than average with bath curtains that I personally find disguisting. Further more, its breakfast had a very narrow variety especially for people coming from Europe or other countries that may not eat eggs for breakfast(it had 4 kinds of eggs including fried boiled etc). Also the portier was really rude to us when we asked for a Newtonmeter(to weight our luggage before airport) as he came up with multiple excuses as he was clearly too bored to help us. During the night shift however, the portier was very helpful weighting our bags. Thanks to him we didn't have a weight problem at…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location,"This hotel is in an ideal location for visiting many of the main sights in London, many of which are within walking distance. There is easy access to the underground at Russell Square, and buses on Southampton Row are just outside. The staff are welcoming and efficient, and the rooms are clean and of a decent size. There is plenty of hot water, and tea and coffee facilities are available. The downside is that the food is not very good. If you stay more than one night, you are given a voucher for a meal. So you could say that it is ""free"" but the quality leaves a lot to be desired. Breakfast is chaotic as it is so busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. The buffet is poor. The rooms at the back of the building are less noisy, but at the front rooms have a good view…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",City Break,This is a centrally located hotel close to The British Museum and the underground transport. Staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms while not large are clean and well appointed. The hotel is set in the Bloomsbury area of the city close to Oxford Street and Convent Gardens.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly Adequate,"I would really like to give this hotel a little higher review, but am not totally sure it warrants a Very Good.  It is an exceptionally adequate and decent hotel that offers cleanliness, great location and value for money.  We booked a twin room, for two nights over the weekend.  The first night we were able to take advantage of an offer of dinner included in the B & B price for one night.  We were given a voucher on check in to chose from 5 different local restaurants.  The meal was taken at neighbouring hotel and was a carvery, the food was good and wholesome although not fine dining.  The room was clean, and there was a separate loo, and separate bath, sink and shower room, rather quirky I thought.  However, there was no fans in either loo or bathroom, both would have…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",More-less,"It was second time I stayed in this hotel during last 7 years. This time I had single room and it was quite small. Let's say, room for hobbits. Little bed, flat TV with very small display, small coffee cup and small water kettle. Window to backyard with boring view. No fridge, no air condition, no iron, no minibar. In bath room you will find bath tube, a little soap and a little tube with shampoo. Nothing more. The best thing is location, only few steps from Russell Square metro station. There is also lot of places for having beer and fish&chips plus souvenir shops of course. English breakfast is included but there is only limited choice of dishes and nothing fresh. Not fruits, not vegetables. And every morning 100% the same food. Hotel has 8 floors and lot of rooms, so the…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location BUT THAT IS ALL,"Rooms look in need of updating ie painting and decor. Food we only had breakfast once very poor,cold under cooked and tasteless,Coffee very poor quality.Staff all looked as if they didnt want to be there?",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and access to transportation means,"It has an excellent location. It’s just two blocks away from the Russell Square subway station and near the British museum. Within a couple of blocks there are lots of affordable restaurants and bars to have dinner. The hotel staff is friendly. Breakfast is served from 07:00 to 10:00 and is very complete, as usual you can re-fill you cap of coffee.  Our room was number 648 and it very spacious, clean and well kept. Bed is comfortable, bathroom normal, with an elevated bathtub. The room was equipped with several plugs for your electric appliances and gadgets and with a coffee machine. We never had dinner or lunch, but there was a very nice bar at the lobby where many guests gathered to have a drink.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, nice hotel, bad breakfast","I stayed here for one night while on business.  The hotel location is great in central London,  The staff were friendly and efficient.  The hotel is looking dated including the facade and rooms fixtures.  The rooms are not spacious but quite adequate for my needs.  The location just off Russel Square is great.   I slept well however breakfast was very poor with very basic items and little of any quality.   I may be back but I'll eat elsewhere!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, excellent location","I searched quite hard for a hotel between St Pancras and Russell Square for our 3 day trip to London, and finally booked the Imperial based on recommendation from relatives who had stayed there. looking back at all the other options, I think it was a good choice.   The main advantage of the hotel is the relatively large room, which is quite uncommon, I think, for central London hotels in this price range. Inside the room, the mattress was pretty hard, but surprisingly comfortable. We asked for a rear-facing room to avoid the noise, so had that covered. Also on the list of good things was the fast free internet connection.  The Imperial is a full size hotel, not a converted residential building. Long corridors, large dining area for breakfast, concierge (a.k.a. 'porter'), etc.…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",To me it is fine for what I need.,"Among the hotels that I attended in London, I select this for reliability and service, even if the quality is not the maximum. The location is ideal as it is not far from Tubee two stops from the Central Line, close to Kingcross Station. The hotel is on a courtyard and not under pressure of the acoustic main street in Holborn. The hotel has a long history of guests (I attach two photos) although abbisognarebbe a deep refurbishments. To me it is fine for what I need.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Girly London break,"This is the 2nd year we have been to this hotel and I cannot fault it.just a short walk from train station. polite staff,lovely clean room over looking the park. Ideal spot for sight seeing within walking distance to a lot of places.i would highly recommend this hotel and I will definitely be going back again next year.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Does its job well,"Let's make it clear - this isn't a top-of-the-range place you stay for your wedding, honeymoon or for a luxury treat. However - if you need somewhere extremely central for a relatively low price that does the basics properly, then The Imperial is well worth a look.  I stayed for two nights with work and was given a twin room which was very spacious, decent even for two people. The beds were soft and comfortable with a bit of creak, but nothing that disrupted my sleep. No noise coming through the walls. The bathroom was fine - dated but clean, with really good water pressure for the shower. Towels were past their best, but again they were clean and didn't have holes. Breakfast was average in quality - the size and scale of the breakfasts here has to be seen! Staff were all fine -…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice for short stay.,"We were upgraded to an executive room and given a 3 course dinner for no extra cost. The room was clean and warm.There was plenty of hot water and water pressure for the shower.Reception staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good,plenty of choice and hot.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,!it was way over my expectations   stayed in a single room it was big enough with a comfortable bed location is good near the underground and the stuff very nice downsize: you have to pay to keep your luggage,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bar staff not friendly,"Nice place for a dinner but you should explain to the barman at the first floor what a ""half a pint"" means. I asked for two half pints of becks and I was served two pints. When I asked if I could have what I asked he still didn't understand and he said very annoyed that it was too late to change.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,This hotel is very close to the tube. There is a nice cafe/wine bar across the road in Russell   Square.The hotel also has a bar and cafe/dinning (we used this often) as well as a second lounge bar and restaurant. The breakfast is good and substantial. Staff on the whole are helpfull and obliging especially Ian Sullivan who went out of his way to help us book a tour to Oxford among other things.Our room was okay but for a triple room the sofa bed was not  at all comfortable which was a disappointment  as we were there for five nights and it was not cheap accomodation. Our room had a nice view to the quartyard,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast on an industrial scale!,"Stayed for two nights over August Bank Holiday, for a family get together.   Room My single room was small, clean and functional; there was some high-level dust on the wall mounted light-shade in the bathroom, but not a big problem. The bath/shower tap combination thingy took a bit of getting used to, but I managed it eventually. Also, I had thought nylon shower curtains had been banished from all hotel bathrooms in the twenty first century, but they’re still in at the Imperial.  The room was very hot (a common theme on a lot of comments), so I kept the window open, and fell asleep to the drone of nearby extractor fans. The bed was comfy.  Breakfast Have to say breakfast was an experience, and done on an industrial scale:  Toast, fried eggs, bacon, sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms,…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value! ,The hotel was lovely.  My room was huge! It was quiet and bed comfy. The staff were so friendly. Throughly recommended hotel and great value.  Much cheaper than others and perfect location.  I would certainly stay again. ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great middle of the road accomodation,"This hotel is a great location, good size twin room and clean. Great breakfast. We found the porters very friendly and helpful. The reception staff we encountered were less than helpful and one chap seriously would not go out of his way!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"We were given an a room upgrade and it was a very nice room,only fault was could not leave windows open at night because of extracter noise fromcasino below.The cleaners  on floor 5 deserve a mention the room was immaculate.The reception staff & porters were very helpful.We did not rate the breakfasts though never better than warm.The night&day bar does food also and the staff there were brilliant ,the drinks were a reasonable price for London .It is in good location with the tube just round the corner.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial hotel ,Really liked this hotel. Morning waiters very helpful. Other staff very good. Once our bedroom was being cleaned when we had notice on door and we're having breakfast. It was so handy for British museum and nearby restaurants.  Don't  forget to use your bus pass if youvhave one and on underground after 9.30 only. ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",We loved it! Great location! ,"For my husband and I the imperial was in prime location after traveling 30hours it was an easy tube ride from Heathrow airport straight to Russell square and it was just down the road a 5 minute walk! There is a hop on hop off buss stop down the next block which shows you everything London has to offer. It's only 30 minute walk to Big Ben & cute English pubs are just down the Rs. The staff where helpful & we enjoyed to Buffett breakfast, we ate enough so we didn't have to have lunch. The rooms where all we needed they where clean & the beds I found comfy. All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the imperial. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for the Theatres,"We were very happy with the standards of this hotel, we were given a room upgrade, it was very clean and well decorated.  NCP Car Park nearby.  The location was great just north from Covent Garden and East of Leicester Square, many good traditional British pubs nearby down side streets that provided good quality beer and food.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",3 Day Break in London,"Spent 3 nights at this hotel with my daughter visiting the sights in London. The Hotel is situated very close to the tube station opposite Russell Square which is a lovely park. Our room was a twin bed room it was basic but very clean with comfy beds and pillows. The room overlooked the main street and park and was noisy with the window open however it did not bother us you would expect that in central London. The staff including the reception, porters waiting staff and the guy cleaning the rooms on the 9th floor were all very friendly and polite. We had breakfast in the hotel twice it was buffet style, cereal was fine for me, I don't do pre toasted soggy toast so give that a miss there were also  plenty of cooked breakfast items eggs bacon sausage etc. We felt safe in the hotel…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Really good hotel,"Just came back from weekend at the imperial for a birthday treat for 10 yr old grandson after reading reviews just hoped it would be ok, and I was not dissapointed.  Lovely large room on 6th floor facing courtyard of hotel very quiet even with windows open spotlessly clean , friendly staff and good breakfast also ate lunch in night and day bar very good quality and price.  If staying in London again would definitely chose this hotel. Only thing I wasn't sure about was how we did not qualify for a free carvery as offer was on when we booked.  So don't rely on it  but everything else was excellent",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location for shopping, theatre &  attractions at reasonable price ","Stayed here often very the years, parking no under the hotel is useful (pay daily rate) and quick walk to theatre and, West end, Oxford Street shopping and underground next door. Useful late shops and restaurants around the hotel. Good breakfasts, reasonable service and price. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break in London ,"We stayed Thursday to Sunday (3 nights) and over all we were impressed with the hotel, however there were a few niggly bits that I feel have to be pointed out. On arrival we dropped our bags off, understanding that it was 11am, we went out sightseeing and was told to go back for 2pm. We did as was suggested and arrived back for 2pm to be told that our rooms were still not ready, so we sat in the hotel lobby and waited. After 20 minutes we went back up to reception to see what was up and were told that we were being room, we were only enquiring about our room... If check in is at 2pm, all of the rooms should be ready for 2pm no matter what.  The hotel is clean although a little dated but we had no real problems with anything, the bar is also lovely and reasonably priced. …",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"I don't usually complain however the basic necessities were missed and ignored.  Firstly the light in the bathroom didn't work right from the beginning. We contacted reception twice and house keeping to report it but still nothing was done and our whole stay of 3 nights we had no light in the bathroom. Made going to the toilet especially in the dark awkward. Shower adjustment was broken so fastened in place by tape, so could not adjust shower head. Mattresses had many broken springs in them so were extremely uncomfortable. No fans were offered and we were very hot a a result.  Porters on the last day were rude when we asked if they could hold our bags for the day.   Breakfast was better as the service was welcoming and food was ok. Housekeeping lady offered good laundry service…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here,"Can't believe this is a Qantas recommended hotel. Out of nearly 1000 rooms apparently only have 7 double rooms only twin rooms available, bed small and uncomfortable. Breakfast of an average standard. Old and dated hotel. No air conditioning  ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",just great,Four friends from work on a girly weekend visiting the theatre and sights of london. The hotel was in a good position for all of this and transport virtually on the doorstep. The hotel was clean and value for money.  Lovely reception rooms. Facilities very good.   The reception staff were welcoming and helpful as were the porters and waiting staff. They were also very polite.  The rooms were  basic but the linen and towels were clean.  We all would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok ish!,"Stayed over the bank holiday weekend and check-in although was quick it was so unfriendly and so unhelpful. With our booking it included a free evening meal and we were given a card with about five different resturant locations to choose from. I asked the lady on reception if we needed to book in advance and she just put a cross by one resturant (not sure which one) and I then thought she would tell me where these resturants were, but no although I can tell you there is a map of these locations in the lift...we didn't bother reading it we just went to the sarcen carvery next door as we passed it on the way in....in hindsight we should of checked the map in the lift as the meal was not up to much. The starters we both had was ok but then it went downhill, the carvery was not…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Second stay at The Imperial,"This was my second stay at The Imperial. Funnily enough it was another May stay like last year! I went with the BOGO offer again which entails having a free meal on arrival. The hotel has a couple of restaurants  However, I have a preference for Saracen's Carvery. Part of the BOGO deal is where you have a free meal on the night of arrival. I arrived after the time that Saracen's stopped taking orders. I thought the staff were kind when they let me eat at Saracen's the next night instead.  Breakfast like last time continued to be very good. The serving staff like last time were very professional and helpful.  Unfortunately I cannot remember a particular gentlemans name. He told me about the history of the hotel during the war. He also took me for a walk through the hotel to the…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Decent hotel, close to good amenities","What the rooms lack in awesomeness, the service at the front desk and proximity to London's features makes up for it. My room was very small (which was fine), but my shower curtain smelled of mold. The room service was fine in my room though my friend on another floor had items thrown away or stolen from her. After that incident, we were careful to lock everything we'd mind losing in our suitcases. The continental breakfast isn't bad and the bar in the back was nice to lounge in and grab a quick drink. The concierge service was excellent and the staff working the front desk were very helpful and polite.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",As expected,"I booked this single room for the day I flew into London on my first time over seas. The staff were helpful and I was able to check in at around 11:30am. The bed was very very cheap, but falling asleep with jetlag it was okay.   There are no fans or air cons in the room, so it got quite hot through the day.   In a good location. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Surprise HOTEL from the 1960's era!,"This hotel has a superior location in the middle on the northern edge of the city, literally on campus with University College London. It's not renovated, is a true flash-back to the 1960's England that allows a view of the old system of English hospitality that's sort of FUN, really. Old uniforms, an English breakfast included in the room rates, no ac, not renovated rooms but a slow free WiFi is included that is working OK at no cost, clean old rooms w/ good bedding ..... but GOOD front desk personnel, good views overlooking historic Russell Square, easy access to all of London, Holborn Station central line TUBE just 7 minutes walk, less at 300M to the Russell Square TUBE station that goes direct to all LHR terminals for the cheap, excellent campus district, restaurants abound…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It's ok...as long as you're easily pleased,"I'm not a fussy person, I've only once complained about a meal and that was a long time ago! I've travelled all over the world, and experienced different cultures, so I'm very aware about having first world problems. So, why am I preluding my review with this intro? Because I am not a fussy person and I'm glad I'm not because the Imperial is....ok...the kind of ok you have when you get a room temperature bottle of water to drink when you've just walked for 4 hours in 42 degree heat! You're just glad to have it as you're so thirsty (or tired in this case) you just are grateful to have anything! After a very long day (up at 4am and into the hotel room at 9pm) I'm only wanting a hot shower (tick) a clean towel (tick) and a clean bed to sleep in (tick). Staff are courteous, the bar…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Average,"If you're looking for a basic yet clean & comfortable room, the Imperial is great. It's by no means luxurious but it's pleasant enough to stay a night or two. Staff are always polite and helpful, breakfast is average. Would stay again if I wasn't planning on spending too much time at the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely comfortable hotel,Booked through Super Break hotel & rail combined what a bargain. Stayed for 3 nights at the Imperial hotel within walking distance from Euston Station. On arrival friendly welcoming staff offer me a choice of which area of the hotel I would prefer my twin room to be! My room was bright spotlessly clean with tea & coffee making facility also a fridge. Bed sheets were change every day so were the towels. Food was good and wholesome. Nice terrace to sit and watched people go bye after a tiring site seeing day. Highly recommend you book through Super break the package includes breakfasts and 1 evening meal also mini cruise down the Thames.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2 night break away with family,"Nice,clean hotel,would recommend to anyone,staff helpful,breakfast sufficient,hotel situated next to Russell square & the British museum.Kings cross train station is only a 20 minute walk.The day/night bar serves nice food/drink & is reasonably priced",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal base for a London break and excellent value,"Stayed for 3 nights for our break, have stayed here many times and will be back whenever we visit London. The reception Atrium bar are very attractive as well as Night and Day bar where you can sit with a drink or meal and watch the world go by. Rooms are clean with all the facilities you require. We had room on the 8th floor overlooking the park so only had traffic noise but did not disturb us. Bed very comfortable. Safe boxes in reception at reasonable cost but only available to access in daytime. We will be back to the Imperial.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"My wife and I stayed here for 1 week.  We pre paid the hotel in Canadian dollar with full breakfast before arriving. It is a very short walk from Russell Square Tube Stop and easy walk around the neighbourhood for restaurants, museums, grocery stores etc. The hotel is part of a family of 5 hotels in the Russell Square Bloomsbury area.  The room was very comfortable for 2 people and we had a view of Russell Square (park) and the London Eye off in the distance.  Great closet space, a safe, coffee maker etc, lots of plugs, a separate toilet room and then tub shower/sink in the bathroom.  Breakfast was very good but after 7 days you get tired of the same thing. We did get yoghurt from nearby grocery store.  The best part of this hotel was the location - easy walk to the tube and on…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekday break with my sister in the Imperial Hotel. Very clean hotel and staff very helpful,"Rooms very clean and hotel staff very pleasant and accomodating. Great service at breakfast, ideal spot for seeing the highlights of London. Staff held our luggage on the day of departure all day for a small charge of 50 pence. Would reccomend to friends and family",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great base, lovely hotel","We recently stayed at the imperial for the 2nd or 3rd time! This is a great hotel with nice rooms, very close to all the tourist attractions! Food in the hotel is very good & reasonably priced!  When we arrived we were given room 406 which had a constant noise from outside, from air con & the casino.  We asked for a move and were moved to room 920 which was lovely - overlooking Russell Square and NO NOISE!!!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Great Value","We booked two rooms for our family of two adults and two kids, ages 20 and 17. The hotel was nice enough to offer mom and dad an upgrade to a larger room at no charge so that both rooms would be near each other. Our room turned out to be large and very comfortable, with a king bed and a pull-out sofa sleeper. Both rooms had clean, updated bathrooms and views of the courtyard so they were quiet in the evening, even with a window open. Wifi in our room was adequate, but nearly non-existent in the kids’ room down the hall. The décor and room sizes are as represented on the website.  The breakfast buffet included with the room is a phenomenal deal, especially when you’re feeding hungry teens/young adults. We enjoyed the covered outdoor seating adjacent to the hotel pub – great for a…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fine :) ,"Hotel room was fine, better than expected. Bed was clean and comfy had a great nights sleep! The shower was alright, not very powerful and smelt weird but did the job. We had the windows open the whole day and night so it was would get air in the room but we liked hearing the noise from the casino which wasn't too bad anyway. Breakfast wasn't that good but we ate out the other two days we were there. The carpets look like they need a good hoovering and the decor in the rooms needs re done but it's okay. The hotel is about 20 min walk from Oxford street but there is other hotels closer. There is a subway, Pizza Hut and Tesco less than 5 minutes away and the staff are the friendliest at this hotel! The night and day bar is really good which is part of the hotel. This hotel isn't…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Sisters visiting,"First impressions very good. Reception was professional , concierge was good. Rooms adequate , we were told we would have a 'quiet room overlooking the courtyard' fantastic, we had room 307 nobody told us about the noisy casino outside our bedroom ! Change of bed linen every day but o those awful towels, small and thin. We were entitled to a ' free meal on the first night' great we thought but  we couldn't eat in our hotel! Why when it is supposed to be the flagship hotel' the saying is ' if it sounds too good to be true then it probably is' the choices of restaurants that we could use were poor. Breakfast was very noisy and busy, food standing for a long time, but if you are hungry, hey!!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed ,"Not a hotel i will be going back to as it very old, carpets look very old and dirty, rooms should be renovated no air conditioning units  and bathrooms should have a simple shower not that old looking bath tub. Our toilet was not flushing well told reception and nothing was done. Not to mention the food was just an okay.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't judge a book by its cover,"From first looking at the hotel from street level it doesn't look much, but inside its a different story. Very friendly, welcoming staff & quiet rooms which for the area is a rarity. Less than five minutes walk to the British Museum, a little over ten to st gile's (crossroads for shaftesbury avenue/holborn/new oxford street & tottenham court road).   If booking direct with hotel then English Breakfast is included, yes it may not include everything that some people want but its more than adequate to set you up for the day.   Have stayed here three times now within four months, and will definitely be back. Rooms are more than reasonable for central London, and with the location being within easy reach of the major sites in the West End you can't ask for better value. Even walking…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Once again fab,"Once again we stayed in this hotel, 2nd time this year. I travel with my cousin as our husbands don't do holidays. We stayed in room 812 this time,overlooking the park stayed 728 last time also overlooking park,worth any noise. Lovely oulook Room lovely and clean,breakfast very good dinner excelent. Central for everything. Buses very near. Went to see Memphis, what a show very poweful voices,wonderful  songs. Saw Miss Siagon in March for 2nd time fab. Will be back. Will stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",FANTASTIC  STAY,"The Imperial Hotel Russell Square London doesnt look much from the outside  -  but do not judge a book by its cover.  This hotel is FANTASTIC.  The rooms are large and extremely clean, with everything you would need. Toiletries, kettle, tea, coffee, milk etc,, and extra if you ask. The staff are brilliant, helpful and kind and the breakfast and evening meals were wonderful  The wine was very well priced and not a rip off for being in the middle of London.  I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - I have returned twice and shall be going again. Worth every penny-  and  very inexpensive. Thank you to all.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect too much. Good location though,A very basic hotel where I was not able to check in earlier due to all the rooms being booked (or so they said) This was despite arriving from 2 international flights totally 20 hours! At least they could hold my bags until checkin which was chained to others with padlocks right in the lobby area. Thought staff could more welcoming and friendly - they all seemed very young.   VERY small single rooms but it's ok if you are out exploring during the day. No mini fridge in my room but kettle for tea/coffee is supplied. Lots of hot water available. Excellent location as very close to British Museum and Oxford Street and therefore very easy to walk around. Russell Square tube station just around the corner. One of the hop on hop off bus stops is just down the road as well. WIFI in…,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Stay at Imperial hotel in July 2015.,"My stay altogether was fine. I booked a single room and the checkin was smooth at the reception but the swipe card was not functioning and had to run to and from the 9th floor (where the room was located) to reception about 3 times. Eventually got updgraded to a double room as result-which was pleasing!. The room was ok in terms of facilities but i could smell urine (apologies for the dirty mind picture), which was a big turn off for me. Secondly, the buffet breakfast also sucks. Just had the breakfast once at the hotel and then relied on Pret Manger for the remaining days.   Thr view of Russel Square from the room was very nice and refreshing. I will stay again if im low on budget but please try to do something about the smell issue.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Over all a great hotel,"Me and my colleagues stayed here for 3 weeks,returned home today 30/7/15. Compared to the sister hotel the bedford. This is the best one . Most of the Staff are really kind and helpful, day staff mainly. The hotel itself is stunning. A couple of minor issues. I was very cold one night and asked how I could put radiator on, unfortunately the whole system was off, but offered another duvet, I was happy with their solution. The older lady in the restaurant is quite rude, and scared us a bit, she would be good working at a haunted mansion😂. The waiters are lovely and very helpful. The carvery is delicious and we ate there most nights. The carvery experience was made better by the man carving.. he's Hillarious and has a laugh, even said he would miss us. One issue was my colleague…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,Stayed on 7th floor at the back of hotel so on top floor no trouble with noise and twin room was ok. Did get warm in rooms though window open throughout stay. Location is very central and meal deal was good also got free riverboat taxi  in with room. ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"Staff where very friendly, check-in was speedy and staff checked us in even though we where early. Room had a lovely view of Russel square, room clean however, beds very creaky. Breakfast was very nice, plenty of choice, coffee was not nice, bitter and nasty taste. Fruit juice was watery. Location excellent for all areas of London to explore.Bars and all areas clean and looked like a relaxed atmosphere. Would definitely use again and recommend to friends.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",convenient hotel,Stayed for two night break. Walkable from Euston. Bus stops very close by as is tube station. Excellent hotel for price. Requested quite room and was given lovely refurbished room in quiet area. Staff very friendly and helpful. Have stayed previously and would certainly stay again.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ladies minibreak,The hotel is 10 minutes away from Kings Cross Station walkable if fit. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable.The restaurant is clean and the food is very good.The staff are very pleasant polite and helpful I will be staying there again.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good <Location But Staff Uninterested,"This hotel stands in a good location so you can easily walk to where you need to be and wasn't expensive, but the staff in the lobby were generally not helpful and were not interested in their customers. The room itself was functional and clean.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and noisy,"The hotel looks nice when you enter the lobby, but that's where it ends. The room that I was in was on the Russel Square side and was extremely noisy as there is no double glazing. There is no air conditioning either, so the room was really hot. Everything is a bit shabby really. The breakfast was OK.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable for middle class,Clean and Average Room. Best suitable for Middle class Visitors. Reasonably priced. Normal Restaurant and best location for city life. near to city centre. easy to catch buses and train also sightseeing.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for the price in almost central London,This is a comparative comment for what is a 'value' hotel. When you consider prices this place becomes very reasonable.  Ultimately the facilities are basic and its still annoying every time I go there that there is no iron in each room and you have to go looking for one in the cleaner's room but apart from this I can't fault it for the price in this location.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location,"Stayed here for 4 nights on sightseeing trip. Very handy for underground and tour buses. Staff very helpful and polite. Rooms a wee bit tired but very clean. Could have done with air conditioning, rooms very warm. Breakfast was well presented. Would visit this hotel again. Good value for money.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, central and competent","Probably a three star, but I have given it a 4 because it was clean, central, the staff were competent and it was competitively priced. We requested a high floor quiet room and that is what we got. Breakfast was average, slightly cold buffet. The hotel was not at all attractive from the street and inside it was quite dated, but if you need a central affordable clean hotel, you can't go far wrong. Free wifi is also available. It is also within walking distance on Euston Station and you can leave your case prior to check in. We also left the luggage on our check out date and paid just £1 for storage.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Singola sulla strada,"Last month I stayed at 07 floor but it was too noise because my bedroom on the street.  I stayed for holiday and I like the dinner kindest offer the first night, the people are all so kindest! The location is perfect, only the noise is bad!  The breakfast was typical English breakfast!  ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value,"The hotel does not look at all attractive from the outside but once inside things improve.  Staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were clean and spacious. They serve a very good English breakfast. We were overlooking the back of the hotel and so heard no traffic. The only negative comment I can say is that there was no a/c and since we visited in July that would have been appreciated. However for the price we paid we were very satisfied.  The location is excellent, very close to tube station and there is also a small shopping centre a few minutes away.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but very central location.,"Staying in the centre of London is anything but cheap and this hotel I would say is very good value for money. Its in a great location, just 20 minute walk to Covent Garden and there's a tube station 2 minutes up the street. The rooms are quite basic but clean and of a fairly decent size, plenty of hanging space for clothes and spaces to store your luggage. There was a fridge which was very useful to store drinks and milk to make a decent cuppa!  Downsides to the room were that there is no air con and it was a rather warm week so we had to have the windows open but actually wasn't too noisy which was a lifesaver for sleeping. We asked for a fan but got told they were only for emergencies, (not sure what classes as an emergency fan but there you go). The shower also seemed to…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very central.,"This is probably one of the least attractive hotels in London from the outside but it is clean, the staff seem friendly and it is very central. You get what you pay for and you can't expect 4/5 star luxury at bargain prices. The rooms could probably do with a spruce up but they are clean and have everything you need. The beds are comfortable. Perhaps the worst thing is the noise. We were at the front overlooking Russel Square and the windows were not double glazed so the traffic noise was quite loud. However, having traipsed around the sights of London all day I was too exhausted for it to affect my sleep. Being very near a hospital doesn't help as there are ambulances with sirens blazing going past on a regular basis. The breakfast is good - they have porridge which is good…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a great central location,"We had a weekend break here and it was good rather than great. The hotel did everything well but just left us with the feeling it could be a little better. The breakfast restaurant staff seemed quite sombre although the service was good at all times. Reception staff didn't offer a single friendly word upon arrival or departure which was disappointing although others have found them quite the opposite. The room was faultless and clean, the food was always good, and the hotel is in a great central location. We would return to the hotel again, hopefully to find the staff just a bit more friendly and make the next stay great rather than good.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Some great staff here.,"I mention the staff in the title and deservedly so. We had what turned out to be a very stressful experience due to a booking company- Gala Hotels, cancelling the reservation we made and paid, for this hotel, giving us no notification whatsoever.  We lost almost a full day of our three day planned visit and a paid for city bus tour trying to organise something on one of the busiest summer weekends in London.We could not have done so without the excellent people on the desk here though. They kept helping us to contact a truculent, rude rep who hung the phone twice. They helped us rebook a three night stay which on the first weekend of Wimbledon in a very busy city, was no mean task. They let us access their WI-fi , made phone calls to various people within the place to get us…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location ,"We stayed here for a few nights last month and was a nice location - base for our adventures in London .  Hotel rooms average for London , but without a/c nor a fridge could become difficult if we had stayed for a longer period .  Staff were friendly and attentive in helping us out with directions and buying tickets for tours .    Close to bus tour stop and not far from tube station .   ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Poor disabled services,"Requested disabled room with access to walk in shower. Told only a few disabled rooms in hotel and none available. Poor evening meal in adjacent sister hotel, limited options and poor quality. Rooms basic and poor quality windows with very little insulation, drafts and could hear all outside noises.  Would not visit again. ",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Typical London Hotel,Stayed here as we were leaving for Paris on an early Eurostar train the following morning and the hotel being in Russell Square offers easy access to St Pancras. Room was clean and a reasonable size but decor was somewhat dated as it was elsewhere in the building. A typical London hotel.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Well maintained with its own services and friendly, helpful staff","Have not found London Hotels to be similar to hotels outside the city.  The price might be a bit high, but when compared to a hotel room in NYC, we got a good deal. The Imperial is clean, quiet and centrally located near public transit and so I give it a higher score than I would ordinarily.  On warm days the idea of fans in the rooms would be welcome.  The - included in the price - English breakfast was warm, fresh and substantial (the coffee can use improving). Near Tubes, Busses and quite close to train stations.  Do you want to pop over to the British Museum?  It is quite close by.  Plenty of nearby restaurants, supermarket.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Comfortable start to a trip,After reading many a review i felt it was time to write one of my own! I started my 4 week trip away with a 2 night stay in London's Imperial Hotel. It was nothing overly fancy but the staff were friendly and most helpful. The room was average sized but clean and tidy with a comfy bed to sleep off the jet lag!!!!   Great location. Id definitely come back.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for. Don't expect more.,"This isn't and wouldn't be my hotel of choice when visiting London but the company I work for, uses it. The room I stayed in was at the front of the hotel and if you're a heavy sleeper, you'll have no trouble sleeping through the street noise and sirens going by at all hours. I've stayed in the hotel before and for those who find it hard to sleep with traffic noise, ask for a room at the rear of the hotel. Rooms at the back overlook the water fountain and entrance to the casino, so apart from taxis and hire cars taking people to and from the casino, you'll get a quieter night. I didn't eat in the hotel during my stay but breakfast is served in the restaurant on the 1st floor. The surrounding area has the park opposite, which is nice in summer and if you walk around, you'll find…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Bad Food, Bad Service and Outdated decor","My husband and I booked a double room & we got a two single beds. When I told the lady at reception, she didn't even try to help us. The complimentary dinner was rushed & tasteless. The beds have wheels, so every time you sat they moved. The setup at breakfast is like boarding school/hostel - from cold toast, soggy scrambled eggs and tables set up that meant you would sit with complete strangers.   I really think you guys should keep up with the times. You have a great location BUT you really need to up the game.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average but pricey hotel in a good location,"We were on a weekend break with our 13yr old granddaughter,  on arrival hotel seemed OK ckeck in went well. We were in a family room on the second floor. The room seemed  to be clean but in the evening I didn't get much sleep as outside our room was the air condition units for the hotel and with the windows being single glazing it was very noisey. The breakfast was buffet style we have had better the bacon wasn't very good and the toast was already done and was next to the hot food which made it soggy. This hotel was in a very good location if I was to return to London I would consider this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff,"Just spent the weekend at this hotel in a group of four, checked in by a very friendly cheerful male staff member. Rooms were clean, plenty of room although ready for refurbishing. The breakfast was very good with plenty if choice and quick service. We did use the bar area and again staff were friendly and service was quick. No complaints good value.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated but comfortable,"I stayed here for one night for my Contiki trip and I didn't think too terrible. It is a bit outdated but the bed was comfortable, the Wifi worked, and the shower was warm. No A/C so I had to open windows but that worked for me, although it did allow more noise from the street to come in.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as it used to be,"This hotel used to be cheap but nice - over the years it seems to have deteriorated and become more run down. This is especially visible in the rooms - our room had clearly seen better times. It was also rather noisy, with the traffic at Russell Square providing a constant background noise. Somebody should invest in the hotel - if not they will lose out against Premier Inns and IBIS and other budget chains, that have more quality to offer.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap chic - friendly staff, aged rooms","The Imperial is a bit of an institution to those in the know. The rooms can be small and hot, the breakfast is stuck in the early 1980s, and the facilities lacking -- but the reception staff are helpful and friendly, while the location can't be beaten. Yes, it's expensive; yes, you get very little for your money -- but after you check out the alternatives in central London, you realise there's not much competition in this category. The Imperial wins hands-down.   Special thanks to the Irish concierge who spent a good 15 minutes trying to chase down a minicab company for me, and for the super cheerful lady on reception who remembered my name from the previous week!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Can't wait to leave.,"There is nothing good about this hotel. But to be here in the heat, with not even a fan in each room, and for five nights, makes me long to be back home. And I love being in London. It's not the terrible breakfast: the soggy toast, or the coffee that smells of sweaty armpits. I could cope with those! It is the tiny rooms, the lack of air, the lack of a fan, and the lack of concern the hotel shows for customer comfort. ",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful - and noisy!!!,"My tour company booked me into this hotel for both en route and on way home from a holiday break in Germany - they managed to get me a bargain so I really didnt know quite what to expect! The location was excellent - looking over Russell Sq and so near to Euston and Kings Cross Stations and lots of London tourist sights. Found it no problem, entrance is just off the main road tucked in at the back.  Reception staff were very efficient and polite and when I asked for a quiet room I was given a room on the 8th floor overlooking the atrium at the back. However this was NOT quiet, the casino below emptied just after 1am to the usual noise, there was a constant hum of aircon from other buildings and not really conducive to a good nights sleep! However the single room I had was clean…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Actually a 2.5,"This hotel is in desperate need of updating and deep cleaning.  Our room was a comfortable size, bed linens and towels very clean but there was visible mildew on the ceiling of the bathroom and the lots of dust in corners near doorjambs etc.  Most washrooms in local pubs were cleaner and better kept than the public washroom in the lobby of this hotel.  The staff was mostly friendly but some were not very good at their job.  I've never had a concierge that could not offer any answers to local questions until here.  Dining room and bar staff often inattentive and disinterested.  All in all I blame these issues on management as they are ultimately responsible for theses issues.  Also if you are looking for quiet place you'd better look elsewhere.  There is a lot of street noise and…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average but pricey hotel in good location,"I stayed at the hotel on business in late June, staying 3 nights in an 8th floor single room on a pre-paid basis, including English breakfast. The hotel is 1970s 'concrete bunker' architecture in dire need of refurbishment. Windows are single glazed and there is no aircon, so the room was very stuffy preventing sleep. The hotel rooms suffer from bad noise as one side of the hotel looks out over the main road towards Russell Sq, and the other side looks over the back of neighbouring buildings with their noisy air conditioning units. Families with young children will have problems getting them off to sleep, especially in rooms on the lower floors. The room window does not block sound. My single room was very basic, but adequate, although poor value for money. On the plus side, the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"First time at this hotel, very central round corner to Russell Square tube station and one stop away fron Kings cross station. Room was ready on arrival, stayed on 3rd floor, very large room with a settee, beds very comfatable and so was the pillows,windows only open a little as it was hot weekend would have preferred them open wider but did not spoil our weekend though. Attached to hotel on front is a bar which you can get food we did twice very nice and responsable price for food and drink. Had a meal in there sister hotel a few yards away, also lovely. On checking out we were leaving in the afternoon, they have a system where you can leave your case which is chained up with a lable on and you get a receipt for only a £1 so you can do more sightseeing. Very helpful staff and…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"having already stayed at the royal national and the president in Russell square  we decided to try the imperial and we were pleasantly surprised,the staff on reception were pleasant and helpful our room was clean and had plenty room to move, on the downside the beds were twin and moved alarmingly when we sat on them.they were actually pretty comfortable.the room on the second floor looked out onto the courtyard with a nice view  of a fountain,casino,a huge clock and historical figures looking down on everything.the atrian bar is great with the cheapest drinks we found any where in London,the food is basic but satisfactory,there is also a nice balcony area where you can watch the world go by while enjoying a few drinks.breakfast was very good with bacon,eggs, sausage,beans…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,Arrived early allowed to check in early great! Then downward spiral. Booked a double room for six nights prepaid. However allocated a room with two singles which constantly move as the wheels are not locked. Towels are super thin almost transparent. Room is very stuffy without windows open then the road noise happen. Asked for a fan no such animal. Went for a drink/feed found service very lacking so went elsewhere. Unfortunately have five more days to endure. Hopefully things will look better in the morning. At the cost of $270 per night would have expected better.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or735-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed for the weekend 19/06/15 with my teenage daughter who was horrified with the hotel décor, which is dated and grubby. Our room on the 9th floor was unbearably hot with very little ventilation. Air con would be useful. The shower over the bath was useless. It either froze you or cooked you. Would be dangerous for young children. Breakfast was very average and had to sit next to strangers! This hotel is in a great location but that is about it. Would not stay again.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or735-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Base for your London Stay,"This was our second stay in this Hotel, and as we intended to look around the British Museum, it was perfectly convenient. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and serves an adequate, but not very imaginative breakfast,with no fruits or yoghurts on offer. The twin bedded room was clean with no frills, the offer we obtained was £260 for two nights, with dinner on the first night. ( more about the dinner later ). The hotel is well situated on the corner of Russell Square, with bus stops nearby for both Euston Station ( 2 bus stops away ), and easy access to the city centre. If like ourselves, you have a bus pass, everywhere you wish to travel, by bus is free. We made the initial mistake of taking a taxi from Euston, two stops, which cost us £10. With regards to the dinner on the first…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or735-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,"Central for London theatres. The hotel is clean but very dated. The housekeeping staff woke us up at 8am shouting to each other in the corridors outside.  We went on a Super Break so it included a free 3 course dinner. We chose the sister hotel and went to the Saracen restaurant. The meal was a cavery which was only just acceptable. The bar is waiter service only and they were very slow. The breakfast was horrible - lumps of bacon, wafer thin sausages and toast, cheap beans and hard fried eggs -  and the tables were about 6 inches apart which left us feeling inhibited. We will certainly chose another hotel when we take advantage of further weekend breaks",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or735-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","service not good ,unfriendly staff","stayed in imperial hotel on 17/06/15 , for one night, good location if you wants to visit central London, hotel overall in clean condition, no ventilation in rooms , noisy if you open your windows! reception is fair, breakfast choice not good, food quality average, restaurant staff and management very rude and unfriendly,will not be returning this hotel again The Wongs Family from South Wales",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or735-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location for Visiting London,"Okay this is a not a flash 5 start hotel.  The rooms are clean, the location great for getting into central London and all of the attractions, Russell Square tube station is nearby and it is pretty cheap.  We have used four times and we would use again due to location and value.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or740-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"We had a long weekend here and the location was great for us.  Very near an underground station and right across from the lovely Russell Square.  The rooms were very clean and the bed was comfortable.  The breakfast buffet was very good.  There is a nice bar area and an upper and lower lounge.  The staff were all very helpful and attentive.  We would definitely stay here again and, for London, the hotel was reasonably priced.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or740-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Spent a week there - upgraded to a twin room (booked a single). Décor fine, reasonable view from the 8th floor, very clean. Always felt safe. Helpful staff. Couldn't really have been easier and very good value.  My most amazing experience - remember this is central London - was going to the bar and ordering a pint of lime and soda (I was thirsty!) cost 40p!!!  A latte, cappuccino and a diet coke sometime later only came to just over £5 in at atrium. Incredible prices for London.   The food in the bar is pretty basic but cheap.   Loved the value and the location.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or740-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value! Great hotel,"My friend and I stayed on Christmas for a 7 night vacation, every body at the hotel were very nice and helpful, the food at breakfast was good . Great location, 1 minute walk from the tube, and very close supermarket, Starbucks and pret a mange. clean room, clean bathroom. Will probably come back. ❤️",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or740-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice rooms in good location,We got into London from our 20+ hour flight from Australia and arrived to a comfortable room at the Imperial.   The rooms are small but cosy and we had a lovely view of Russell Square from our window. The wifi is free and fast and the beds are comfortable. The bathroom is quite small but the shower was nice so we didn't mind about the space. The heaters worked well and kept us warm and we had excellent sleeps although it did get loud at times from the outside street. The free breakfast is really good and there was a wide variety of hot food as well as tea and coffee.   The hotel is also in a really good location in Russell Square and the underground isn't far which is then only a few stops from central London.  Overall it was a really nice place to stay as our first stop in the…,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or740-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A great value 3 star hotel in a great location,"My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights. After a 3 min walk from the tube ( Russel Square ) we arrived and received a large double room on the 5th floor. I requested a Courtyard view and not the Russel Square street  view because I like a quiet room at night. and that is exactly what I got. The breakfast is a buffet, with hot food and cereal too The staff were attentive and we were allowed a late checkout (6 PM) free of charge. For the price the hotel charges, I would highly recommend this hotel as a center for discovering the city. Oxford street is a 10 min walk. No 98 bus drops you off 3 min walk from hotel and goes up Oxford street The Piccadly line goes straight to the hotel from Heathrow for around 5 pounds and takes 1 hour.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or745-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't sleep for the noise from Southampton Row and the uncomfortable dip in the bed,Booked for 2 nights in June. I was upgraded from a single to a twin room but the window looked out onto Southampton Row. Even with the window shut I couldn't hear the tv over the noise from the road. It's a busy road so it was noisy all night. The bed dipped into the middle and was very uncomfortable. The TV was tiny and the signal was poor so couldn't see it very well. The toilet is in a room on one side and the sink and bath/shower on the other so you have to leave one into the other to wash your hands which doesn't feel very sanitary. Staff on reception were very helpful and efficient.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or745-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,This is a large hotel by the theatre district.   We booked online so were given our first night's meal free and our breakfast was also upgraded to a full English breakfast.  The meal was from one of their five restaurants in the area and the breakfast had a very good selection of hot and cold food.  The hotel and room was clean but the beds could stand to be refreshed as they were quite soft and saggy.  Check in was  fast and easy and the staff were friendly and courteous.  The tube is less than a block away so getting here was not a problem.  Considering the number of people that seem to come and go from this hotel it was amazingly quiet.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or745-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & Good Location,"I stayed in the hotel for a night.   In general I was happy. The hotel is in a good location and not far from local attractions, tube etc. The hotel was clean and the staff were great. Any queries were dealt with efficiently and with professionalism. The room was a nice size and clean. There was none of the soaps etc that some might expect in a hotel however this is not a high class hotel and I wasn't expecting them.   My biggest issue was the wi-fi. It is advertised as wi-fi on request. Basically there is only wi-fi in the restaurant & hotel outside. There is none in the hotel rooms. When I queried with staff I was told that this has been advised to management/ owners but no development.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or745-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"Lovely hotel, good value for money. Staff very friendly. Food very nice and lovely areas to relax after a busy day seeing all the attractions in London. Rooms nice with ensuite facilities. To be recommended",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or745-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"I stayed in a single room on Saturday night .Plus side was cleanliness and service especially at breakfast ,the staff were attentive and polite.Breakfast was good and coffee was excellent. Near to tube station and only one stop to Kings Cross.Only downside was the noise as the hotel was busy and there was noise from folks coming out of the casino in the early hours .I got a good deal for my room so it was good value",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or750-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Faded and no glory,"I'll admit that for the price I paid (£117 for 2 nights B&B+ an evening meal) I don't have any major complaints; had I paid anywhere near their advertised rates I'd have been furious! Check in took ages - I'd requested a quiet room on a lower floor but was given a room on the 8th floor with a comment of 'oh well, it'll be quiet as it's courtyard facing'. What the receptionist didn't mention was that the casino in the courtyard carried on disgorging people into the eary hours, all  of whom seemed to feel the need to shriek at each other for 10 minutes before leaving. I could hear them so clearly because the window was open - I had to have the window open as there's no form of fan or air con in the rooms and the sun streams through the window all day so the room was stifling. It…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or750-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial by name but medium in reality,"I stayed at the Imperial for 2 nights in April 2015 whilst on business in London. My room was a single room at the back of the hotel. The best part of the room was the bathroom because of the good overhead shower in the bath. The bedroom itself was very small, good job I did not have cat with me because I could not have swung it! The bed was soft but noisy thanks to the springs creaking. Not much else to say about the room - clean and functional.  Hotel is big with good relaxing areas and decent but small bar area that serves regular food for lunch/dinner. Did not eat there but food looked OK. It was packed both evenings. Breakfast was just average hot buffet with sausages, bacon, beans and scrambled eggs that were the usual hotel type of one big lump.  Service was actually good…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or750-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas luxury,"This was a package for a few days over Christmas. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel special. The package itself was perfect from the coach trip to see the lights to meeting santa himself on Christmas day. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. The food was good but with some of the constraints of catering to very large parties of people, and often the large gatherings were cramped into areas that were far too small but this often seems to be the case with package deals of this sort. The hotel was perfectly located to see a show and visit the surrounding area and we would definitely visit again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or750-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial hotel London,"Have stayed at this hotel before, and would definitely use it again when staying in London. Location and amenities excellent. Handy for train station, and within walking distance of a good many places of interest.              ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or750-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Met our needs,"Stayed for 1 night as seeing a show. No complaints, bed comfortable, breakfast very good. Given a quiet room as requested. Heard no noise from neighbouring rooms or the corridor & were on the 9th floor so had good views & could see The Shard, the top of St Paul's, the walkie talkie & a glimpse of The Gherkin. Not 5 star but perfectly sufficient to meet our needs. Would stay again if needing to be near the West End theatres & Covent Garden.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or755-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central location,"Very convenient for Russell Square tube station.Reasonable 10-15 minute walk from Euston,Kings Cross and St.Pancras stations if arriving at those stations.Better than several hotels of a similar size that I have stayed at in London.Staff pleasant and helpful and breakfast plentiful and of good quality.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or755-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Familiar, almost like home","This is one of group of hotels in the area, ILH, big and reasonable rates, and it has the advantage of a location overlooking Russell Square. I always ask for that, upper floor too, and so far the receptionist has been able to give what I ask for. Pleasant people on the desk, porters too. The only problem is the man who 'welcomes' us for breakfast, rather surly, though he does his job.  The breakfast is OK too.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or755-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central Hotel,Stayed for 2 nights over the weekend - great location - our room overlooked Russell Square Gardens - room was bright and clean - bathroom was fine - toilet could do with some bleach but otherwise well kept - clean towels and linen each day - over zealous maid which is no bad thing wanting in the room to clean.  Breakfast was ok - perfect tourist hotel.  Russell Square Tube Station round the corner.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or755-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",imperial hotel london,We came here for my wives 6th birthday to see London and see a show. The hotel was clean and tidy the room was just as required with the only slight complaint was the shower was over bath with mixer tap which was hard to get to the right temperature. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful especially the porters who had to go out to the main road to hail taxis which was never any problem to them no matter the time of day. The other staff were all friendly with a smile and a greeting whenever the seen you. The free dinner for staying three night was great and with a choice of 4 restaurants in various nearby hotels to choose from.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or755-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location,had lovely stay room was very nice 7th floor overlooking rusell square ive stayded in all imperial chain hotels and this is good breakfast is average but it fills you up for the day i must mention the lovely lady who checkded me in she had amy winehouse makeup on she is a credit to your chain lovely and frendily personility lovded the atricum bar and the retro bar on the 1st floor lovded the james bond photos its not modern but that is its charm,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or760-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",london break,"Large tourist hotel,  lots of tourist and business clients looking for an  economicstay,  Breakfast ok , tables set out in long lines a bit like a school dining room, one or two waiters could have done with having a shower.  Guest rooms basically fine but a bit tired, we did have an issue with a cleaning oversight which was  soon rectified. The hotel has a separate bar/restaurant which gave good value",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or760-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",would not recommend this hotel,"Basic to say the least, the staff were not helpful in anway and what information we did manage to persuade them to share was incorrect and time wasting.   Make sure you bring your own towel if you want something bigger than a teatowel.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or760-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Could have been better,"This was my second time at this hotel, and I am still torn for opion. On one side this is a very decent place with a team of people who really seem to care. But then you sometimes get the feeling that nobody has really cared for this place since 1910.  The room was ok, but the shower didn't really work. The last time I had a room with a view onto Russel Square (very nice), and I didn't sleep very much because of the police sirenes and the drunken brawl. This time I had a room out to the back, and there was this all-night hum of the airco.  There is a decent breakfast, but the cooked breakfast could have been hotter, the sausages and the scrambled eggs tastier.  A lot of people on the staff are great, but then there are also folks who I thought might just take a training course…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or760-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business or Leisure,"This hotel is ideally situated for a leisure trip to London, close to West End attractions and public transport. It is also fine for a business visit.   Rooms are clean and modern with all the facilities you might expect from a 3* hotel. My only criticism would be that the mattresses are a little springy and cheap feeling for my liking.  Room rates are very competitive for this part of London and the inclusive 'full English' breakfast is a welcome bonus.   On-site parking also means that you can drive to the door if you prefer to do this rather than use public transport, all at a reasonable cost.   Overall, a great base for your London visit at very reasonable cost.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or760-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know what to say,"Was booked this hotel through work. Whilst a good location it needs work. In so many ways it really does need work. From the shockingly poor facade to the poor rooms decor, the dirt encrusted windows to the staff development. It needs work. Having said that lots of people here so it must be doing something right. They seemed like good folk so maybe I am missing something?",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or765-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect hotel for a City trip,"Very well located hotel at Russell Square, at walking distance from the British Museum, Covent Garden etc. Very friendly staff an an excellen full English Breakfast included in the price.  A good bar open late and good food also available all day.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or765-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Swedish workshop London,"Imperial hotel is situated by Russell square in central London close to subway, although not too easily found. Quite large hotel but not new, means standard ok but not more. Checkin and out were quick, but I wanted to pay in advance and that took a quite long procedure after I almost forced them to accept prepayment. One good thing was that I really got WiFi, even without extra charge, although not high speed.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or765-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location and Service brilliant,"Stayed at this hotel many times. Ideally located for both rail stations and central London attractions. Clean ,comfortable and reasonable price  by London standards. A really good hotel for bed and breakfast , utilising the location to visit other attractions in the London area. Staff very friendly and the dining room staff very quick and efficient. Standard has always been consistently good over the years. Slowly, refurbishment is taking place in an essentially 1960's building and where complete is undoubtedly appreciated by guests.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or765-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly located,This hotel is easily reachable from Heathrow with the subway. On only a few minutes walk from the shopping area. Easy subway nearby and open top buses only a few meters away. Perfect to explore London.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or765-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",imperial excellence,a very friendly customer orientated hotel. room was clean and comfortable. food service top quality. affordable room pricing. convenient location with bus and tube station. short minute walks to a lot of popular attractions. have stay there twice and would stay there again. robert   ,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or770-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good service and english breakfast,"Something between three and four stars because in some ways the hotel have seen better days, but finish with four as the people that works there doing the best they can for the service to guests.   We were there in september 2014 so we guess it can be hot in the rooms at summertime as the rooms dont have separete AC.  Ask for room as high as you can both for the view an when you open the windows you get away from the trafic noise.   Strict but polite manager in the breakfast area, with full english breakfast that you can buy even if not included with your room from the start.  This hotel we could go back to instead of the five star hotel we visit in spring 2015...see other feedback...",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or770-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"This hotel is on a busy main road but the entrance opens into a courtyard, tranquil and peaceful away from the hub. It is a very large hotel and appeared to be full at this time. The room was clean and white bed linen and towels spotless. The main restaurant served buffet style breakfast with good variety. There are other restaurants in the hotel and can only comment on the Night and Day bar/restaurant which served good food quickly and plentiful and tasty. There are many additions including cash point, Casino in the courtyard and many bars. It is in a good location with a short walk to Covent Garden and Leister Square and the British Museum is close by. One tip for travellers in rooms overlooking Russell Square and the main road, take your ear plugs as it is very noisy during…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or770-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good, clean, simple","A good hotel with a good location. Close to the Russell Square underground station. Clean room, polite staff. Basic room, nothing special or extravagant. Just a place to come back to after a day of sightseeing. I didn't leave impressed, but I didn't leave unhappy.  ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or770-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and good location,"This hotel is located near the British museum . Very good location, close to the Metro . Rooms were very clean , good strong hot water, the bed is very comfortable,very good breakfast and nice people. Need to verify that you really get a double bed and not separed beds. Wifi in the room often disconnects",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or770-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",the worst hotel experience for a long time (see pics!),"Ok, it's London meaning hotel standards are on poorer side. But still, Imperial experience was below the standards by all means.  List of positives is nice and short: + location + wifi worked well  Then the rest: - Upon the check-in clerk girls were chatting like: ""omg I still have 12 minutes left in my shift! cannot wait to get out!"" - I had reservation made through travel agent. Of course it wasnt possible to check-in by name only, but also showing the reservation confirmation from email also didnt work out. Had to send the reservation to hotel's email and wait until somebody managed to catch it.  The same thing at the breakfast, bored and rude waiters were expecting show up with a coupon. COME ON PEOPLE, it is 2015 - why you are teasing your customers?! It is not…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or775-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable centre of the London Universe,"Offering bed and breakfast at very affordable prices and within reach of much of what London has to offer should be an attraction for a variety of travelling to London. With Russell Square tube station just around the corner, this hotel is one hour on the Piccadilly Line direct from Heathrow. Car parking can had in a multistorey (submerged) car park just up the street, the Imperial has many of the main bus routes stopping outside the entrance. Oxford Street, Covent Garden are just a handy 10 minutes stroll away and British Museum in at the other end of the beautiful Russell Square in front of the hotel. The hotel is clean, comfortable  and very homely. I have taken rooms high and to the rear to reduce the noise of the street  (Southampton Row is busy London Street). Breakfast is…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or775-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central London Hotel,"Just back from a 2 night stay, had 2 twin rooms. Check in was easy and staff very helpful. I asked for adjacent rooms and we were given rooms next to each other. We found the rooms to be spacious, clean and plenty of room. The bar in the hotel was good and not over priced. The breakfast room was good shown to your table and served with your hot drinks, then help yourself to the buffet plenty of choice. We have had a great couple of days and found hotel to be great for our theatre weekend. Would definitely recommend, all staff really nice & helpful. We will be back.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or775-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",too expensive for what it offers,both metr of breakfast buffet were rude.  the rooms had very small beds . the fridge was out of order.  the toilet was in different place than the bathtub and washbasin and there was not any toilet brush .,Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or775-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay.,"Clean, neat hotel. Beds were two singles  beds seperated by a bedside lamp.15 minutes walk to CBD.. No fridge but it was only overnight. Staff were really friendly. English breakfast was typical bay marie style but pleasant all the same. ",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or775-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Uncomfortable mess,"We stayed in this hotel for two nights before our Contiki tour. Originally I was given a room with two twin beds. I got them to change the room (I am married and paid a fortune to stay an extra night), they put us in a handicap room because the front staff claim double beds are super rare (yet is advertised on their sign) and that travel agents lie when they tell you you can get double beds in Europe. Every single time we showered the entire bathroom flooded, then the toilet paper and all the towels would fall into the puddle because the holders fell off. The bed was really old and uncomfortable, you could feel every spring and see indents where others had slept. It was also really hot in the room and the heater wouldn't turn off. The room was clean and the location good but…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or780-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel and central,Hotel was better than I thought it would be.  Breakfast was good. I'm staying there again in July. Good location tube straight from Airport to hotel. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Did not use the bar.               ,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or780-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Situated well for several London attractions - British Museum for example. A number of restaurants nearby. Wifi available in room and public areas. Room small but had all necessary facilities, overlooked a small pleasant park. Bed comfortable.                                              ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or780-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely staff,"I did not stay in this hotel but was there for a function in the Elizabethan Room.  The food was nice, there was a nice atmosphere and the staff were absolutely lovely.  Could have done with more than one barman as we arrived though.  The queue for drinks was very long.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or780-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Depressing,"Yes, London is expensive, and this hotel is on the cheaper side. And yes,  I  was well received on arrival. And yes,  there was Wi-Fi in my room. But, the room windows were so dirty as to obscure the view on Russel Square. Also  shareholders could consider a  reduction of their cut to invest in soundproofing the windows? Would it also possible to allow hotel customers to sign their drinks and food to their rooms? And where was the famous London pub atmosphere? Sorry folks, but you have a lot of work to do before I come back. ",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or780-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","If you just need somewhere for the night, it's good.","I stayed here the night before starting a tour. The reception staff was very friendly and attentive. The rooms lacked. The beds were on wheels and moved as soon as you sat down on them, any room near the street was ridiculously loud, all night, but besides that it was sufficient. Good Location.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or785-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, cheap","We stayed in this hotel before a European tour. No hassle, nice hotel to stay in before continuing our vacation. Not luxury, but you get what you need for a nicely located no frills hotel. Near the Piccadilly line that goes staright to the airport and most tourist areas in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or785-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",May stay,"I was at the Imperial Hotel back in May for about a week. I thought that the breakfasts and location was superb. I also thought that the staff were very good at helping guests navigate London! I thought that this hotel was excellent value for money and don't have anything negative to report at all.  I was upgraded during my stay which was nice. I am very impressed that such a large hotel has such good customer service, excellent food quality and extremely good room service.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or785-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","cheap clean no frills budget hotel next to Russell Square -good location for british museum, Oxford st and theatre land","what to say about this budget hotel - it's basic but clean - my single room was small but adequate, the bathroom was spotless and the sheets crisply laundered. the briefing on check in was comprehensive. breakfast was a bit motorway services standard but no complaints at this inclusive price. my deal included meals in the next door President hotel and 2 other affiliates nearby. I tried the president - my self-serve starter salad was tasty as was my desert from the sweet trolley. the carvery looked delicious but other than the beef which was lovely, everything else was very bland. No wonder the restaurant was almost empty - a shame.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or785-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Unfriendly and need for a renovation,"All emloyees in the reseption area look like they don't like guests. The waiters in the breakfast restaurant do what they are told, but they are in the world competition in not smiling. The hotel needs a lot of renovation. We will try to find another hotel next time in London",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or785-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A nice hotel.,"The location is brilliant, right in the centre of London, really handy for everything. Good service, very polite and helpful staff. The food, breakfast and evening meal was very nice.  Some good summer deals will bring me back.  Cask beer in the bar would've made my stay perfect.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or790-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Value, Great Location","We visited this hotel as part of a theatre break package, we had an enjoyable stay.  All of the staff were very helpful.  Breakfast each day and one Evening Dinner were included in the cost, Breakfast had all of the usual choices and one could have anything from cereal through to a full cooked breakfast.  Dinner could be taken at any of the hotels within the group - so there was quite a choice.  As we were going to the theatre we opted for the carvery which opened earlier in the evening - this was fine, with several choices for starter, main course and desert.  We chose a higher floor room which had a lovely view over Russell Square, the noise from the street was bearable and we had the window open because the room was so hot.  The room facilities are basic - but more than…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or790-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Vacation to London,"No great choice for breakfast, Everyday the same. Being a vegetarian had a tough time to put up with the smell in breakfast room. Not had this experience anywhere else in Europe. The staff at dining did not understand or could speak English.   However centrally located and easily reachable to any place in London. Direct tube to Heathrow. Very close to tube station and British Museum. Service was OK and free wifi was provided.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or790-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but otherwise pretty basic,"A group of us stayed for the weekend and we were disappointed. There were some positives - the location is great with a tube station 2 minutes away, the ground floor bar was pleasant with friendly staff and was extremely good value for money and the hotel was also very clean. I am struggling to find anything else on the plus side. The main issue was the hotel bedroom which was boiling hot; it was extremely noisy (we had a room overlooking Russell Square with endless traffic throughout the night); we had a mattress through which we could feel the springs, the bed was such poor quality that it moved every time we sat down on it; the pillows were very hard; there was no fridge for chilled water; bath towels were more the size of hand towels and so it goes on. Breakfast was OK with…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or790-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",GCJ15,"The Hotel is ideally situated with easy access to the Russell Sq. Piccadilly Line tube station. Prices for London are reasonable but be prepared for fairly basic room facilities.eg.towels small and thin,mixer tap bath shower and very small TV by todays standards.(c.10/12inch)Our curtains had quite a few holes in them and we felt the room could do with a makeover.  Having said that the double room had plenty of space.  We eat in the carvery for dinner of the adjoining hotel(all part of the same group)and found the food adequate. The staff were generally helpful and attentive. All in all a hotel which would provide you with a good base in London at a reasonable price but don't expect it to exceed your expectations and I guess in some cases it might be hard to match them.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or790-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dated,"The hotel and staff are pleasant enough but the rooms could do with a makeover : peeling, dirty wallpaper, torn bed bases, tired old carpeting. The only other complaint I'd have is that the rooms are searingly hot when you go into them. As someone else pointed out double glazing would be beneficial as both sides of the hotel are extremely noisy.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or795-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","OK value, good location","Staff were all very helpful and friendly. Room ok but a lot of street noise (4th floor). Windows are not double glazed so need to be upgraded. Breakfast is basic. Avoid the coffee at breakfast, it is not good,                                             ",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or795-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",as usual mixed feelings,"As usual we read reviews, but decided we would still book hotel for a short break and as usual were very pleased with hotel. yes it is a bit dated but very clean, we had everything we needed, hairdryer tea and coffee could do with extra of each though. we walked from kings cross to hotell took about 30mins (cousin 72 me 68) so took it a bit slow. we were in room 827 wanted higher level with a view, wern't  disappointed we looked over russel square perfect. Was prepared to overlook noise for view. But wasnt bad at all. Very hot in room first night couldnt work out how to turn radiators off, asked at reception next morning was told there was something on side to turn but they turned it off for us. Breakfast was lovely plenty of everything tea, coffee served as soon as we sat down.…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or795-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great friendly staff, but rooms could do with a bit of tlc!","Couldn't fault the staff, they would bend over backwards to help us, however, bedrooms were a little tired! All clean & perfectly functionable, but could do with fresh coat of paint & a little modernising.  Good value hotel though for the money we paid.  Great location for the West End etc",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or795-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Central, decent hotel",I've stayed in this hotel many times and have always found it comfortable and clean! The twin rooms are quite spacious and have everything you need including a kettle hair dryer etc. For Central London this hotel does exactly what it says on the tin! ,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or795-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pefect,"Stayed here for two nights ,perfect for Kings Cross , west end , easy walking distance to most tourist attractions and for those further away Russel Square tube station is just around the corner . Mixed reviews about this hotel but can only say we enjoyed every minute of our stay . Room was very clean , staff friendly and helpfull ,Atrium bar great for a quiet drink at the end of the night , good breakfast in the morning . If you are looking for nice hotel at a reasonable price you won't go far wrong here ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or800-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",new renovation & clean with great location,"Room - cosy, clean, quite & secure. Location - near to the park, you can have very early morning jogging with fresh air. Walk-able to many attractions, very convenience. Service - friendly & helpful staff, breakfast buffer included with many choice!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or800-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoy my stay,"I only stayed for 24 hours but really wished I could have extended my stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel room was a single, basic but definitely comfortable and clean. The room came with an ensuite, tv, coffee making facilities, hairdryer and even a trouser press!  Very conveniently located to British museum, and covent garden, and 5 min walk to the nearest tube station. Definitely a great stay for a tourist. The breakfast was very nice too - which came within cost of the room. It is a self serve buffet which a variety of what to chose from. I chose bacon, beans, eggs and sausages - which were cooked thoroughly and tasted great. I opted to stay in the breakfast room however there is an option for room service for a small fee. The hotel came with much going…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or800-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel excellent location,"Stayed at the Imperial for a few nights in Feb. Good hotel in a great location can walk to a lot of London's attractions. Good small bar located on premises and a couple of good local ones near by. Rooms are on the smaller side but comfortable to come back to at the end of the day. No problems with the service, all in all a good hotel",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or800-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location very good,"Stayed here in a executive suite for a weekend to visit the British Museum ,Llbrary , Covent Garden and Somerset house . All these places are readily accessible from the hotel . The sister hotel ,The President ,with the atrium bar and the restaurant can be used from the Imperial .However, there are many very good restaurants around the hotel which are superior to those in the hotel . The suite was spacious but left a lot to be desired in comparison to other hotels . There was little difference in price between a standard room and suite otherwise it would not have been worth it .Considering very little time is spent in the hotel , location is the determining factor for me .",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or800-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Alright if you're exploring London,"I've stayed here a couple of times with work and once for a sightseeing trip and it does a job. It's best features are that it's very handily situated for the tube and there are some nice restaurants in the vicinity.  It's pretty basic, but clean, well heated, the staff are friendly and the breakfast is decent. It's not luxury, but then it's not priced that way so if you're after a reasonably priced bed for the night (comparatively for London anyway) then it's it's a good shout.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or805-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a few days break,"Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  The rooms were clean and were a good size,  as there is no double glazing lots of road noise we stayed on the sixth floor overlooking Russel Square. Could do with new beds as the are very creaky and mattresses very saggy. The buffet breakfast was ok nothing special.  Good reasonable priced cocktails in the Antrium bar. The location is very good just around the corner from the tube station. This hotel is fine for a few days sightseeing.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or805-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel,It simply isn't worth the money! You can find far better hotels in London for that much money! ILH Group is very bad and not to be recommended. I will never stay here again. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or805-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It does what it says on the tin,"Stayed a couple of nights for a theatre break. Chose this hotel for the location and the price. It is within 15 minutes walk of the city, the west end and Euston. The rooms are of an average size for city hotels and are clean with basic furnishings. Reception is efficient and the service friendly. The breakfast is buffet style and of reasonable quality. There are, of course, more luxurious hotels in the vicinity, but it would be hard to imagine a chain which gives better value.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or805-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",about imperial hotel london,"I arrived in the morning, was given a warm welcome and enough support. the room is okay. The free breakfast is delicious.The staff are nice and supportive, the rooms are cleaned daily. They have good internet service but they charge money for their gym which I thought should be free for lodgers.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or805-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Vera simple in a sécias area,"The hotel is very old without  necessary renovations. The staff is very helpful. The location is just great, near Russell square and the Subway station. Houver, it noisy. It is cheap for London, but it is ok for very fez dans.                              ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or810-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Classic English style to be admired,"The room I got was small with little space to move but it had the basic needs. The view from the small window was horrible, overlooking a back yard, but it has this English classic feel to it in all the small details: The bathtub and washing basin, the way the clean towels were placed, and the narrow bed too small, yet comfortable. Breakfast had that same touch.  In anycase, it is close to Russel square, and transportation is easy in the underground and buses too",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or810-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",If on a business trip - forget it.,"Imperial by name and Imperial in age and facilities. Fine if you're in London for a few tourist days on a budget but I was booked in for a fortnight's business trip and moved out after two nights. Pluses - friendly front desk staff - but not very efficient and some might have been temporary as they had to ask other members of staff about laundry facilities and other basic hotel services. The room was scruffy, not very clean, no double glazing and noisy with street traffic. The system for laundry was arcane (you had to deliver it to a room on the 2nd floor and the staff always seemed to be 'on their break'), subcontracted out (fine) and the results were good. The only meal I ate in the hotel was breakfast which was very poor indeed,  Little choice and I cannot understand how the…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or810-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel! Could use a face lift,"Stayed at this hotel for 10 nights in total, the staff were fantastic and very friendly. The room itself was a a but of a let down but we didn't spend much time in the room. Would certainly visit again! Certainly very local to everything and a quick walk or taxi to everywhere ",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or810-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a couple of tourist days in London,"This is an ideal hotel if you're using it as a base to explore London. The room was clean & decently decorated, if a bit dated. It was just small details like tiny cups & only 1 teabag each & no fridge which let it down, just a little for me. Decent enough selection available for breakfast. We ate in the day & night bar for ease 1 night before we headed out- I'd stay at the hotel again, but not eat there, below average food in my opinion. Big bonus for us was calling into hotel when we arrived in London to be told we could check in straight away. ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or810-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Best of London ,I  went to this hotel when I was with college in 2009 and it was a very good hotel it was nice and clean and the staff was very nice the bedrooms was fantastic and the food was brilliant  it was when we had the flooding in chesterfield and Sheffield and my dad had told me that he had walked from his work to his house in the flooding and it was up to his knees ,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or815-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",cheap,"We had a room with 3 single beds , for 3 adult s sharing the room size was ok. Even though the radiator was on the room was chilly due to the single glazing and I had a draught on me during the night. Only two plug sockets so annoying when you all have phones to charge , cameras ect . bathroom very basic and could do with a deep clean. Towels are pretty awful small , stained and ruff bring your own if you can. we stayed fòr 3 night I only tried the breakfast once . I wouldn't give it to mý dog . Salty dry bacon shrivelled up sausages cold beans and truly awful scrambled egg ! Even the coffee was awful . Just avoid and have breakfast out . We were on floor 3 facing in there is a casino next to the entrance of the hotel that has people coming and going till the small hours of the…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or815-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and very simple,"The hotel's best attribute is probably its location, at Russel square, and possibly the fact that it shows how historic and old hotels were constructed. It has a very big and wide lobby in terms of reception. Also lots of personnel staying ready to service. The President hotel is innerly connected and both hotels seem to share the same bar and possibly more facilities. Our room was very simple but OK. The breakfast was not versatile at all, and had very little to offer for vegeterians (nothing for veagans).",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or815-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated and average level of service,"The service level is of average quality. The staff at the front desk are efficient, but smiling to their guests wouldn't hurt. Rooms are outdated and desperately needs refurbishing. Breakfast was below average. Feels like a Waste of Money the pay good Money for that breakfast",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or815-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location rest not too good,Stayed early December for 1 night. The location was great 10 minutes from euston and 10 minutesfminutesfrom tube. Unfortunately the rest was nothing to write home about. Room in desperate need of updating. Staff extremely rude. The 'cocktail bar' refused to serve us cocktails after happy hour had ended despite our party being willing to pay full price with the staff giving us the 'death stare'. This was 9pm on a Saturday nite. The cost was good for a central London hotel however think I will look elsewhere for future visits,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or815-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good 3-star hotel,"We stayed here for 3 nights in December 2014 with our 3 teenage sons. It was their first visit to London and was a great hotel for the purpose. The location - Russell Square - is a few minutes' walk to the terrific British Museum and literary Bloomsbury, and is very close to central London without being in a very crowded touristy area. Best of both worlds. Russell Square itself is the historic public park across the road, complete with cute squirrels whom we fed nuts. The tube is five minutes' walk and from there you can be in central London very quickly. Our rooms were comfortable and quiet and the full English breakfasts - complete with gentlemanly uniformed waiters - in the old-fashioned dining room were a hit with everyone. This is a big hotel but we did not find it noisy at…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or820-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The location was nice,"The hotel was situated near the underground. Otherwise it was not a good choice for me. Breakfast was very limited, I was very disappointed. The room was ok, I suppose, but too warm and noicy for me (traffic). The pub downstairs was ok, that was a plus. But the major disappoinment was the wifi. It didn't work at all. If you are having a holiday, it's ok I suppose, but while in business it's a major fault. The staff there were very polite and helpfull and only because of them three out of five :)",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or820-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fine,"Just stayed for a week. Rooms refurbished and okay. V clean, basic shower reasonable space. V safe. Only problem was room v hot .  Wifi v hit and miss  Ate in the bar which while just okay was incredibly cheap. £ 4.50 for a jacket potatoe with tuna incredible!",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or820-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","good value, good location","great location, near Russell Square tube station and nr Bloomsbury. Just a 10-15 min walk to Euston and St Pancras. ask for a room at the back away from road noise and high up (9th floor ideal). rooms small but clean and breakfast solid enough. overall it's a cheap and decent lace to stay that's convenient. I've stayed many times.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or820-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Week-end break,"We went as a family to the Imperial for a week end break. The rooms fine quite good size for basic room. However do not ask for room at front of Hotel, so so noisey. The breakfast awful cold beans, cold bacon and service, what service. We were sitting right by the dumb waiter / matro de and no offer more Tea Coffee did not take cereal dishes away we had to ask awful. The location very good though for Covent Garden, The Strand etc",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or820-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great for friends,"My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights. The location of the hotel is fantastic. The tube station, Russell Square is a 2 minute walk.The rooms are small but fairly comfortable. The breakfast is simple and fairly modest. The hotel doesn't seem to have any double beds, so my partner and I both had single beds. We did inquire about this and we were told they don't have them. There is a fair bit of road traffic noises that goes by, but it didn't stop us from sleeping.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or825-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable,"I have stayed at the Imperial Hotel at Russell Square a few times now and I have found it to be a very comfortable hotel. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, the breakfast adequate and the location great. It is a good solid 3 star hotel with all the amenities you could want (including free wi-fi). The hotel is conveniently located near restaurants, cafes, parks, museums and tube stations. Russell Square station is a 2 minute walk and Holborn a 5 minute walk. There is a Starbucks about 100m up the road and all major London attractions are within walking distance. I will certainly stay here again.  ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or825-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Stayed here for a week, its quite central tube stations for Russell Square and Holborn just a ten minute walk.  Five minutes walk from the British Museum and Tottenham Court Road and about 15 minutes to Convent Gardens.  All staff are very helpful and are always on hand to answer queries or help in whatever way they can.  The rooms are very clean and a lot of attention is given to hospitality.  We had an executive room which is nice and roomy although we have also stayed previously in normal rooms which are more compact but just as comfortable.  WIFI is available free of charge throughout the hotel with a password available from reception and we were told the system was being updated all the time.  There is also a free wireline too.  Breakfast was a buffet type with the typical…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or825-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Excellent location, good links for underground, 5 mins walk to Russell sqr tube ( Piccadilly line), 10 mins walk to Holburn tube station. Also good links for buses, 98 to Marble Arch (passes trough Oxford Street) 188 to Greenwich ( takes about 60 mins) and 168 to the Zoo. Staff very helpful, special mention to Nur the male housekeeper on the 9th floor, who did his best to make us feel comfortable. Clean room, linen changed daily, although the towels needs to be replaced, they are a bit worn out. Good breakfast which is included in the room price. Rooms on the Russell Sqr side are a bit noisy, but this is compensated by the view on the upper floors. Free wifi in room. Very good value for money considering that this is a 3 star hotel. Day&Night pub serves good cheap bar meals,…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or825-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Older hotel with small rooms but adequate, clean and comfortable","The staff were very nice and had adapters you could borrow. The breakfast buffet was the same daily which was traditional: fried eggs, beans, sausage, etc. The rooms were very compact but were clean and comfortable. It was a decent walk to Picadilly Circus and Covent Garden buy not terrible. A hop on hop off tour is located convenienty up the street.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or825-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","A good, budget-conscious choice near Russell Square","I have stayed at both the President and the Imperial Hotels, which are adjacent to one another.  The President is akin to a youth hostel, in contrast to the Imperial.  Although the carpet is frayed and the walls could be brightened up, the price is reasonable, the hotel is clean, the bar has a lovely jazz band certain nights of the week, the breakfast buffet is quite good, and the location is fabulous.  This is an easy walk from the Russell Square tube station, and a couple of blocks from the British Museum.  I travel to London once a year to academic events, and I now request they lodge me here rather than some of the other nearby hotels.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or830-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",nice to stay great location,"Thse hotel in Russell sq. Is in a great location, there are many restaurants les then 5 minute walk. Underground station is 2 minute specially if you go out from the hotel true the bar and president hotel (they are connected).  Room was clean but a safe is desperately needed. English breackfast needs a change, vegetables cheese needed. Who can eat beans each morning. At the end - what we payed was less then what we got!",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or830-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel let down by lousy mattress,"Stayed here in a twin room with my partner. On the plus side: Clean and well maintained hotel and room, excellent staff, good location, very quiet at night, reasonable breakfast. On the negative size: Possibly the worst mattress I've ever slept in in a Hotel, I could feel every spring and it bent like banana. Plus I'm not especially tall but I found my feet sticking out of the bottom of the bed. Feel a bit let down by this as it could have have been a 5 star.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or830-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good for London,"We stayed for five nights with an excellent package at a very reasonable price including two dinners - though none of the restaurants in the hotel chain are much good - and a cocktail and free parking for the first four nights, but that did not help since we did not have our car with us. The rooms are all the same, pretty basic in some ways, smallish beds, excellent heating, a bath rather than the shower, and one teabag per day!  The porters are quite knowledgeable about what is on and where.   However despite the good features there are some poor features as well. Because of train delays we had to send two people on ahead to book in.   Despite showing written confirmation to reception, reception duly overcharged them, telling them they had to pay or they could not have a room.…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or830-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location nice staff,"we stayed here as a family 7 nights in December.  Our room was great. With a bath that we were in a room with a baby bed, but the rest are smaller. A few points: 1. Not so clean 2. Breakfast is poor and not tasty 3. nice and helpful staff 4. Within the hotel has a nice bar and intimate. Cafe calm 5. Not bad location 5 minutes by train from the center in addition there are a few shops around The hotel still pretty good location relaxed and quiet",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or830-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good value hotel close to central London,"This hotel provides a convenient base at a reasonable cost close to central London. It is ideally located close to central London beside Russell Square and within walking distance of the main line railway stations of Euston and King's Cross and the Eurostar terminal of St Pancras International.   The Imperial is described as the flagship hotel of the Imperial Hotel group of hotels. Other nearby London hotels of the group includes the President (which shares many of the Imperial's public areas and dining facilities) and the nearby Bedford, Royal National, Tavistock and County Hotels. The County Hotel has rather basic facilities compared to the Imperial. Next door to the front door of the hotel is a casino and there are a small number of boutiques on the ground floor of the hotel…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or835-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Very pleasant staff, good check-in. Stayed for a 3 day Christmas Break and found buffet- style meals a bit tedious, especially having to queue most of the time,  very generous with the wine on these occasions but I think at least Christmas Lunch could have been waiter served.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or835-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","great location, great value",booked online and got a great flight&hotel deal! quick train journey from all popular areas! enjoyed my london stay from start to finish:) staff were helpful and polite! :) would go back and stay here. ideal for a long weekend!,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or835-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"We stayed here a few weeks ago for 2 nights, stayed 6 years ago and thought it was ok but excellent location, and,that really is the only good thing! the young man who checked us in was so rude, so rude that I was actually speechless, he checked us in laid our card on the desk and walked off, we hadn't even realised he had given us the card and finished, no welcome, no chat, no nothing, didn't even tell us the room number, breakfast times etc as I say nothing! Room was dull, and in desperate need of modernisation, dirty scuffed walls, dirty windows, uncomfortable bed, lumpy pillows, torn curtains, rip in the chair, brown mark on toilet seat on arrival. Breakfast, tasteless, manic, soggy toast the same as,6 years ago, ran out of rolls, long wait,for,them to replenish food, ate…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or835-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value in Central London,"We have stayed at the Imperial and its sister Hotel the President many times over the years most recently in December 2014. On the plus side it is probably the best value for money you can get in the centre of London (Russell Square, Bloomsbury). It is physically joined to the President and shares many of the public areas. Because of this it has literally hundreds of rooms. The quality of the rooms vary the basic rooms being in need of a decor/fittings refurbishment while the executive suits are quite modern. All the rooms we have stayed in have been always been clean. The hotel has always been popular and busy when we have stayed. Most guests appear to be foreign tourists  no doubt attracted by the good value. Breakfast is the main downside to this hotel. Because of the large…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or835-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location at a good price!,"I've now stayed at this hotel a few times because the travel company I travel with always books it. This place is in a great location! Easy to get to from the airport on the Tube. Super close to the British Museum. Walking distance to the Trafalgar Square, the theater district etc. The rooms here are small but they're clean. The staff is friendly and there are lots of places to grab a bite to eat, or a drink within really short walking distance.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or840-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and well located but those windows/ventilation need replacing,"This is a pleasant enough place and very well located indeed.  Good staff, nice foyer, wi-fi in all rooms and the room itself was quite spacious (though the bathroom wasn't quite as spacious).  Brekky is entirely adequate and is what is too be expected in the imperial group of hotels.  We stayed in room 648 and our only criticism would be the windows and the room in general would steam up after using the shower.  Seemingly no ventilation in the bathroom, to the point where we needed to open the windows when we returned to the room after breakfast.  The windows are probably the originals from the 60/70s. That is only a minor criticism though and we would certainly consider staying here again.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or840-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse running around at breakfast,I have stayed her a couple of time because the company I work for books it. On entrance its got a quite grand reception area which in first impressions is ok- although quite dated.   The rooms are in poor condition. They need to modernise and redecorate. Generally adequate size but needs a face lift.  Breakfast tastes terrible. Toast is pre cooked and sitting under heaters. Scrambled eggs are tasteless.  As we were eating our breakfast one of my colleagues noticed a mouse in the corner of the room. I couldn't believe my eyes. I actually threw it a bit of bacon which it took and happily ran back into the wall panelling where it came from.  I will not be staying in here ever again!,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or840-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, well situated hotel.","The Imperial is a 10 minute walk from Euston station and is close to Russel Square tube station and also bus stops are only a few yards away. Check in was smooth and efficient and with adequate lifts we were settled in our room quickly. The room was clean and had a great view looking over Russel square gardens. We paid the price for the view later on as the single glazed windows were draughty and the traffic noise only stopped for about 20 minutes about 3am and then kicked off again. However, we were in London and we managed, but if we went again I would ask for a room at the rear of the hotel. There were plenty of sachets of coffee etc and got refills from reception with no problem. Bathroom was clean and the shower over the bath was hot and powerful. Beds were ok and for the…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or840-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quality hotel at reasonable london prices,"Nice location nr british museum and holburn nightlife. Few select eateries n pubs 2mins away. Ask for room not facing main road, may overlook russel sq but the road noise is horrendouss. Would stay again as 134 squids for dounle room wi buffet brekky is worth lack of sleep. Beds comfy n rooms spacious.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or840-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Stayed for one night on Saturday night in their so called Executive Room, well if this was Executive I dread to think what their standard rooms are like. The sofa bed was filthy, the chair was ripped leaving no where but the bed to sit. The standard of cleaning was joke and then breakfast the next morning was like a bad back street Cafe, soggy toast, fatty bacon and cheap sausages. Have stayed at lots of London Hotels for a weekend get away but certainly would not return to this one.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or845-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for Money,"5 of us stayed in 3 rooms for 2 nights and we shall be returning here next time we go to London. Yes it does suffer a little from traffic noise but it is is Central London!!! We have stayed in a 5 star central London hotel and that was the same. A pair of earplugs generally solves the problem! The rooms were spotlessly clean and the beds comfortable. The staff were polite, friendly and very helpful.  The breakfast was very good. Great selection of juice, fruit, cereal and traditional english breakfast foods. The restaurant staff, with one exception, were friendly and helpful. We had No problems  with cleanliness at all so no idea what the previous reviewer was concerned about. Of course it is a busy hotel. it is in a central location and is a very reasonable price. If it were…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or845-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable but noisy,We stayed at this hotel in September and while the service was great and amenities useful our room had so much traffic noise we felt like we were in the middle of a six lane freeway the bar was nice good food and valet service fantastic ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or845-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"We booked for our anniversary. . The location is great...but!!! Everything else is terrible.  The breakfast is very bad, quality of food not good. The tablecloth was very dirty cause its too crowded and they dont have time to clean properly the tables. You are simply eating at the same tablecloth with previous guests. was looking very dirty. In the room the pillow cases and limen were not changed daily. i wont stay in that hotel again ",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or845-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Charmless but good location, good value","A very large,  charmless hotel.The location is good: right by Russell square and close to the tube. The price was very good too: we paid 126 pounds for a twin room, including breakfast. Reception staff somewhat grumpy. The room was very large and the bathroom was quite nice. Other than that, not very pretty with dark carpet, old sofa and no view. Free wifi that worked well. Breakfast was OK if you like English breakfast, it was pretty complete with only the mushrooms missing. Apart from the English stuff, there wasn't a very large selection: only 2 kinds of bread and no cheese (which was maybe just as well since hotel cheese) often is pretty bad, a few different kinds of cereal/corn flakes. Some yoghurt would have been nice.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or845-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",reasonable price - value for a short stay,"Good for the price, unpretentious, clean small room with good wifi. Very convenient for Tube and Central London. Overall good - i would not want to stay there too long and probably not with the family, but for a few nights when you are mainly out its fine. Everything is kind of old-fashioned so may not be to everyone's taste. They do a free dinner your first night - suggest to go to the Bedford for that across the road. As mentioned the reception staff need some training but the concierge was excellent",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or850-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Function ,Attended an annual black tie affair  Surroundings and function room was great the hotel is actually not bad but didn't stay the night.  I think the hotel is quite ok for the price.  The food although generous was mediocre. However this may be what the organisers had paid for.  As a guest I wasn't impressed with the food. Staff were very friendly great attentive reception staff and hosting and bar staff.  ,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or850-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and great location,"My and my gf stayed 3 nights here with ambition to shop and visit christmas markeds. 8-10mins walk to Tottenham Court Road, start of Oxford Street.  20min walk down to the river themes and the southbank.  Closest tube Russel Square 2 mins away and Holborn 5-6min away for the central line.  Had a double room in the 2nd floor with windows out to the streets, heard the traffic quite well, but didnt pay much attention to it   The room and hotel in general was very clean, but had the impression that it could have done well with a refurbish.  The WiFi on this hotel was good. At least for normal surfing on the mobilphones.  For this price the hotel and location is great, so probably gonna stay again next time we go to london unless a super offer opens up on one of the bigger newer…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or850-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Group lunch,"I have dined here on a number of occasions with a largish party as the central location is convenient to our various members.   I have not stayed as a guest although some of my colleagues from out of London do stay there regularly which I suppose might be taken as a recommendation.  The catering for groups is very good and extremely good value for money with the hotel being right in Russell Square.  I am not involved in the organisation of these get-togethers but am very happy with the current arrangements as we get comfortable surroundings, enjoyable food and good service at a sensible price.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or850-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London Stay at the Imperial,"My Wife and I stayed at the Imperial from the 2nd of December till the 4th, we were visiting London to take in a show and do some Christmas shopping. Before deciding on the Imperial I read numerous reviews about the hotel and found some good and some not so good! I have to say that I found the hotel and staff good, the room was pretty large although the sofa was now a little worn and in need of updating. The cleanliness of the room was good, Tea, Coffee and Sugar along with soap and shower gel was provided, the hotel was happy to supply more if needed. Our room was on the fifth floor so noise was not an issue.  We had a complimentary three course meal provided on the first night and found it very enjoyable, the main course consisted of a choice of Carvery, Chicken wrapped in…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or850-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",recommended,"Plus: Good choice for a tourist city break. Good location, 25min walk to the Soho areas, 3min to the British museum. Buffet English breakfast, but no variations of food may be boring at a longer stay. Rooms in the 8th floor are new renovated and clean.      Minus: Windows not sound-proofed, so try to get a room in the upper floors.  ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or855-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ick,"Walked in and it was like a time warp. Everything was very dated. Reception was ok but not so friendly. Walked into my room and it was even worse - tatty towels, carpet, and sheets. Def wouldn't stay here again as I have stayed in cheaper hotels in London which were much nicer.   Breakfast was a plus but sifting through dirty plates which were in the clean pile was a put off and the waitstaff seemed very indifferent. I'm thankful I was there just one night. ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or855-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,In  general was happy with room and service in hotel.There was a long queue for breakfast on Saturday morning . Also the voucher e-mailed to me gave address of hotel as Bedford Way which was incorrect.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or855-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.....But!!!!!,"I stayed here with work,, The Hotel itself is ok but the rooms need more attention. On check in the lady at reception was really rude she needs customer service skills and a smile to her face, my room was ok apart from the bathroom the bath still had pubic hairs in it,,  The bar is ok very cheap drinks for london  i had 2x vodka & cokes for a total of £5.50.. Breakfast looked ok but i didnt taste.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or855-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central but quiet,"This was a theatre trip with my Mum and daughter.  Not very familiar with London, so sought advice from a travel agent.   The Imperial was perfect.  Bit unsure from the outside, a very 70's style building, with some upgrading needed.  But the rooms were great, clean and comfortable.  It is a big hotel, but once in your room you would have no idea, a very peaceful hotel. Breakfast was buffet style and busy.  Good selection of cooked food, fresh rolls and cereal.  Breakfast was the only meal we had, so can't comment on the restaurant. Concierge staff helpful and knowledgeable and booked our tickets for Madame Tussauds for us.  The hotel is about a 5 minute walk to Russell Square tube station.  So nice and central.  Would highly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or855-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",a fine short break in autumn,hotel is very good situated near the underground. a lot of restaurants and shops in the neighbourhood. the lady at the receptiondesk could not smile for one second and  totaly disinteressed. The room was clean and quiet with good beds. Good English breakfast as much as you can eat.               ,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or860-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",mediocre,"I stayed here for a night in November 2014. The hotel is centrally located and the common areas are well maintained and attractive. The room I had was a totally different story. It was very small, almost Japanese size and not well appointed. At least the window was openable for fresh air. Would not return.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or860-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Spent 6 nights here in late September.Hotel is nothing fancy and the same breakfast every day we eventually tired of,But the price,staff and location more than made up for these little problems. , We only had single beds but  we spent little time in the room as London had so much to offer.  We had a room over looking Russell Square where you could get good coffee. Pubs and restaurants were in abundance and the Russell Square train station 5 minutes away with buses going right past the door.  Hotel always seemed busy so appeared to be well known by locals and overseas travelers.  We are going back to London next year and will stay here again because of the location even though we could probably find a  better hotel.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or860-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for! ,"Disappointing second stay, would not go to again. Not cleaned our room and too late at night to notice until next day! Very hard for them to understand what we were saying. Breakfast was plentiful but cold, would stick to cereal but milk rN out each day. Waiters do their best. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or860-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Stayed here for 2 nights 4th & 5th November, was ok, but if given a choice wouldn't stay again. We were given an (Upgrade)!!  to a triple room, a bit shabby, but have stayed in worse places. As stated by others the towels are very thiin & the in room coffee is NOT to be recommended, but for a short stay it was ok.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or860-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay in centre of London ,"Nice hotel, staff obliging, clean good value very central at Russell square great first night offer of eat on them choice of 5 restaurants and £10 cheaper if booked online. £ 126 a night double room really good breakfast. Will allow left luggage so you can shop in London on last day and collect your bags before you leave. Good value well done.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or865-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the price,"Stayed here for four nights while in London with work, great location for access to Kings Cross and St Pancras.  Check-in was painless enough and I was given a room on the 2nd floor overlooking Russell Square, which sounded great however on closer inspection wasn't. During the night the traffic noise was horrendous so on the evening of my second day I asked if it would be possible to move to another room which staff were more than happy to help with, floor 7 looking into the centre of the hotel, peace at last :-).  Breakfasts were great, always well stocked with everything you'd really want, minus croissants.  Before I travelled I looked online to see if there was free wifi in this hotel and couldn't find much information so to save others searching Google and not finding…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or865-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An average hotel,"We booked this hotel through Thomas Cook for two nights, the price we paid for a hotel in London was great. We paid a little extra to ensure we didn't stay at the Royal National Hotel as I have heard very bad things on that hotel, so we decided on the Imperial Hotel instead. The hotel is situated about 5 minutes from Russell Square Tube Station which has trains direct to the busy and popular parts of London. It is around a 10/15 minute walk to Euston Station and Underground too. The hotel Reception was pleasant, however the room wasn't quite as nice.  Don't get me wrong... It was clean and tidy however very dated. The beds weren't comfortable and we paid for a double room and ended up with two single beds. We were on the main road and the windows could only have been single…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or865-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mistake!,According to our booking confirmation with Gala we booked 2 double rooms for single use. On arrival we were told we had only paid for single rooms and that's what we ended up with. The hotel tried to contact the English end of Gala but gave up after several failed attempts. Best to book direct with the Hotel!,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or865-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good and price efficient,Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms have enough space. Beds are a little bit too soft. Breakfast good and plenty. Metro close by.  I was surprised that they charged 50 Pence for baggage storage.  I will come again.                            ,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or865-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nosiy, rude and lethargic and that was just the staff","Stayed here for one night last week on business. Hotel is in great location for central London but that were it ends. Arrived and went to room and it was horrible, old, stale and dirty. Went to complain and they gave me a new one which had just been renovated, shame the corridors hadn't. Lift took an age to get to the 4th floor, not the main lift the one by the restaurant. View was great into other peoples room, not much else. TV was poor, but at least this room was clean. The bar service was appalling, waited around 15minutes for a waitress to come to the table...any attempt to go to the bar was greeted by ""it's waitress service"".The breakfast was hearty, but the staff were rude and unhelpful. I was meeting friends for breakfast and because I was seated on a table for 4 I was…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or870-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, basic accomodation","A good basic hotel for overnight accomodation in a good location in Central London. Food was decent and service overall excellent. The room itself was a single, and a decent size. The room was clean but basic, and the landings were very dated. The TV was rubbish, with sound massively distorted. Overall I thought it expensive for the quality, however to be expected in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or870-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Price/Quality ratio to be reviewed!,"We stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 3 nights. It was specified in the booking that we were a couple and we wanted a room on the higher floors because of some health conditions. We got the room on the seventh floor although the beds were two singles (we are a couple). We got the room changed with one on the first floor: noisy (the last day we even had an alarm clock at 7AM powered by the Royal Navy - hotel's guest for the remembrance parade - in the inner court) and 1970-looking.  The bathroom had no hairdrier and we had to sign a form + give a 20£ deposit in order to get a portable one. The corridors are narrow, there is no wi-fi and the breakfast for a hotel hosting 1000+ people is served in a room that can barely accommodate 400.  On the bright side I can say that the rooms…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or870-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well located but noisy,"Picked this hotel for a two night stay with my husband. I booked a double room and got a twin overlooking Russell Square which seemed lovely till we realised the window was only single glazed and didn't fit well so constant draft. One the brighter side the staff were friendly and very helpful, the room was clean if a little tired and breakfast was hearty. So my advice is if you stay here ask for a room at the rear of the hotel and you should get a better nights sleep than we got.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or870-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and Old fashioned,Stayed here the night before my wife and I Contiki trip. The hotel is fairly dated but decently clean. Our room was quite noisy though as we had to have the window open to the busy street. Our room consisted of two small twin beds. Not exactly what we were hoping for but it would do for one night. The shower was terrible. Really high pressure and got water all over the place. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or870-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ummm ok,On arrive found it hard to check in. Even though they had us on screen and everything was in order they still wanted a print off copy. The room was dirty and not the double we booked.  Finding a used condom wrapper was it for me. Great location. But that's it. ,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or875-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby but excellent location,"When I arrived at check in although the lady had my booking on the screen and printed on a sheet for me to sign she made a fuss about a voucher that was never emailed to me.  The room was spacious but on the grubby side of clean eg. A brown ring in the bath around the drain,a cigarette burn on the duvet cover and a huge hairball behind the bedside cabinet which I moved because I was given twin beds rather than the double that I booked. One of the windows didn't close properly so there was a draft and there is no thermostat,  so no way of regulating the temperature in the room. All of that said the location is amazing and the price excellent for the location. There are 3 separate bars which is nice. My overall stay was lovely but in future would prefer to spend a little more for…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or875-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"The imperial hotel is great value for money, ok it's not got all the luxury of a 5 star hotel but it isn't advertised as a 5 star hotel.  It is clean, comfortable, welcoming and great facilities.  We were a family of 5 in 2 rooms and there was more than enough space and facilities. I would recommend to anyone. Well located for attractions and shopping. Staff were lovely.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or875-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",post xmas stay,Chose this hotel as it was convenient to get to Covent Garden and the Royal Albert Hall for a two day break after Christmas.  The room was comfortable and clean.  There is a pub attached to the hotel so was able to eat reasonablly cheaply but make sure you inform the bar staff you are a resident as when I looked at my bills later on they had non resident on them so there may be a small discount if staying there.   Breakfast is English only so I saw  one poor veggie having a salad for breakfast.  The lounge bar was very comfortable and the staff were very pleasand and didn't keep hassling people if they wanted a drink.  Would go again,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or875-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A cheap place to stay,As I said a cheap clean hotel to stay in London in Russell Square. But I would recommend eating breakfast out as it is a bit on the cheap side. You get what you psy for go on the Friday or Saturday when the live Jazz is on cheap drinks in the bar not a bad hotel.,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or875-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",long weekend, Room good size.   Bath and shower.   Plenty of wardrobe and cupboard space.   Plenty of choice for breakfast and well organized.   Coffee and tea facilities in room poor.   Close to Euston railway station.          xxxxx                                          ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or880-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Base,"Hotel is situated in Russell Square and is a great base to see the sights. The hotel was clean, the staff helpful and the buffet breakfast was good - all you need. There are several good restaurants on Southampton Row, which is a 5 min walk from the hotel and are less busy.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or880-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Impersonal but fine.,This is a large hotel and quite impersonal but fine if you want a fairly central location. It links with the adjoining President Hotel and you can walk through from the inside of one to another. It's not far (a few minutes if walking) to the nearby tube station and easy to get to the main attractions from here.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or880-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but poor breakfast,"We stayed in London for a short break, and chose this hotel for its location and its breakfast. The hotel was quite nice, a little old-fashioned and a little ""tired"" in relation to the decor, but the room was a reasonable size, clean and perfectly adequate for a one night stay.  The location was also perfect. We always look forward to a full English breakfast when we stay in hotels, and had quite high expectations because of the hotel and also what it promised on its website. Oh dear what a severe disappointment! The breakfast was the poorest I have ever experienced; I've had a better breakfast at Butlins! My friend and I are veggie - all we could have was cheap beans on toast. There were no hash browns, mushrooms or fresh tomatoes. Everything was the cheapest quality and very…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or880-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not too bad,"The hotel staff was helpful, courteous and friendly. The room was simple and with the basic neccesities. The breakfast is English breakfast and there is no variety or much choice. The soft boiled eggs were hard boiled because kept continuously under a warmer. Otherwise, it is a good choice.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or880-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Although the staff were friendly and made you feel very welcome I cannot give this hotel any higher rating than three. The bed was so uncomfortable. I asked for another quilt to be put under the sheet so that my  second and last night would be more comfortable. The girl on reception was very nice and apologetic and arranged for a blanket to be placed under the bottom sheet. This served it purpose for one night. Mattresses need to be checked regularly and replaced where necessary, obviously this didn't happen. With regard to food, although this was good, the tables were far too close together, You couldn't have a relaxing breakfast without feeling obliged to chat to your 'adjoining' neighbour. Sometimes you just want to be quiet and enjoy your meal without interruption. I'm…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or885-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"The hotel itself is in a great location and the reception area is lovely. Some of the staff did not speak English very well which presented a few minor issues in communication but nothing major. The room was cosy and clean which is what you hope for. The only issues we had with the room was that the beds were on wheels and if you sat down or rolled over in bed, it rolled a bit haha. Also you use the toilet then have to come out and cross over (still in your own room) to the other room with the sink to wash your hands. Quite random. The wifi signal was pretty bad but then if the hotel is busy and everyone is using it, it obviously will be a lot slower. Got a free meal on our first night due to an offer with Superbreaks which was nice and saved us around £30.  Overall cosy and…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or885-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful weekend!!,"Well after a pleasant enough check in I went up to my single room which at a glance looked ok enough. Settling down for my first night the room was so hot and stuffy I opened both of my windows. My bed was so uncomfortable feeling springs digging in my back and the bed creaking every time I moved. After a sleepless night I had a shower which was red hot and I was unable to control the temp .. Breakfast was edible. That's about as far as I would go. My room card decided not to work on return to my room so went to reception and waited far too long for it to be sorted, I was down for the weekend for a course for work so didnt really have much time to wait at reception  before leaving. On my second night I ordered room service which I wasn't impressed with. Cold nachos and green…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or885-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible - avoid,"Noisy, uncomfortable and stuck in the 70s. Check in is polite but it goes down rapidly room there. I lie here now on a bunk bed listening to the noise of the road. It is terrible. The bar shuts early and the staff are grumpy. Avoid this place. ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or885-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice average hotel for a budget solo traveller ,"Nice clean hotel. Room and bathroom were clean but no ac or fan in room. Had the window open and it was quite nosy outside but since I am a sound sleeper, it didn't bother me as much. I did share it with a random person and we became great friends.   Between this hotel and the imperial national, this hotel had better WiFi access (in the room) especially if you've had a long day touring London and want to speak to family and friends in Bed. The staff are accommodating and helped me book some day tours.   Definitely nice place to stay.   ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or885-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, good value","Stayed at this hotel a few times. Average hotel, nothing special. Standard rooms are quite small, very dated furniture, small TVs, average clean. Bathrooms have very poor venting - even in the morning there are a lot of condensed water on the walls and floor after last evening shower... Rooms facing courtyard are quite oppressive, but those with the view to the Russell Square are a lot of better.  Staff at the reception is ok, but service personnel can come into your room really early - even before 9 am!  Breakfast is good and tasty, with large selection.  Extremely poor wifi signal at the evening. It looks like after 9 pm or so all routers switch to ""poor signal"" regime, even though everything worked fine before that time.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or890-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quick night stop while attending a conference,"Impressive entrance and a warm welcome by reception staff. Clear and concise information given when I asked about the local area.  Room itself was tired looking and could do with some modernisation. Bathroom separate to shower room to save space and dust found throughout the room.   Great views though out into the city, noise minimal considering location.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or890-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,We stayed one night. The hotel was better than expected. The room was clean and large. A double bed.  The mattress was a bit thin but comfortable. Breakfast was good and the restaurant was lovely and clean. Staff very attentive and professional. The downsides were we paid the bill with a different card than the one we guaranteed the room with and it took six days for the hold to be released which we were not happy with. The second thing was that the towels are old and very thin and three towels between two people is very poor service.  The room was also quiet and we had the window open all night.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or890-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I like this hotel but it would not be everyone's cup of tea,"The hotel is a bit like stepping back in time.  Although some bits are gradually being modernised, it is still dated in some ways. While there are some drawbacks, the location is excellent, the price reasonable, and the breakfast excellent.  The staff are friendly.  I would come again because I don't like paying London prices for small rooms in hotels.  I was upgraded and given a voucher for free dinner which was good. Internet connections good and transport links excellent.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or890-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but a bit noisy,"at walking distance from St. Pancras station, Oxford street and close to the tube at Russel Square. Ideal for a city trip. Rooms are nice, staff is friendly, breakfast is OK. We had a room facing the courtyard, thinking it could be quiter than the street side, but the presence of a casino can make it noisy. All by all, excellent location to explore London. All facilities present.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or890-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The average is perhaps a bit unfair but the place does need a boot up the backside,"Firstly, in terms of a London hotel in good spot with good access to the city centre and railway stations this place gets top marks. The prices are good for area and the standard of accomodation is of a good quality. Perfectly clean, housekeeping was good.  Reception staff at check in was excellent. I was given a choice of floor and a courtyard or street room choice. Regarding noise, if you need to open the windows then you will get noise. You are in the middle of a capital city for heavens sake. I was glad I chose a courtyard view. Not the prettiest ever but I did need to open the windows in October due to the rising heat from other floors. A background hum of noise is always there, and that goes for any major city.  Room was compact but I have had more compact and paid more in…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or895-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value,We stayed for one night over the weekend in a family room (117).  We had one very large room with another room interconnected with bunk beds in that also had its own bathroom.  Great value for money and we found the rooms comfortable and clean.  The tv is tiny but we were there to have fun in Brighton not watch tv.  We were generally the only people in the bar on the sat eve with our girls and were well looked after by the barman who was very friendly.  We would def use this hotel again as it was very good value for money.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or895-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",dont judge a bookk by its cover,"yes i have given this hotel 5 stars, it may not be a 5star hotel but it did exactly when it advertised to do, i spent 2 nights here with a friend over the weekend , staff were polite , the hotel was very clean and tidy, we were checked in quickly, and our room was ready it was clean and tidy looking with a good size bathroom which also was very clean, sheets were change on the 2nd morning while we were having breakfast so it was nice to get into a fresh bed after a busy day,  breakfast was very nice with a good range of food, staff came round reguler to fill cups up with tea, checking out was no bother we left our bags at the hotel while we sightseed  (there is a 50p charge...BARGIN) i would have not problems recommending this hotel to others.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or895-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",average with lousy internet,"this hotel is average in every way. this didn't surprise me, as i had researched the hotel before and wasn't expecting any sort of luxury. the problem was the internet: both the wifi and the ethernet were extremely slow. i was there for six days and it was very consistent throughout my stay and throughout each day. it wasn't my room location, because it was the same thing in the lobby.  without internet to distract me, i had plenty of time to notice all the failings: the room was small and mine had two twins beds instead of a queen. setting the right temperature for the shower was a 10-minute affair. the humidity was very high -- a towel wouldn't be dry by the time i came back late at night. the tv was very small, had a terrible connection and only offered three or four non-news…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or895-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Long past its sell-buy date,"I stayed there from October 7th-10th 2014. The location is not bad but my room was on the front overlooking Russell Square and there was a lot of street noise. The hotel is past its best; it has not seen a lick of paint or new wall paper for a long time. The room hasn't been cleaned above head height for a long time either. On the last night I discovered that what I thought was two dirty marks was in fact two dead spiders. The Wi-Fi was either slow or non-existent. The bars closed at 11.00!! (apart from a small bar, which is on the street and is full when it has about 20 people in). I asked for decaf coffee to be provided for my room only to be told that they didn't think they had any, even when I told them I was served it at breakfast they still weren't sure. After asking for…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or895-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial Hotel , Russell Square , London  - good area!","We stayed 4 nights at this hotel and had chosen it for the location. We arrived from Heathrow airport by the Piccadilly line. Takes about 45 minute ride, to Russell square stop.  The hotel is about a 3 - 5 minute walk from Russell square stop - very convenient with our luggage. The hotel offers breakfast and there are souvenir shops near by. There is no air conditioning but the windows open. We stayed on the 8th floor , noisy side but they ask which side is preferred. I knew this because I wanted a view of the street. Also within walking distance to the British Museum.   Would stay there again or the President Hotel which is connected. Very good service at the front desk.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or900-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"2nd visit here as we find the location of the hotel in Bloomsbury very good. 15 minutes walk from Kings Cross, Covent Garden, 20 from Oxford Street, 5 minutes from British Museum,with Russell Square tube and many buses outside. Our room was spacious but as we were overlooking the main road there was traffic noise, which could be problem for some. The bathroom was fine, towels are thin but along with the bed linen were changed everyday. Breakfast was ok with cereals, usual bacon, eggs etc, juice, fruit, unlimited tea & coffee. The staff were polite and helpful.  There is a pleasant bar area with a pianist, and also a separate bar serving food at reasonable prices (didn't eat there so can't comment on food). There are many pubs and restaurants nearby offering good choice of food,…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or900-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Go elsewhere!,"Where do I begin? We booked this hotel for the location (15-20 min walk to theatre and tourist attractions). We get in at midnight and they check us into a small disabled bedroom that is not a room we paid for, so we complain the next day and get put in a normal room. If we hadn't complained, they would have just left us in there. Once in here we realise that we won't get any sleep for the next couple of days as if you are on the street side, the cars, people and bikes go all day and night. Then to talk about the hard bed, the pillows that smell like feet and the the towels that are like paper towel... The only ok thing about this hotel is that the breakfast is alright. We are spending our last day in a hotel out from the centre, but on the tube line and it is so much better!",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or900-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial hotel,Location is ideal  Covent Garden and Shaftesbury Ave all within walking distance. Hotel is fine but do not expect plush.  I have more an issue with the bar. Arriving back st 10.45pm we were informed that the bar was closed this was after we had stood at the bar for 5 mins and were told it was waitress service only. We sat down summoned the waitress only to be told it was closed.  The reason - there was only 3 of them on duty and basically they couldn't cope not that it seemed particularly busy. Maybe the hotel should consider employing more staff!!,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or900-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Stayed here with a contiki tour (so I didnt choose the hotel). Location is good, close to Tube stations. Staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms were large in size and had a large spacious bathroom. No air-con in the room we stayed in and opening the windows didnt help at all. Wi-Fi was complimentary but didn't connect that well. Probably wouldnt stay here if I had the choice.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or900-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break.,"My daughter booked a weekend theatre break as a gift for my 50th birthday. It's a lovely hotel, location is perfect , we found it really easily after arriving at Kings Cross. We were allowed to check in early (12 noon) and asked if we prefer a room with a view of the square or a quieter room at the back, we chose the quiet option. Had cocktails in the bar after a long day sightseeing and we were entertained by two lovely guys, one on piano and one on the double bass, really nice chilled time.  Slept really well, breakfast was lovely,if a little intimate!!! Tables placed really close together!! Would definitely return as was so easy to find all our destinations.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or905-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing stay,"Disappointed with my stay in this hotel. Was sold to me as 4 star, in my opinion definitely not. No double room available, despite me emailing twice to request and being told twice to ask at check in. Room quite tired looking, dirty wallpaper. Did not sleep for 3 hours on second night of stay due to many people stood outside entrance all waiting for taxis! Very noisy. House keeping wanted to get in to room at 9am on our day of check out-despite check out not being till 11am. Felt rushed and left earlier than needed to. Complimentary evening meal had to be taken in another nearby hotel, we weren't told this when we booked. Breakfast was ok... Lukewarm. Stayed for my birthday, anniversary weekend, wouldn't stay here again. On a positive note the location of  this hotel was perfect…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or905-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel Good Location,"I stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights in September. It's super easy to get to, right around the corner from the Russell Square tube stop. The staff at the front desk were all friendly and helpful and answered any questions I had. Our room was fair sized, clean and the beds were comfy. Our toilet area had a bit of a funky smell to it, but it didn't affect the entire room, and how much time do you really spend in the toilet anyway? (Shower and sink are in a separate room). The wifi worked in the rooms, during certain times in the day it did get a little slow. The breakfast was a good buffet breakfast with a lot of options. I would for sure stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or905-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. good hotel.,"We stayed for six nights at this hotel. It was very pleasant and perfectly situated, directly in the center of London near Russell Square and the Bloomsbury gardens. A few minutes walk from Underground station Staff is really friendly and helpful. Breakfast  buffet   with plenty of choice and reasonable quality. Internet connection was good and the room was furnished with a flat-screen TV. The bed was comfy and the bathroom very much so as well. We could check-in immediately despite arriving earlier than the hotel check-in time.  Noisy at night due to generator noise and fountain. I would highly recommend this hotel to stay while in London.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or905-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Contiki tour,We stay here 3 nights. The hotel is old and out dated. But very clean. The staff is nice and friendly. The beds are twin size and not very comfy. Our room faced the street and it was very loud. It was hard to get a good nights sleep. The breakfast was not very good. ,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or905-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever / Peor experiencia en un hotel,The main problem is the price. They charge you as if it were a 4 star hotels when I wouldn't give it one. Mattresses are old. Carpets dirty. Towels are like papers and breakfast is very poor. The only good thing is its location. The pictures from their internet web page are totally deceiving.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or910-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,Great location near Covent garden . Staff are really friendly and treat their guests as priority I noticed. Breakfast had plenty to choose from and the bar prices are really good too considering most hotels no ally charge more. If your thinking of staying at this hotel don't take notice of the outside as it's very dated but inside is what counts and I would highly recommend this hotel to stay while in London. ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or910-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value. Great Location,"We selected this hotel for an overnight stay when visiting London to see a show. We only planned to sleep there so were happy to select a budget hotel (paying a little under £130 for a dble room b&b). The Imperial exceeded our expectations on every level. Upon entering the hotel the staff were professional and helpful. There had been a mix up in our booking (problem with the agent not the hotel) and the woman behind the desk immediately sort to rectify this. It was soon resolved and were were upgraded to an executive room for our trouble. We dropped our bags in the room which was a little basic, but clean, pleasantly furnished  and spacious, with a more than adequate bathroom which had 2 sinks and a shower we later discovered with enough water pressure to remove several layers…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or910-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job,"I booked 2 nights at the Imperial to attend a conference across the street at the Russell.  As a teacher we do no have big budgets and it was cheaper to stay in the Imperial.  There is nothing fancy about the Imperial, rooms are shabby, but clean, and the mattress was decent.  Although some complained about internet I did not have any problems in the room.  The main selling point for this hotel is the location but if you shop around maybe you can get better deals depending on the time of the year, it is London after all!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or910-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice for theatre break,"Very close to tube station and short tube journey to theatres and mainline stations. rooms very small but adequate for short stay. Clean except for dust on overbed lights. No handwash basin in loo, toilet and bathroom separate. Unable to direct jet of shower above bath so not very good. Bit stingy with tea and coffee in room - only enough for one cup. Noisy at night due to generator noise and fountain. Breakfast  buffet with plenty of choice and reasonable quality",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or910-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy but great location,"Older,  large hotel right near the ""intellectual"" centre of London very near to the museums and universities of London and overlooking Russell Square and the Bloomsbury gardens.  The location near the very large hospitals and St Pancras international means there is constant road noise 24x7 (and ambulance alarms) which can only be suppressed by closing room windows.  Unfortunately rooms aren't air conditioned which means they get hot and stuffy. Knowing this I asked for the top floor but still couldn't escape the noise. Breakfast is included in daily room rates and it is plenty and hearty enough. The trouser press in the room is appreciated and there is a cheap laundry service a couple of streets away.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or915-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and clean and at the center of things,"I stayed for three nights at this hotel. I must say it was very pleasant and perfectly situated, directly in the center of London. The rooms were small, but very compact and nicely furnished. Staff was very helpful and everything was provided for. Internet connection was excellent and the rooms were also furnished with a flat-screen TV. The bed was comfy and the bathroom very much so as well. It could have been nice to have a bigger closet, however as I was only staying for 3 nights, it was ok for me. I left the luggage in the luggage room for a day and collected it later for a small charge. This was highly convenient as it made my trip much easier. The hotel also called for a taxi service on request.  Breakfast was an English buffet and it was very good and fresh too.  Thank…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or915-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",More than enough for the price. Between average and good.,"Arrived mid morning and found plenty of spaces in the underground car park which is excellent value at £18 per day.  I could check-in immediately despite arriving earlier than the advertised check-in time. Reception staff were friendly and informative.(young blond northern girl)  Had a free meal when booking through superbreak which you could take at one of several restaurants. I chose the Poppadom Express at the Royal National Hotel. Excellent Naan made in the open plan kitchen. Everything else was just ok and to be honest the place lacked atmosphere. The staff were great but it just didn't feel like an Indian restaurant.  The bedroom was basic but clean. Basic toiletries, hair dyer, trouser press, tv worked fine, towels thin but well laundered.  Sleep quality wasn't great. My…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or915-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quite okay,"The location of the hotel is very good, 2 minutes walk from Underground station. The food is not that nice, little choice of average food. Rooms are small but okay. Quite noisy.  Plus is the friendly staff.        ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or915-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another satisfying time,You get what you pay for at this hotel although booking on line for two nights we got a free three course meal for two on the first night which was superb plus we were room upgraded. For what you pay at this hotel it is excellent value for money well worth another visit when in London.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or915-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and close to the central city,Imperial London hotels is the company with 7 hotels in city center. All hotels have walking distance to Oxford street. Hotel is clean and nice. Food every day fresh and tasty. Rooms are clean daily.  Personnel very friendly and nice.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or920-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Are we all talking about the same hotel?,"I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this tired hotel in London - great location, which is about the only good thing - though Holborn Tube is quite a stroll.  Plenty of cafes/restaurants around.  I had a single room, which was so basic and small I was stunned - no toiletries, hair dryer etc.  Nothing to recommend it to anyone.  The buffet breakfast was awful.  I would not recommend including it in your stay, as there are plenty of places close by.  Tried room service -  non existent - they have a menu and number - but no service.  The Front Office Manager berated staff in front of guests.  I was shocked.  I only stayed here as it was close to the Eurostar Station - in the end had to catch a taxi anyway.   Stayed in another hotel when I got back to London, in Kensington…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or920-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel - would stay again,"Firstly, ignore the negative reviews about this hotel.  We booked through a travel agents with the train included and when I checked the reviews I was very wary about what to expect.  We arrived at 12 and our room was already available to check in which was great.  We had a double and a triple room both of which were clean and a great size for a weekend stay.  They included everything we needed and we were really surprised at how great and clean they were given previous reviews.  The hotel itself was brilliant offering many restaurants and bars all at great prices and the staff were helpful.  The only downside would be that there is no aircon and the rooms can get quite warm and there is some noise from outside with the windows open, but this is London - surely some noise is to…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or920-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would definitely stay here again,"We were a little worried at some of the reviews but can honestly say we had nothing to worry about. This hotel is in a great location, our room was ready for checkin at 12 noon when we arrived, the reception staff were pleasant, efficient and helpful and the room was exactly what we requested and was clean and airy. The breakfast was hot and plentiful and the staff again pleasant and helpful. We have no complaints at all and will definitely return. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or920-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel,"Directions to find the place from the metro station was a little hard. The rooms were really nice and it was great to have a single room to myself. Wifi was ok, but some days was a bit flakey. It is a good place to be close to transport to get around in the London city, especially if you are on a Contiki Tour",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or920-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, excellent service, good food and clean room .","We were worried about typing there after reading some of the reviews , but we couldn't fault it . I asked in advance for a room on a low floor as I can't use lifts  being claustrophobic.  The responded by saying they couldn't guarantee this but would try to accommodate the request. On arrival , receprtionist checks name on computer and then says... We've got you request and have accommodated it . She was very pleasant throughout the check in, asked if we needed help with the cases as we wouldn't be using the lift . Yes the rooms are small but so are most hotels in Central London and I agree that the toilet being separate to the bathroom is not ideal, and the towels are a bit thin ......but it was really clean , shower curtain changed every other day, . Breakfast .. I couldn't…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or925-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good overnight stay!,Having booked overnight accommodation through tour operator as early check in for Eurostar! Then I read reviews and wondered what I was facing! Check in was not a good omen! The guy who checked me in did not even greet me and only spoke monosybocally or grunted!! Oh great thinks I! Room 603 faces back for single good size with move to room walk round without banging into furniture! Tiny wardrobe but adequate for single traveller! Bathroom spotless but towels whilst clean a tad grey! However I am 5'6' and shower is over bath and I found it v difficult to get in and also feel safe as no grab rail (there is hand rail on bath). Bed very comfortable! As room on back v quiet except for emergency vehicles from time to time! I got a very good deal so delighted with my stay - not sure I…,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or925-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break,"Chosen as part of a theatre break and separately a reunion at a restaurant close to St Paul's.  To the one positive, an excellent location for both West End and the St Paul's area as with the excellent weather, allowed walking and enjoying the London sites at first hand without once need of the tube.  However the good stops there. Certainly a lot better on the budget for London but you do have some expectations for a 3star hotel. Hotel room clean but in urgent need of re decoration, a comment from other guests, the towels provided were so thin and worn we had to ask for extra and they smelt as if they were burnt! The beds were poor and not good for the back.  Do not get a room facing Russell square as the rooms have no air con and as it was warm, with open windows and a very…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or925-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",First visit to London,"We are, my wife and I, from Barcelona, Spain. After much searching Hotel in London on the Web, and reading very much critical price and small rooms in hotels of London, the Imperial Hotel we had this hotel well quality price. We booking a double room, and the bed was big and the room comfortable, with WiFi perfect, TV, toilet inside. The windows were in the courtyard, where there was the air conditioners machines. The noise wasn't too annoying with the windows closed, we were stayed in the fifth floor. The receptionist and staff were correct, one of they was Spanish and spoke spanish. We need a converter device for adaptor of our mobile charger, they let you one for five pounds deposit, when you leave they return the deposit. The hotel have a pub for lunch and dinner, but the…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or925-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value,"Stayed for a 2 night break in an excutive room, which was very clean and plenty of room. Beds could do with a n upgrade however still clean and comfy. The evening meal was a 3 course calvery very tastey hot and excellent staff. Plenty of seating areas , wifi and friendly staff and very helpfull. Breakfast was cold and we did make the staff aware and they were very apologetic, however still cold on second day.certianly will re visit as ideal location, clean and friendly and lots of facilties",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or925-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central London Hotel,"Great central London hotel. Great location for West end etc. Good value. part of a group of hotels in the same area, all run along the same lines. If you can't get into the Imperial any of the others in the group are OK. Beford, President etc.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or930-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good and bad,"Good location for British Museum (7 mins walk), Oxford St (10 mins), Covent Garden (15 mins) underground (5 mins). Friendly, and helpful staff.  On the negative side the beds are rock solid, the breakfast sub standard and the multiple Aircon units in the courtyard will keep you awake even with the windows closed.  I wouldn't stay there again given the above but the area is central enough so look for alternatives. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or930-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central Location,"Stayed for two nights, rooms big, beds low but comfortable and you do get a good nights sleep.  Sitting down on them is problematic as they on wheels and they move taking you with it.  The toilet facilities albeit nice are separate from the shower room, which is fine but there is no water/sink in the toilet so once you have been to the loo you have to open two doors before you can wash your hands and this is not ideal or clean - there is sufficient room in the loo for a sink so it is a shame.  All other aspects of the room are fine, hairdryer by the dressing table, lights switches and television all turned off by the bed.  Shampoo etc all supplied and topped up same with teas and coffees.  Surprisingly also was the total change of bed linen and towels as we were only there for…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or930-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Stayed at the Imperial hotel russell square for 3x nights and the hotel is in a very good location for tube stations and Euston train station. The reception is very nice and the staff very very helpful,our room was average and the beds were not the best, the breakfast buffet was ok as well. The pub that is part of the hotel was very busy and a good atmosphere. Overall for the price we paid for the weekend was not to bad.  One disappointment was someone had placed a couple of plates/cups to the side of our bedroom door and they were there for a couple of days before they were collected.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or930-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Not fantastic, but OK for the money + convenient location","I stayed for 3 nights in this hotel. It was sold as part of Luxairtours holiday package and allowed good saving (later I checked that prices were also good if you book directly on the hotel webpage - GBP 88 per night for single room).   Loved the location - within walking distance from the British Museum, Soho, West End, Baker Street etc etc. Underground station (Russel Square) 2 min walk from the hotel.   A bit old style and would benefit from renovation, but nothing to be afraid of (like I was after reading the reviews). My room had no air conditioning and was overlooking internal yard with noise from the kitchen - could be an issue for someone who is very sensitive to the quality of the air and background noise, but not for me as I came back late and dying for a sleep, and…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or930-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"I stayed at this hotel recently and found it lacking in many aspects.  Not a hair dryer in the room, and everything at a bare minimum.  No toiletries apart from little sample soaps. Towels were small and thin.  Blankets on bed, I prefer duvets.  Just seemed old and tired.  Breakfast was awful, it felt like being back at school.  Stopped at restaurant door in a queue and then admitted into the restaurant to join queue for food, not allowed to find table first. Had to select food and then try to find a table.  If you did manage to find a table it hadn't been cleared so had to wait for that. Choices were basic. cereal, 2 types of tinned fruit. toast, not even a yoghurt. Or a cooked breakfast with very cheap ingredients.  We had a little wait before checking out and there wasn't…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or935-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good, clean budget hotel","Very efficient check in; room very clean - bathroom has recently been updated, it was very clean, towels, toiletries available. Breakfast was basic but enjoyable, pleasant surroundings, friendly staff, efficient service once again. Hotel is literally round the corner from the tube station, central line, and only a short walk from Kings Cross.  Would definitely stay again if I went to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or935-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not too Bad,"We stayed here a couple years ago. The hotel was clean, the front desk clerks were nice and helped answer our questions. The walls were a little thin so we could hear everything the people next to us said.  It was in a good location. It felt safe at night. All, in all, not too bad. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or935-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice for a budget break,"This hotel is a budget choice, although it covers everything you need and very central. The check in was easy and the staff were friendly, the bed was comfy and the bathroom was spotless. Also handy to have onsite was a hair dresser (that can also be accessed from the street) and a bar/restaurant. The hotel itself was also easy to find, turn left out of the tube station (Russell Square) up to the corner, turn left again and walk in a straight line until you see the sign. You can also walk pretty much in a straight line and in 10 minutes you are at the Aldwych theatre. There are also some fantastic restaurants on this street. The only small disappointment to the hotel was the breakfast, on the whole it was good but would be a massive improvement if they had decent sausages! Would…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or935-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",need nothing more,"The hotel is in Russell Square and is handy for the tube only 5 minutes away. There is plenty of choice for places to eat within the hotel and the food is tasty and good value. The rooms are clean and comfortable enough, but basic. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. An all round decent hotel for the money   ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or935-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location dated hotel,We went for a theatre break to see wicked the hotel was well placed and the staff were helpful when asked would probably try a different hotel on our next visit they have a perfectly adequate restaurant for breakfast but send you out to their sister hotels for your free dinner ,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or940-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,Stayed here twice while doing a contiki tour it meets your basic needs and price wise is ok close to major attractions stayed here in July 2012. Super close to the great British museum and convent garden,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or940-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay here again,"The hotel in situated in quiet part of London.An easy taxi ride from Euston and short walk from the Underground. The reception staff were very friendly and our room 211 was quite pleasant overlooking a garden.The free WiFi in the room was patchy and annoyingly had to be re booted every eight hours with a pass code from reception. The room itself was very clean and had a comfortable double bed, the bathroom was was adequate and the water very hot with plenty of towels and soaps. Tea and coffee were also supplied We had a meal included in the deal and it was very good and the overall prices in the restaurant were very reasonable. The full english breakfast was a little disappointing, with no fresh fruit or yoghurts and the sausages were swimming in fat. However the selection was…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or940-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Break,"Just stayed for a weekend break. Central location, we had about a 15min walk to the theatre area. Rooms clean and but a bit on the warm side with no air con. Good breakfast, overall value for money hotel",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or940-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Close to tube with direct line from Heathrow Airport","Stayed at this hotel for the second time.  Had a minor problem at check-in regarding the room type, but this was professionally sorted out by the staff there at. Thanks.   Clean hotel, and rooms, tea and coffee facility in the room, nice position, and within walking distance to Covent Garden, Oxford street, etc.  Would not mind staying there once again if i return to London.  Thanks to all the staff who do their best to ensure you have a great stay.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or940-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient London Hotel,"We have stayed at this hotel many times over the last 2 years as we need to go to a hospital on Great Ormond Street.. It is in a good location for Euston Station, within easy walking distance, and handy for public transport. The rooms at the front overlook Russell Square but can be a bit noisy  -  it is a main road in a city. The big downside this time was that the food quality has deteriorated since our last visit, and although the breakfast is included and plentiful it is not a bargain. The dinner we had was poor value.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or945-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value and a good location.,I have just returned from a three night stay Aug 8th-Aug 11th.The rooms are a little basic but clean and comfortable.The staff are friendly and the location and price superb.The breakfast was plentiful and the dining room staff attentive.I will book again at this hotel on my next trip to London.,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or945-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, good location","Good is the key word, not really exceptional, or memorable. I stayed here at the beginning of august 2014, I had a single room, witch of course meant that the room was pretty small, this is to be expected of course.I guess my singular complain is that there was no air conditioning in my room, and opening the window didn't help much, not to mention the fact that opening the window is a bad idea because of the noise. The view from my room wasn't exceptional, but it wasn't bad either. That being said, the room was clean, so where the halls. The breakfast was pretty good and plentiful. A word to the wise: do not drink the coffee at breakfast, it is horrible. You can get excellent coffee at pretty much any establishment around the hotel if you take a 2 minute walk. The staff where…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or945-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great room. Poor service. ","Great, convenient location walking distance to covent garden. Lovely clean,  spacious room. Service however was very poor, from a 20 minute wait to check in (we were not even acknowledged during this time) the failure to tell us where we should go for our inclusive breakfast all the way through to our check out where only by chance, a porter mentioned we could leave our bags for the day. This service should have been made known to us from check in. I would revisit but would hope service has improved. ",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or945-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice stay at Imperial Hotel, Russell Square, London","Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights starting 4th August in room 618 overlooking Russell Square.  The room was a reasonable size with twin beds, plenty of storage space, bathroom with bath and shower and, unusually, a separate toilet.  Very clean modern style décor, not new, but nicely kept. As in most central London hotel there was traffic noise, but it was bearable.  I enjoyed the view from the window overlooking the Square and watching the antics of the cyclists avoiding stopping at the lights by using the pavement etc. even weaving around pedestrians.  The towels were a bit scratchy but everything was very clean.  The stay was part of a deal through Thomas Cook in Washington. together with rail travel.  Also included was one evening meal, which turned out to be with full…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or945-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel with excellent service,"Just had a 3 night stay at this hotel in Russell Square, London.  It is well recommended..  The staff are very friendly and give excellent service.  The rooms are basic but very clean.  Breakfast is self service style as in most hotels these days.  Russell Square is very convenient for the west end and other parts of London.  We used the bus service as we have passes being ""oldies"" and it was perfect to get around this way.  However the underground is nearby.  The west end is within walking distance however.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or950-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great for the price paid,This hotel is nice...for a London hotel. The reception is lovely but the room was disappointing compared. I got a decent price which helped. The rooms are quite basic (with limited plug sockets for some reason) but nice and clean. Excellent location. Right on top on tube station and walking distance to some great London sights. No air con tho and no fans available from reception and given the heatwave it was quite uncomfortable. Might be something for the hotel to invest in! It was a nice hotel compared to some of the horrors you can end up in London. Would def stay here again,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or950-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location/price,"For the location and price I can't really fault it, plus the staff are really accommodating, man at reception even charged my Iphone for me, as I didn't have charger with me. I stayed two nights so got a free meal, choice to eat in a few of their Hotels, they have 5 all within 1 mile or so of Euston. Meal not brilliant, but came with room price so def not complaining. I'm really sorry I didn't find this chain years ago as I've been paying through nose for substandard Hotels when there's been the Imperial Chain sitting there all along. A great find and I'll always check out their vacancies at Bedford, Imperial, President & Tavistock whenever I'm in central London. First rate for value and class (Hotel standards & staff) x I'll no doubt be seeing you soon",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or950-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Price for London,"Just stayed for bed and breakfast .Looks a bit tatty outside so we where surprised that the inside reception area wasnt to bad.Friendlyish Receptionist and room was quite nice.Went to breakfast in the morning which was a buffet  and was very good .When we checked out we left our cases there which was brilliant idea to save lugging them around while we had a few hours sightseeing. Overall  it was close to a few places nearby , walking distance to The British Museum and British  Library.Went back for our cases and then to nearby Eusten Station.Brill!!! Would stay again.Recommended",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or950-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Stop-over in London,This hotel is fine to stay in for a short stay. The location is in the center of London and right near the underground station. This makes the location very convenient when visiting London with limited time.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or950-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An perfectly adequate hotel,"The outer appearance of this hotel may be unpleasant, however the good location in Russell Square provides easy access to central London and is positioned within close proximity of the stops for several of the tour bus routes.   We arrived late in the evening and all the staff were very pleasant and helpful and were even able to help us organise a bus tour and musical tickets for the following day. They also provided us with the free wifi code, which can be used in rooms.   The rooms themselves are a tad dated, but are quite large in size and there is plenty of storage. However I did find a few inconveniences and issues with the room. The bathroom is split with the toilet in a separate room from the shower and sink, which was okay for us, but possibly not for everyone. In…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or955-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation and Food,"Nice hotel close to all ammenities comfortable friendly and if you book online you'll find some really good offers we got the Thames River Cruise which was really interesting some had the 3 course carvery which was very good and well worth the money, would stay again if in the area staff were reallyfriendly too.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or955-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!,"Stayed here with the family to sightsee in london. The hotel is in a great location and is a 5-10 mins walk to Euston train station! Unfortunatly on our first day we was ripped off by a taxi from the station to the hotel of £10! The showers need updating as you couldnt stand up and use them in my room! Other than that, my room wss great! The breakfast was nice with a good choice! The hotel is round the corner from the British Museum which is worth a visit!  I loved my stay at the Imperial Hotel and would stay here again! ",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or955-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",adequate but room too hot,"service from the staff was good. The room was clean,small but adequate for us. Hotel location was in central London but extremely noisy all through the night. worst of all...no airconditioning!!  unforgiveable.       ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or955-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Have been to this hotel on a number of occasions. We always ask for a room overlooking the fountain and courtyard and have never suffered excess noise. The rooms we have had were spacious and clean and the breakfast although not loads of choice was always adequate. The hotel is in a nice area within easy reach of buses and tube station, also not far from Kings Cross. Plenty of pubs and nice restaurants in the area.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or955-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Predictably and consistently middle-of-the-road,"Imperial Hotel in London doesn't pretend to be more or other than what it is; a three star London hotel for people who value location higher than fancy features and deignerly whims. Except from the lobby, which indeed sends other signals than the rest of the hotel with its old-fashioned and luxurious air of chesterfield, velvet and brass, the hotel is as plain as it can get. The rooms are OK - no more, no less - the bathrooms plain, the staff neither friendly nor hostile - just correct, the breakfast more impressive in terms of staff and number of eggs consumed that in terms of quality of the day's first meal ( where do they find bread and preserve of such disastrous quality ? ); all in all - plain and predictably three star. Only the location is good, and if you can live with…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or960-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good base for London Stay,"We stayed here for the night as a base for a weekend stay in London.  Hotel is large and a bit dated in presentation.  However, it is clean and well presented, with helpful and friendly staff. The breakfast is fine, full English if you want it, and the hotel facilities are ok.  Nice to sit out on the balcony in the Day and Night Bar of the hotel.  Room was a bit noisy at night but still got a good nights sleep. Very well located and affords easy access to all centre attractions within London, and of course a 5 minute walk from the British Museum. Great stay and will be going back for another weekend.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or960-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"Easy to find & ideal for visiting all the sights. Not much to look at outside, in fact its quite an ugly building. The room had all we needed & was clean. Reception staff were difficult to deal with as English was not their first language & it took an age to book in! The dining room is not big enough & we had to que for a table for breakfast. The breakfast was OK & was a buffet, though the toast was like rubber. Trying to catch a waiters eye to get tea & coffee was difficult as staff too busy talking to each other. Also all the furniture in dining room was in desperate need of a thorough clean! There are better hotels in London at better prices in better locations!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or960-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy,"This hotel wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either. All the rooms that face the street are very noisy even with the windows closed. The location of the hotel is good thou, it is close to a tube station and within walking distance of a number of attractions.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or960-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good - crap coffee and breakfast,"Stayed for a night when on a quick 2 day trip to London. Hotel is less that 10 mins walk from Euston Station and right on the corner of Russell Square which is very handy.  Hotel was a bit dated but otherwise clean and the staff very helpful. The room was fine. It was clean, bright and had a decent en-suite with a loo, bath and shower and had small complementary shampoo/soap. The room was on the 8th floor and looked onto the central water feature (very 1970's/kitch). It didn't have any air conditioning which would have been nice as it was 23 oC outside,  but we left the windows open (NB. very, very open - parents beware!) Dispite this I was not disturbed by any traffic noise and did not wake once - I am a Highlander and am used to complete silence/darkness at night and wake at…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or960-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job... Not very clean!,"We just got back from a stay at the Imperial Hotel, On arrival we where sure this was not the hotel we had booked as the front of the hotel looking onto Russel Square had a lot to be desired. The Curtains had stains and where stained yellow. (These need to be replaced) On first glances its not somewhere you would want to stay. Upon entering the hotel the reception area was fantastic, Clean and tidy and the lady at the check in desk was very helpful. We where told that we had been upgraded so this was a perk. We went to our room and on first glances the room was pretty basic, but looked clean. However we found a brown hair in one bed, Black fluff ball in the other and make up smeared on the floor in the bathroom and a stain in the toilet.... Think housekeeping need to keep an eye…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or965-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!!!,"We did not get what we ordered!! We paid for Double bed And we got twin bed. ""You did not ordered from us"" the hotel Management told us. We have no obligation to you. The stuff were not nice and not welcoming. Small room, old, poor cleans              ",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or965-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Although the location of this hotel is good, the hotel lost my reservation which resulted in me receiving a lot of abuse from the desk person who failed to see how any of this was his concern. I have never know anyone to start shouting at guests when all the guest has done is ask for some help. To make matters worse Once they had found somewhere to put me I was then faced with dragging my luggage through London to the event that I was going to the next day as nothing could be left at the hotel. It also has to be said that the room given after much stress that night was filthy and badly in need of some attention from a mop and a new coat of paint to hide the smear marks of filth on the walls. The carpet was even worse and there was evidence of blood stains in the bathroom. In…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or965-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Value,"My cousins and I found this hotel to be perfect for us. The location was great and within walking distance of restaurants, pubs and the British museum. It was affordable and because it was within our price range and the location was great we didn't mind some of the outdated furniture and such. Breakfast included is always a plus. In London it's so easy to get to the airport on the tube and this hotel is right near a station.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or965-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel London,"Not a bad hotel. Staff are good and very helpful. Room is clean and comfortable. Food is reasonable. That's about it - no real stand-out qualities that make the hotel a cut above anything else. I suppose the location is ideal for the British Museum, or even a short walk down to the west end. If you can get a cheap deal (e.g. Superbreak etc) then all the better. In summary, no real complaints (perhaps the windows could do with better noise isolation) but then again no real wow-factor either (view overlooking Russell Square is nice though)",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or965-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good enough,"Pleasant hotel close to Euston Station, and easy to get to the attractions and theatres if you don't mind catching a couple of buses which are easy enough once you get used to it. You can walk if your young enough. The breakfast was a good selection of English breakfast goodies",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or970-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",SHABBY .....,"It is so sad that this great hotel with a such a good location , close to the British museum is so worn out and really being so dirty and shabby. Just by sitting in the entrance I ripped my dress on a worn out wooden chair. Our bathroom was dirty and STINKY.Our windows and doors were so filthy that we couldn't look out and it made us very uncomfortable to touch the door. We were so happy that we brought our own sheets and left the hotel the next day.This hotel needs renovation and for sure some refurnishing....the rooms scream: the 70s want their furniture back"". All in all I cant recommend this hotel.Only plus point...the staff was really friendly.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or970-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, but does the job.","My girlfriend (a wheelchair user) and I spent 3 nights here after finishing a cruise. We chose the hotel because it  was affordable and had a good location - ideal for the British Museum, and fairly close to the centre of London, with good bus links.  We weren't expecting much for what we paid, but the hotel does have a very tired 70s look about it. The room was pretty small, but clean enough. The shower had only one pressure setting - full on! We had an accessible room, but it probably wouldn't suit all wheelchair users as it's pretty small - my girlfriend can get out of her wheelchair so has limited mobility.  The lifts are pretty small and could only just accommodate a manual wheelchair. Anything bigger may simply not fit.  We had breakfast after our first night. It was…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or970-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok stay,"Stayed here for two nights whilst going to wimbledon and the hotel was adequate for our needs. Executive bedroom was spacious and clean. Shower good over bath, plenty hot water. Yes the beds were not like home but for two nights they were fine. The breakfast, well they were ok ish!!! The piano bar was nice with the music and the drink was very reasonably priced for central london. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Would I stay here again, yes as it's very close to the underground and easy to get about from here.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or970-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",basic stay hotel,"We stayed at this hotel before in Russell Square, executive twin room was clean and roomy. Very handy for the theatre and the British Museum, its a good basic hotel, the bar lounge is very good with nice friendly staff. My only concern is the staff in the dinning room at breakfast are probably better imployed in a funeral parlour as no one smiles or wishes you a good morning or have a nice day. The receptionists and the luggage porters were the same, after retrieving our luggage no words of encouragement to come again. Yes it is very busy at peak breakfast time but putting loads of fryed eggs on top of each other is not the way to go and the sausage are chipolata not very tempting the scrambled eggs were water and lacked flavour. Sorry but as an ex chef of 22years there is no…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or970-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings,"The entrance to this hotel is impressive.  The service at the reception desk if ok, not too friendly but not arrogant either.  When I asked for a map of london, I was given a black and white photocopied A4 paper - I did expect a better service.  I had to ask for an internet password to be given one.  The internet was fast and reliable.  The room was clean and spacious, overlooking Russel Square garden.  Tea and coffee were available.  The breakfast was a standard UK breakfast.  One has to pay 50c for each baggage to leave the baggage for a few hours with the porter.  I think that this service should have been free of charge, considering that one has already paid for the night stay at the hotel.   The hotel has a good number of clients, so it is useless for me to say that I will…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or975-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,"The hotel is not was very well, the location is good, there is a pub in the hotel, but the restaurant in the hotel and the service in there, was the worse i've ever seen. They must teach their workers there to be cultural to the guests of the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or975-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I stayed at this hotel with friends, its just perfect and great value for money. The rooms are clean, small and no frills but comfortable. I was on the 6th floor.  Their isn't any air con so it can be a little warm , but you can open the windows if you don't mind the sound of the traffic below , it didn't bother me. I rather liked being able to have fresh air.  Many of the floors are being re furbished, so there is a little noise from around 8.00am , again its not a problem.    The staff are excellent and  reception first class, friendly and helpful as were the porters.   The breakfast is a canteen style, you are given a table and help yourself, there's plenty to eat, we all enjoyed it.  Our only small criticism is that as so many are coming in to breakfast tables are constantly…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or975-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",clean but noisy,"We stayed here as a part of a tour and while the place was clean and moderately appointed, our room faced the street and since the hotel doesn't have air conditioning and London was ""blessed"" with a heat wave, we had to leave the windows open all night.  The street the hotel is on is super super busy and it kept us up all night long.  The wifi is spotty, the included breakfast is good, the location is great, just around the corner from the Russel Square underground station.  Overall, the  experience was fine, but nothing wonderful",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or975-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One can do a lot worse,"This is the flagship hotel of the Imperial London chain, and also the most expensive. My own preferences are for the lower-priced President, linked to the Imperial by an attractive atrium lounge or for the lovely Bedford across the street. But the Imperial still represents outstanding value in an area where hotel prices are zooming. Reception was pleasant and efficient when I checked in — far more so than used to be the case. My room was basic Imperial chain design — no surprises — with a comfortable bed, good lighting, a good desk area, and a couple of chairs. Spartan by North American standards but clean and functional with free Wi Fi access. The bathroom was okay, although the temperature of the water was a bit inconsistent my last couple of days, and the chain continues to…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or975-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay,"Had two night break in London at this hotel. Very impressed with the service and friendliness of staff. The breakfast was handled so well that no one was waiting for food at any time. Very efficient handling even though hotel was full. Good central position, 15 minute walk from Euston station and 20 minutes from theatre land and Covent Garden. Would go again.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or980-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"I spent 2 night here and won't be coming back again. But this hotel also has positive factors, so I have listed these below.  Positive:  Check-in was easy, and the staff were friendly and helpful at check-in. No complaints there.  The location is very, very good. But then again there are about a gazillion hotels within 1 mile of this one, so it's not as if the Imperial is the only hotel in London with good location.  Brakfast is included in the room rate (or at least it was included in mine).  Negative:  The room: to describe the room as 'basic' is probably to give it too much of a compliment. The bed was 'camp bed' in comfort, and the rooms get stuffy in warm weather, so windows have to be opened to get some air in. However, the noise from Russell Square traffic is pretty…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or980-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel let down by basic hospitality errors,First things first - great location on Russell Square (where i was attending a conference) and walking distance to many attractions.  Good clear room; quiet and not too hot (even when windows closed). Nice lobby and efficient if not overly friendly staff. Bathroom nice and clean - but could not regulate the water temperature in the shower.  The breakfast is a horror show (cooked English only - and badly cooked with only inner grapefruit and cereals as an alternative; the tea and coffee is... well it's not tea and coffee as I understand it). This is a breakfast more suited to the nearby university halls of residence that a decent hotel.   Management remember-the breakfast is the last experience guests have of your hotel and a bad (or good) breakfast can leave a lasting impression…,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or980-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",noisy,"Although in a good location I would advise that if you want a good nights sleep to avoid the rooms fronting Russel square, the staff don't mention it, in our case anyway, but the area is very noisy and the rooms are not double glazed! Sirens and general traffic noise made for a very poor nights sleep especially as we had to be up for 6 am, also too early for breakfast and not even an offer of any alternative. overall not very impressed. For the "" flagship London hotel "" in this group not overly impressed.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or980-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel for short period of time.,The imperial is a nice hotel with a fairly good location. The rooms are small but comfortable and make good use of the space. The shower had good pressure and the view of the courtyard was nice. It was good value for the $ I would stay here again,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or980-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nicely Placed,"The staff are obliging, the WIFI worked well in the room although one morning we couldn't get a connection. Breakfast is mediocre. If you book online for two or more nights you get a complimentary evening meal. We had a good view of Russell Square from our room number 827 however  there was a lot of traffic noise.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or985-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Having read other reviews was doubtful as to what expect, but we found the hotel fine for the money which we paid.  Its very close to Russell Square and the Piccadilly line will bring you straight there from Heathrow.  We were checked in quickly and efficiently by a friendly receptionist, our room was ready which was a nice twin room overlooking Russell Square.  There is certainly noise but if you book a city centre hotel you will get city centre noise particularly in London where it is 24 hours.  Im sure if you asked for a room at the back the noise would be much modified.   The hotel is quite old and there is no double glazing.   Our room was fine, we didn't spend much time in it as were on a sight seeing break, but it provided well for the purpose, clean beds and bathrooms…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or985-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not as Good as Should Be,"This is one of the Imperial London Hotels Group - all located close to Russell Sq.  The location is great and the room was adequate.  Breakfast is typical of this group - ok and plenty of it but not outstanding food.  The hotel has some good public facilties - the Atrium is a genuine quality place to have a coffee or a drink.  This is the most expensive of the group's hotels and for me, at least on this occasion, is not as good as the President which is next door and which is £9  a night cheaper for a room.  This is still a decent option for a London hotel - you can pay a huge amount more and get an awful lot worse.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or985-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Persistant in what and how they offer,"It took ages for this hotel to see renovation few years ago. It is large and well positioned, on Russell Square. Entrance is hidden as you have to go through the building and many taxi/car hire drivers learn for the first time how to approach entrance of the hotel. Check in was efficient (much better than before) but the fact that you have to pay in advance by internet contributes a lot to that. System is not my favorite, you can check in only via their web site and you better hope you arrive when and how planned or you loose your money. Aside of this modern system of reservation and guarantee for the room which I dislike absolutely - but this makes them no different to a huge number of other hotels - hotel is enjoyable and offer great value for the rates they charge. Always…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or985-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It was fine,"Nothing great but no major problems either. Friendly staff, clean room, good breakfast - with very helpful waiters. The lady on the table next to me had picked up white toast but wanted brown, so they went off to get it, then she decided she wanted gluten free and they were happy to get that too.   Good location.  The room was small, single bed, and hot but had everything you would need - apart from hangers - only 3!   Would happily stay again",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or985-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",concerned,"Afternoon/evening carvery was luke warm and served in ration sized portions.watered down orange juice at breakfast, cheap sausages, horrid coffee and waiters annoyingly hovering around the table as your trying to eat, looking for a tip I presume.shocking.would not recomend.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or990-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible noise,"Good hotel location overlooking Russell Square, staff were mostly friendly and the room was adequate for the price. However as there is no air conditioning windows have to be open on hot days and even on the 8th floor the noise is intolerable.  I managed 2 hours sleep.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or990-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not So Grand,"Arrived to what appeared a well presented hotel.  Friendly staff on arrival and lobby older style but presents well.  On entering our 'executive room, (don't be fooled by room name) it was very obvious not a 3* standard even in the UK - this was more .student/ low end tourist accommodation.  Good space with larger bathroom offering two sinks and appeared reasonably clean.  Can accept older styles and not so modern facilities but having just travelled 12.5 hour flight we just needed to 'flop' for a couple of hours before dinner,  OMG - we initially turned a blind eye the making of the bed, but on placing ones body onto this so called bed we quickly sank in the totally broken mattress.  When you only sat on its edge the sides were crumbling.  On taking closer inspection quickly…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or990-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel away from the rush,"I've stayed at the Imperial hotel 3 times (twice in 2009 and once 2013) as part of Contiki. It's a great hotel to stay at if you are travelling solo or in a group.  The Room - The rooms are very basic but all you need for a few nights. There is a small TV, luggage space, a separate toilet to bathroom (unless you book a single room). Like most UK/European hotels there is no fridge in the room.  Check in - We had previously booked and had our room paid for so check in was quick and easy.  Keys - We were both given a swipe card each which made it easy if one of us wanted to return to the hotel before the other.  Facilities - The hotel offers free Wi-Fi in the lobby only. There is lots of comfy chairs there to sit on. The hotel breakfast was around 7-8 pounds. I think it is totally…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or990-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,Do not stay here. I've never been treated so poorly. I've never paid so much money to sleep on a cot. Literally. It's on wheels and you can feel the springs in your back. Not to mention I had to sleep upside on the bed because it was slanted so much. The staff are completely incompetent. If I didn't know better I would've thought this was their first week being open. If you plan on doing any work or communicating over your stay - good luck. I've had better internet in a cave in the middle of nowhere. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone. Do not come here.,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or990-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic & over priced,"Dirty bathrooms, rude staff unwelcoming and London offers far better at better rates!   Only a stranger in a storm would dare knock or call at this 70's locked glorified YMCA!   Basically the hotel lures you with the promise of above basic in its communal areas but once upstairs you realise it's basically a doss house! ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or995-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Stone cold ordinary,"Cheap and uncheerful hotel. Horrific interiors, like a travel-lodge with half the budget. No double rooms (no sex please: we're British), just singles and twins. Location brilliant and that's really the only reason why people stay. Close to Russell Sq. Free wifi is a blessing too. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or995-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"We stayed here on the night of 11th May, and were pleasantly surprised by the friendliness and efficiency of the staff. Our room (on 7th floor) was comfortable and clean, and quite spacious, with a good view over Russell Square. Breakfast the following morning was 'buffet style' with coffee/tea served as requested. The food selection and quality was good, and the breakfast room was well decorated and clean. No problems, we enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or995-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","The Good, The Bad and The Ugly","We stayed at the Imperial last week for 3 nights. The staff were generally very nice and the location was fantastic. The Hotel is tired and dreary and quite unappealing. Our bedroom was a twin room with what can only be described as upgraded camp beds. They were incredibly uncomfortable. We had a lovely view of Russell Square and were on the seventh floor, but due to the windows being in desperate need of upgrading the noise level was truly horrendous. The bathroom is split into 2 with the toilet being separate and it stunk beyond belief of urine, it was quite apparent it was in the grout on the floor tiling. The shower was loose from the wall and sprayed and flooded the bathroom every time it was used and the towels though clean were paper thin and stained, it was really…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or995-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A little tired,"I have just returned, hotel a little tired needs up dating room not bad plenty of storage, could not understand the bathroom  arrangements, you go to the toilet then you have to go into the bathroom to wash your hands how strange  in these times of strict health and safety.  The hotel is close to various attractions, close to Euston Station a ten minute walk, close to the underground two minute walk, breakfast English missing mushrooms and hash browns to many staff on for me and you still end up sometimes getting your own cup of coffee or tea I have been to larger dinning rooms at various hotels abroad with less staff and I have had no problems, I counted one day we had ten staff on and I still had to get my own tea as they serve it in thermos flasks.  Overall not a bad hotel if…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or995-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short theatre break ,Myself and my daughter recently stayed here for 2 nights . We found the staff polite and helpful also the twin room was clean and the beds quite comfortable . The breakfast was not very nice but overall I thought it was very good value . They held our luggage for most of the last day as our flight was at 9:30 at night . ,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1000-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",imperial hotel,"We spent more than a week at the hotel recently. The room we got has amazing view to the backyard of the hotel; all the windows of the rooms overlook our room. When we asked to change room staff made no effort to help. Big room but a tiny television screen. Skip the breakfast!near the hotel there are several cafes that are open from seven in the morning. For nine days the menu has not changed, the bacon, beans and pork sausages were awful. No fresh fruits and vegetables and no cheese at all, no cakes for desert and the coffee is awful. The internet most of the time did not work staff was indifferent to the complaints and did not bother to help. There is no air conditioning in the rooms and windows open a crack, It is impossible to ventilate the room. The toilets certainly…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1000-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",basic and tired,"We booked here after the theatre to save us rushing back to the station for the last train home.  Not sure it should be a 3 star hotel.  The place was basic and in need of freshening up.  When we checked in, we asked for a quiet room, and was told they only had a room facing the main road (i.e. noisy traffic), or a room with disabled facilities, facing the court yard, which only has a shower in the bathroom - no bath tub. So we asked if they would offer us a complimentary upgrade - well, that fell on stoney ground. The room (at the end of a very corridor) was adequate. We only had 2 bath  towels in the bathroom for the 2 of us - no hand towels, the towels were so thin, they were barely absorbent.  Then there are the cheap, tiniest plastic bottles of (combined) shampoo and bath…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1000-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Russel square,"I knew I took a 3 star hotel so I didn't have expectations to get a fancy room. However, I was still disappointed to find a very basic room, with so uncomfortable beds. we had to sleep on the extra blanket so we won't feel the matress springs in our bed.... The rooms which is facing the main street is very noisy and the windows are too old. Ask for a room to the inner side. The towels are poor and need to be refreshed by new ones.  Give up the breakfast and go eat outside. Location is perfect, just 2-3 minutes from the Tube. The staff is very helpfull and nice. Unfortunately, can't recommend. The rooms need some Renovation.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1000-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An honest review!!!,"I'd read some mixed reviews on this hotel, but still booked it. My wife read some reviews ( bad ) the night before we were due to leave for the hotel and was a little concerned. To be honest I thought what have we let ourselves in for. How surprised we were. Hotel whilst not looking amazing from the outside,  was really nice inside. Our room 804 was lovely and spacious and nicely decorated and immaculately clean with lovely ensuite facilities. Location was amazing, near enough to eveything, but far away enough to be nice and quiet. We were situated at the back of the hotel overlooking the courtyard. Breakfast was fine ( not fussed on the sausages...my only gripe ). Staff polite...prices in the Day and Night bar were fantastic, you can save a fortune if you drink in there. All in…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1000-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed My Stay,"Stayed at The Imperial in December 2013, as i was visiting the Winter Wonderland at Hyde Park.  The hotel is in a fantastic location, the rooms are clean and the Breakfast was Fantastic and the Staff are all friendly.  I have booked to return here in July with my mum and sister.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1005-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Terrible Breakfast","I spent a one night at the Imperial hotel Bloomsbury, Close to the British Museum and Russell square tube station. However I did find the beds comfortable. I think the bathroom needs a bit updating and maybe investing on some new towels. The breakfast room was gloomy canteen looking. Bog standard food was available but in poor quality. The juices were too sweet and the toast taste like chewy rubber. In the end I decided to leave the hot food and stick with rolls with butter and jam. I would not recommend this place if you want a good variety of hot buffet food.   I probably would not stay here unless it was only for sleeping.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1005-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, reception staff unhelpful and annoying","This hotel was a one-night stay and it turned out fine despite the rather incompetence of some of the staff.   Breakfast was good. Rooms comfortable. Best, though, was free wi-fi AND parking under the hotel, easily accessible and very reasonable discount for guests.  Since I had a rental car and the parking was independently run, I left my car for four days and having the Hertz office right next to the hotel proved a godsend since they paid the London Congestion fee for me when we left London during the hours the fee--and FINES--would have been applicable.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1005-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well located,"In front of Russell Park. Lots of restaurants to pick from around hotel. Staff at reception were helpful. Room was large and over looking park. There was one problem we had. the man behind the buffet was cleaning fallen cereal and crumbs in to the lid of the cereal container and dumping it back into the cereal tubes. We complained to front desk wrote a report and we were told to make complaint also to person incharge of Diningroom. He said he had no time. The next morning it happened again. What happens when something is dropped on the floor in the kitchen and hidden from view. I do not want to think about it. They lost my holiday stay in London for October, 2014.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1005-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We returned yesterday after spending two nights at The Imperial in Bloomsbury, just down the road from the British Museum.  On arrival, we were advised that we'd been upgraded to an executive room, which was very comfortable and spacious.  Cosy beds, nice bathroom with bath and shower and two wash basins.  The breakfast room is a bit gloomy and like a canteen and the food on offer, whilst adequate is not exactly inspiring, just your bog standard English, no yogurts or quality juices etc available.  Having said this, however, The Imperial offers excellent value for money and we will certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1005-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average amenities.","I booked the Imperial through a travel site based on location. Russell Square is very convenient to the British Museum and not far from King's Cross / St. Pancras stations. A tube stop is near the hotel. A very nice small park is immediately across the street.  My single room was just that: a room just large enough to hold a single bed, with a small desk and a not very comfortable (and somewhat shabby) chair. ONE quite thin towel was provided each day.  London is an expensive city, but I've definitely gotten better value that the Imperial offered. ",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1010-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for Money,"Returned yesterday after staying one night.  Went to a conference in London but managed to fit in a show as well.  Pleasantly surprised with hotel.  We paid a little extra for executive suite and it was pleasant with a good sized bathroom.  I had requested a quiet room and we were on the 5th floor and never heard any noise all night as we were at the back of the hotel.  Porters on reception very helpful, one young man advised us about which buses to catch and was very knowledgeable and helpful.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1010-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the money,Great location for the price. Lovely staff and a very good breakfast. Only gripe my wife had was that the toilet which was separate from the bathroom had no wash hand basin and if you are a nurse that is a big no no !,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1010-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Third time, still lucky","We stayed here for a short break just before Easter, two adults and two grown up children! For us the location is fantastic, easy enough to walk from Euston, and easy access on foot to the West End, Covent Garden, Oxford Street, etc. The quality of the rooms always surprises me given the relatively low cost for central London. OK, the towels aren't good (thin and small) but the bed is comfortable and the room spacious. Lack of air con means having the window open, but this time we were at the back and it was quiet. The breakfast is plentiful - although the restaurant is very busy. The quality of the food isn't fantastic, but lets remember the cost of this hotel. They run breakfast like a military procedure and always seem to find you a table.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1010-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A superb London location that won't break the bank!,"The Imperial ticks all the right boxes if you want a super location at a reasonable price. There are many swisher properties in London but few can match The Imperial when it comes to offering value-for-money. I have stayed there more than half-a-dozen times now and love the vibrant buzz that surrounds this large and busy establishment. Step out the door and you have a wonderful choice of restaurants, shops, pubs and wine bars.It is just 10-15 minutes walk to the West End and Russell Square tube is just around the corner. And when you return in the evening, it is a fair bet that the lively and competitively-priced Night and Day bar will be jumping. All in all,a good choice for tourists who want their holiday spending money to go as far as possible without compromising on…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1010-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short break in London.,"My wife and I spent 3 nights at this hotel during the Easter weekend. We travelled by train from York to Kings Cross, which is only 1 stop on the tube from this hotel, and is only a short walk from the tube. As others have said the location is good, and as we intended doing as much of the touristy things as we could in the short time we were there, we found it ideal access to get out and about. The hotel was popular and busy, the buffet style breakfast is good and ample, their are two different types of bars attached to the hotel that suits all types. The hotel and rooms are clean and well kept, and the staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1015-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial hotel [chain],"Have stayed in a few of the seven hotels in this chain during business trips. They are located in a central position in Bloomsbury, a short stroll from Euston and Kings cross statons and are central to most of 'visitors London'. All of the hotels offer very competitive rates and are generally of good quality. One of my colleagues describes some of the hotels as being of 'aged decadence' - probably an apt and accurate description -but not in a bad way. The restaurants are operated like a military exercise-the waiter to guest ratio must be around 3:1 as the service is speedy and efficient. Comprehensive menu's of good quality are on offer and I found it to be adequate to my needs. In summary, a good quality medium cost hotel chain in an accessible area to most of tourist London.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1015-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"I stayed at Imperial Hotel May 2013 as a part of 'Contiki Holidays'. I spent a total of two nights at Imperial Hotel and overall, this was a great. The exterior could use a bit a of a revamp, as it appears to be slightly run down. The fountain outside the main entrance was empty and not in operation, however upon entering the lobby I was very impressed. The lobby was spacious, the staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean, which is most important. Our keys were given to us on long, stiff 'key chains', in order to be sure they were returned each and every time we left the hotels premises. I still can't decide if this was a convenience or a nuisance. Our room was small, consisting of two twin size beds which were not exceptionally comfortable, but not uncomfortable…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1015-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Relatively cheap and you get what you pay for!,"Great location for this hotel, nice lobby and off street entrance. 1st impressions were good. Complimentary drink on arrival, tick - nice lounge tick, then it went a bit downhill. Asked for a quiet room and was offered a disabled access room at the rear - wish we had taken it. As it was, we took the standard offered as it had a bath (thought we might need a soak after the marathon) which was OK in terms of size and cleanliness, possibly a bit overused pillows (always mean to take my own) if you know what I mean. In room coffee & tea were poor quality which should have been a warning and the bath towels were hand towel sized. Single glazing onto a VERY busy street (police really like there two tones here!) meant little sleep. TV reception was poor. We had the weekender package…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1015-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, Average rooms","Just spent 6 nts in London for a holiday and chose this hotel as it had a good location and good deal. On arrival, a nice bell man helped us with our luggage and check in was smooth. Our room was clean, but with a strange layout (the toilet was in a separate room from the sink, so you can't wash your hands afterwards). Overall the room was clean and ok. Breakfast was included which is nice. The food have not changed the 6 days we were there. Some variations would be nice. Just a reminder, if you are coming in the summer, there is no a/c in the room.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1015-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice hotel,"On arrival staff were extremely attentive and welcoming, they stir stored our bags away until it was time to check in. The room was spacious and very clean.  Breakfast was good, a good selection and warm. Overall a good place to stay.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1020-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Decent, but could easily be improved","The Imperial is a larger hotel than I normally prefer, but it came with a package. Checking in was smooth and efficient. I asked for a quiet room, and was quite content to find that my room faced a back yard. Albeit, not very quiet, due to a number of noisy fans or something similar that should be possible to soundproof. The room itself was OK. The bed was too soft for me and the pillows (2) were both way too hard. One hard and one soft pillow is a much better option, that may hotel provide. The bathroom had a bathtub. It was clean, with tiled floor. But the towels were paper thin. Way too thin for a decent hotel.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1020-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job,"A more traditional hotel with seating provided in the reception area and facilities within and around the other sister hotels provides plenty of things to do.  The room was clean, had a flat screen tv and ample storage. It was nice to have a separate wc to the bathroom so no need to be interrupted when have a soak :-) and to have a bath in London where space is of premium value is a luxury after a hard days work :-)  Mirror located next to hair dryer - tick :-)  Beverage options were a little cheap. Strongly suggest they should replace such items with British products - we are in London after all!  Breakfast was not taken due to the strong smell of kippers which made me feel nauseous but I'm sure it would be fine  Would stay again - did what it said on the tin and was more than…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1020-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Week in Russell Square,"My son (20) and I just came back from a week-long stay in April 2014.  The location was wonderful.  Walking distance to the British Museum, very short walk to the Russell Square tube station.  We had no desire to stay in a ""fancy"" hotel.  We were there to sleep, not spend time there.  The breakfast was fine -- the usual scrambled eggs, sausage, ham, fruit, cereal, juice.  I'm not a baked bean or stewed tomato fan, but I'm not British (from the US).  It certainly saved us from buying another meal during the day.  We got the hotel through a package with British Airways, and it was a very good deal.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1020-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Hen Weekend,"Went here with a group of 11 ladies for a hen weekend, Hotel location fab, just round the corner from Russell Square tube, breakfasts great, hotel lovely, beds so comfy I fell straight to sleep.  Only slight problem was bath not very wide and towels washed within an inch of their life.  Staff all very helpful, cheerful and kind - would go again !!!!!",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1020-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, that's about it","This hotel has a great location right on Russell Square, so easy access to the West End and the sights of Central London. Russell Square tube is just around the corner, and it's close to Euston, St Pancras and Kings Cross stations. The hotel itself is quite dated. The rooms have had some refurbishment but the rest of the place looks stuck squarely in the Eighties. Breakfast is included but is not to be recommended. I had a room on the seventh floor overlooking the square - even in March the room was very hot. Opening the windows makes it fairly noisy. Overall, great for location, unmemorable otherwise.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1025-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"This was our second visit to this hotel, we always stay in Russell Square. My husband was celebrating a special birthday, so we booked an executive room. It was very disappointing for the amount we paid, the room was large with an extra sofa bed, but that was the only difference to the standard room we stayed in the last time. On entering the room, the heat was unbearable, so we asked reception if the heating could be turned off for the duration of our stay, this wasn't a problem. Our room over looked the courtyard, we both slept well and heard no noise. Breakfast was busy, but we were seated immediately, I didn't enjoy it, this could be me being fussy though. The Night and Day bar underneath the hotel serves good food and drink at reasonable prices for central London. We will…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1025-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast awful,"We have just had as stay in The Imperial Hotel for 2 nights. This hotel is pretty central but in my opinion that's the only good thing about it. The breakfast is terrible, always cold. Had to ask for fresh hot each day. The toast is left out and is like eating rubber. The porter is very rude and obviously does not enjoy his job, this clearly shows.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1025-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful - I was going to check out and get my last train home!,"I stayed here recently with colleagues. Overall not impressed. The first issue was our dining allowance. The arrangement with our business travel agent is that we get a £20 meal allowance or £25 if staying inside the M25. I had to explain this to the check in staff, who didn't know what the M25 was let alone where it is and that The Imperial Hotel sits within its confines! I asked for a double, I was booked a double and was charged for a double, but alas I found myself in a twin. I asked for a quiet room but was allocated a room overlooking Russel Square and Southampton Row, the room was sweltering and didn't have aircon. You couldn't open the windows, which were single glazed for risk of perforating your eardrums from the noise outside, which by the way is continuous through…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1025-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,"Stayed at the imperial hotel in London, found this hotel good value for money with a great location spot for site seeing. we found the room clean and the full English breakfast was lovely. The staff was very helpful and friendly. will go there again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1025-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",lovely location,"We had a 4 night break in this hotel. Rooms lovely and clean, staff very helpful, and cooked breakfast  was hot, even had good porridge, service in the dining room was also very good, no waiting or hanging around. Great central location, short walk to Covent Garden or catch the underground, just 2 mins away. Also had a nice hotel bar with seats outside and very cheap for a hotel bar. They also served food, very nice.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1030-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London Super Break weekend,"An excellent choice of hotel for our theatre trip. A clean spacious executive room with an up to date bathroom, sofa, comfi chair, TV etc. Only thing missing - biscuits! Our package included dinner on the first night and a river trip. Excellent value for money. The hotel was modern and comfortable and plenty of lifts.   Great evening meal (especially the sweet trolley) and plenty of choice for breakfast. We did ask for a view which we didn't get but it was fine we could see plenty of blue sky and watch (but not hear) the planes coming in to land at Heathrow. Our room was really quiet - it was hard to believe we were in the middle of London. Our second comment on the booking form was that it was a special occasion - that was not acknowledged. We would stay here again and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1030-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"Nothing about this hotel is positive….as a Londoner now living abroad I am ashamed that such terrible ""accommodation"" can be called a hotel……stayed as part of a conference booked by others… mausoleum of an entrance, the wifi apparently never works in the rooms….the beds have springs that wreck your body…..and CLEAN IT IS NOT……I would never accept a free room here…let alone pay for one…..this chain is a rip off……can't wait to get out and have a wash….",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1030-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Let's Go Weekend,"Two ladies in London (Friday to Sunday) and we booked this hotel based on an amazing deal which included hotel parking if required, full breakfast every morning, three course lunch or dinner at a choice of four restaurants and a welcome drink.  We booked a twin room and allocated room 717. I cannot complain at all about this room. It was spotless, the beds were very comfortable and the view from the window over the Square was fantastic. The bathroom was modern and again spotless.  Once we had checked in (the huge key has now changed to the modern 'card' system) we made our way over to Jaques Wine Bar which is a short stroll from the Imperial Hotel. Service was fantastic and I had prawn cocktail and my aunt had pate - delicious. Fish and chips and chicken in a white wine and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1030-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay,"We were a group of friends, we found the Imperial an excellent hotel to stay.  A good central location. The staff were friendly, and very helpful in every respect.  Our rooms were very clean and comfortable.  The breakfast was excellent, well cooked and fresh, a good choice to choose from.  We also ate dinner here and we all enjoyed our meals, again the evening staff were attentive and helpful.  On our departure we were given help by a member of staff with our luggage.  The reception staff were on hand any time to help.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1030-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Has become our regular stay,"We visit Londn fairly regularly to see family, meet up with friends or just go to the theatre or exhibitions.  We prefer this to the President as one gets served coffee at breakfast rather than having to queue for it and also the rooms are somewhat better.  We have stayed here 4 times now and always request a quiet room and this has always been done (overlooking the courtyard).  The breakfst is basic English but OK.  the Night and Bay bar is lively and gives an interesting street view for those who like to people watch whilst the Atrium Bar is Art Deco luxurious with waiter/waitress service and good live but not obtrusive jazz.  Prices in both are good by London standards.  It is in an excellent location and, for the price, I don't think you can argue - looking at the most…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1035-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby and certainly not chic,"We stayed here as my husband was in London renewing his overseas work visa. The only saving grace was we weren't paying for this place. The hotel is shabby and dated with hideous decor in the room. The in room tea and coffee is awful. Some staff are friendly, others less so.   The breakfast is one big bun fight with a poor selection if you don't want a greasy breakfast. The tables are squashed in and it feels like you are eating in a workers canteen. We stopped going and went elsewhere, even tho it was included in the price.   The only good thing about this hotel is the location although I would rather pay more and stay elsewhere. ",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1035-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Gross,"We stayed here because this was part of the tour package we had booked with Contiki. We regret both booking Contiki and having to stay here! This hotel is part of a chain of equally gross hotels within a two block radius of each other. The overarching theme of them all seems to be outdated, ugly rooms, disgusting food, and mediocre service. The bathroom smelled of sewage. There was grime around the sinks. The carpet was thin and moldy. And there is some relic from the 1970s in the wall that is supposedly some device that lets you iron your trousers, and it was just an eye sore. The rooms probably have not been updated in 50 years. The biggest disappointment was probably the dining room. The meat was most likely Spam, but they were calling it English breakfast. And the ""fruit""…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1035-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A regular haunt,I have stayed in this hotel on previous occasions and will return again. The rooms are clean and spacious and the staff friendly. You can get deals if you look around but it depends on the time of year. The breakfast is eat all you want English. Its not the best part of the hotel as it tends to be very busy and you will have to share tables with strangers. That shouldn't put you off but you need to know. There is no lunch or dinner but you can use their other hotels if you wish.  The location is excellent and an ideal base for exploring London. I would recommend this highly.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1035-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and comfortable,Nice hotel and staff are very friendly. Good location within walking distance of most attractions. Breakfast is OK but nothing special. Room was very clean and comfortable. Bar area is very good and serves excellent bar snacks.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1035-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Imperial Hotel is a good place to stay. It's located near Russell Square Underground Station, so you can easily get there from Heathrow, taking the Piccadilly Line. The neighborhood is safe and quiet and you have easy access to public transport. You can walk to the National Library and St. Pancras station.  The room was big enough for one person and it was clean. It had TV and a nice view of the square. Although staff were quite formal, they were very helpful every time I needed something.   Breakfast is typically English, with bacon, eggs, beans, pork, so if you're not used to have that kind of breakfast maybe you shouldn't book it. It has a really nice restaurant where you can have a good lunch or dinner and also a bar to have some drinks.   There were only two things that I…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1040-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Very Good London Base!,"We came to London on a 10 day fly and hotel package and stayed at the Imperial Hotel, hoping it would be a good base for all the activities we so enjoy in this wonderful city.  The Imperial Hotel has was an excellent choice for a number of reasons.  Located on Russell Square near the British Museum, many popular destinations like Trafalgar and the theatre district were in easy walking distance.  Our hotel room was clean, modern and well maintained.  An excellent full English breakfast was available and staff were helpful and attentive.  I received immediate assistance on any request and we encountered not a single issue in the hotel during our 10 day stay. We fully expect to return to this hotel again in the future. Thank you!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1040-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Unexpected  Short stay in London,"Had to visit London for Family reasons and wanted to try a new Hotel. Föten stayed at it's twin, the President which is just roundtable the corner and shares the Same Lounge!. You can entre both Hotels via the President or imperial! Apart from the Price, the Imperial is about  GBP 12 per Night More expensive. The breakfast buffets are identical. in the President the waiters bring you coffee and tea, in the Imperial you have to get it yourself. No Great difference in the Roms although the view from the President is Better. All in all I would choose the Imperial to Save a Fee pounds. will be going there in May.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1040-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the location,We stayed here for one night whilst visiting my daughter. The main attraction of the hotel is value and location. The room we stayed in (812)  was a bit tired but everything was clean and ready to go. The views over Russel Square from the 8th floor were excellent and we got a pretty good night's sleep. All the staff were very helpful and friendly and the hotel bar was surprisingly good value with coffee at £2 and cocktails for about £5 all served to your table/armchair! We are intending to use this for our regular stays in London when visiting our daughter.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1040-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a night,The Hotel Imperial is a fine place to stay for one night if you are catching an early morning Eurostar. It's a bit of a bun fight for breakfast as it can be very busy.  Local restaurants if arriving late are excellent. ,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1040-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Me and a friend stayed at the hotel for 6 days.  We got a double room at the 8th floor. The hotel is excellent. I have to say this was the first time I stay in a 3 stars Hotel and was a bit worried but the staff was really helpful. Especially Ian. They explain to us how to get to places, sent us to an excellent restaurant and helped with the luggage.  The rooms are clean and spacefull. The only thing that was a bit problematic was the lack of a safe in the room but there's a safe room at the reception if you need to use it. The hotel is next to 2 central tube stations. The red (central line) and the blue (Piccadilly line) and you can get almost everywhere with them.  Is at walking distance from Oxford street and one station from Covent garden and Leicester square.  Resuming,…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1045-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!,"Myself, my partner and my parents recently went for a 2 night trip to London and stayed here. It was atrocious - ripped bed sheets, dirty towels, uncomfortable beds, music at 6am and a toilet you would expect at a music festival. Left feeling tired, dirty and ill! The 2 stars were simply for the friendly porters and breakfast staff. Do not stay here!!",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1045-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Stayed at the Imperial over the weekend and was impressed. Friendly reception and restaurant staff; clean bedroom and public areas.    Niggles?  Nothing major, just little things really.... bedroom windows wouldn't open, coffee sachet not the best and breakfast a little restricted in options but the food was hot and fresh.  All little things in the greater scheme of things. ",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1045-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Beware- more like a hostel than a hotel,"I had unfortunate luck of staying at this hotel winter 2013. Upon arrival the front desk was rude, barely gave us directions to our room. The room was so outdated and not clean. Beds were basically cots, the in-room tea service had been used and was not replenished, and it was very smelly (like burning plastic mixed with food).  The rooms do not have your normal keycard entry but instead just have a lock- very flimsy at best.  Plus keys come on a very long stick that you are supposed to turn in to the front desk when you leave and pick up when you return- why you would want the staff to know when you're not in your room is beyond me. When asking the front desk for directions they were curt, gave minimal not very helpful directions, had no suggestions on places to eat- didn't…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1045-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It worked for me,"Close to the hospital for me, this hotel was nice, clean, comfortable and the breakfast was good. The staff were cheerful and helpful. It made my visit to London a very easy one. I think you have to make your own mind up as to staying here ok, I had no problem",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1045-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but terrible breakfast,"I have stayed at the Imperial a number of times. It is clean, friendly and effecient although in need of being updated. The loctaion is excellent for Russell Square, the tube and buses. The major problem is the breakfast, the food is bland, the toast can be folded in half and the coffee un-drinkable.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1050-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking Customer Service,"The customer service at this hotel is definitely the worst I have ever experienced. The hotel itself is ok, the room was adequate but not great - sunken mattresses, bin not emptied, tea tray used and not replenished. Basics lacking.   On check in we were greeted by a very rude and unhelpful receptionist. We requested a breakfast box as we were checking out early for a course. We were told we couldn't have one. The next morning, when talking to a different member of staff, we were told that was not the case and that we had been wrongly advised. But now it was too late anyway, so we were left out of pocket and hungry. I filled out a complaint form regarding the issues.   I was told I would get a reply within a few days - it was actually a few weeks. The letter was unapologetic,…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1050-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",What do people expect?,"My husband and I stayed here on Saturday 18th January and were amazed at the good value accommodation. The hotel is just a 15 minute walk from Covent Garden, 5 minutes from Oxford Street and is served by many bus routes and the tube to get you just about where you want to go. We travelled from Brighton and got straight on a 38 bus outside the station. Great. The room was very hot but there was an on/off switch at the top of one of the radiators so we were able to reduce the temperature. The beds were very clean and comfortable, there was a kettle with tea/coffee etc. Shower quite difficult to adjust but that's just being picky. The breakfast which was included, was good. There were several sorts of cereal, porridge, cooked breakfasts, toast and rolls, fruit juice too. Maybe…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1050-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I had booked this trip to London for my daughters 21st as neither of us have been to the capital before. Although I found the staff friendly, the appearance of the hotel apart from the entrance lobby was very tired looking and in need of a good clean. The room was very small and extremely basic",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1050-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,We spent a week here and found the room we had was good. While the room wasn't large they were fine for our needs and the size was pretty good compared to other European hotels we have stayed at. The bed was comfortable and we had a nice view over the hotel's fountain. The price was excellent especially compared to other hotels that we were originally considering and a fraction of the cost for something similar in our country. It was a great location for us and the British Museum was less than a 5 minute walk away. The metro was close as was our bus tours meeting points.  The breakfast was awesome and we ate as much as we could fit in every day. This meal set us up for the day’s walking and sightseeing. The waiters here were very helpful and by our second day the Maitre d' knew…,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1050-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Close to tube, great location","I stayed here for 2 nights and loved the location (within minutes walking distance to metro), felt really safe even walking at night, and close to British Museum. The waiter brought me soy milk at my request for breakfast - awesome!! The room was small but clean and had a huge window overlooking a park. Staff knowledgeable when I requested information! I'd stay here again in a heartbeat if I could get a slightly better deal...paying close to $200 USD is a lot for me (I know, I know - that's London).",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1055-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny rooms, bugs and outdated decor","For the first time in my life, I was sleeping in such a tiny room. I had a trouble to move with my big travel bag. During the night I've got bitten by some bug. It was so bad that despite antibiotic cure wound lasted for almost four weeks. Decent breakfast, typically english - scramble eggs from egg powder, beans in tomato sauce and bacon. No cheese, no veggies, no light and healthy food. No AC - which means sauna during the summer. Needs changes, unless this hitel is for Britts only and we (foreigners) were there by mistake...",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1055-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Greeting the New Year,"We stayed at The Imperial for 3 nights from 30 dec 2013-2nd jan 2014 and were more than satisfied .  Our room was very comfortable and clean and only one fault that the heating could not be adjusted so it was quite warm. I could understand the rooms at the front of the hotel being noisy as it is on a very busy road, however our room was quiet as we were in room 341 which overlooked the middle of the building.   Towels and room were cleaned daily. There are plenty of seating areas in the lobby if waiting for friends and a good art deco bar on the ground floor which is a pleasant and comfortable area to have coffee or a drink. We found all staff very pleasant and helpful  and my opinion is if you treat others as you like to be treated, there are no problems. Breakfast was very…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1055-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Uncomfortable Stay,"Very disappointed with the Imperial. First of all, staff very unfriendly and abrupt. Room was adequate, clean etc however radiators could not be adjusted and it was like sleeping in a sauna. Opening the single glazed windows didn't help either as it was impossible to sleep in this very noisy location. I would give breakfast 2/5 - sub-standard.  Hotel is okay for the price if you can stand the heat in the rooms as location is really good.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1055-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel that needs improvements,"Overall, we had a nice stay and the room was great with a very nice view. But I need to express my disappointment regarding breakfast. Hotel management needs to understand that guests are not exclusively British, and aren’t used in having no other choice apart from the biggest variety of cooked eggs one could ever imagine. Also, it’s true that last week’s bad weather created transportation issues but the reception could be more helpful than insisting that the only way to approach Gatwick is by a 86p taxi. We got at the airport with 6.60p each via bus and train, 1,5h later. Finally, wifi connection  is problematic.       ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1055-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay so fitted the bill,"We needed a room at short notice for an overnight stay in this area and our first choice was full. (The Bedford is a sister hotel, which my husband prefers.)  All I needed was a night's sleep but didn't get it due to police sirens and a police helicopter circling overhead for ages at 2am.  I assume this isn't typical. Bed fine so not hotel's fault. Room very clean but first sign of mould in the top corner of bathroom - only minor and most people wouldn't look up to notice.    A fair size and price for three people in London but breakfast was included in the price even though we knew we wouldn't be eating it due to leaving very early.  My husband, who has stayed before, said not to worry as the breakfast isn't up to much. Settled for a cup of tea in the room. It's a shame that…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1060-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Location, value for money!","This is an old hotel, kind of decadent, but the location is very good, you can walk to Covent Garden in 15, 20 minutes. The rooms are spacious and clean, but not posh. You have the Russel Square tube really near and Holborn a little further. I was ther on 2011 and my mother, my aunt and my brother were there this year, on my advice. As I said, good value for money.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1060-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,"I was impressed that the price was not increased for Boxing Day night.   My relative and I had an Executive Twin.   It was spacious and the beds comfortable with spotlessly clean white cotton bedlinen.  The bath was large and the hot water plentiful.  Breakfast was good and the waiting staff were very helpful and attentive.  The hotel looks a little tired in places but all the basics are there and done well.   The room was very warm but the reception staff provided good advice to enable us to cool it down - no worries that anyone would get cold in this hotel.     It is brilliantly situated as Russell Square tube station is just a minute or two away so with one change of tube, you can be in Oxford Street shopping very quickly.  It is very near the British Museum.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1060-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay!,"Went down to London for a Christmas weekend and stayed at this hotel in Russel Square. Was a brilliant stay. Room was clean, open area of hotel wAs well presented and breakfast was filling for the day ahead. Great central location with Russell square underground a 2 min walk from a hotel making it easy to travel across the city. Would recommend staying here and I will definitely be returning in the near future!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1060-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Far better than Contiki offered us.,"I stayed here in December 2012. The hotel is old and reminded me of movies based in the 50s.  The room was a very comfortable size and we had a window overlooking Russell Square.  Bathroom was clean and it was nice to have a shower and bath. The key was attached to a massive metal pole and constantly dropping it off and picking it up was a little annoying especially if you forgot something and had to run back up to the room.  Check in and out was very easy and the staff were friendly.  Location is very good, close to the British museum and Russell Square station.   If you are looking for a basic hotel with everything you need in the heart of London it's a good hotel.  ",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1060-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Hotel in an Excellent Location,"I honestly do not know why people grumble about this hotel.  I have stayed here many times over the years, most recently for 10 nights in December 2013, and cannot find fault with it.  I stayed in a single room which was compact but cosy.  Due to being on medication I requested a mini-fridge, which I got.  I also requested a room on a high floor, which I got.  The hotel is one of the few in London that offers a full English breakfast in the room rate.  Breakfast is buffet-style, in the 1st floor dining room.  The food was good, plentiful, and hot.  On my arrival at the hotel the reception staff were friendly, courteous and helpful.  The hotel has 2 restaurants and 2 cafes in the complex, all of which I can recommend.  The tube (Russell Square, Piccadilly line) is only a 3-minute…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1065-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional Value,"The Imperial is part of a chain of four or five hotels all just east of Tottenham Court Road in central London. The Imperial has a 60's ambience too it but is well maintained and is about 25 meters from Russell Square with its italian cafe in the middle of the park.  Rooms are medium sized, spotlessly clean and have a LAN lead to access the internet for free. WiFi is hit and miss apart from the foyer.and as I was there in winter, this can be a little drafty.  Breakfast is included and is a buffet type option, but it is possible to get a 'full english' style breakfast on which to start the day.  The staff are an absolute delight - nothing is too much trouble and they have a great (and cheap) left luggage system  If you want to avoid the traffic noise ask for a room on the…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1065-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy,"Nice hotel BUT - stayed there last Saturday night and room overlooked main road/square and the noise kept myself and my daughter awake most of the night. Would recommend asking for a room not overlooking road if your not used to noise from traffic/taxi horns/ sirens/partying people, which was through entire night/morning. Apart this hotel room clean and breakfast ok.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1065-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A bargain!,"Great choice in London! It is a very inexpensive alternative for accommodation in London, where there is a lack of cheap hotels. The location is very good - Russel Square, next to the British Museum, and there is a tubre station  less than two blocks away. The hotel also has a bar open until 2am and is linked by a corridor  to another hotel from the same chain, called the President Hotel. The breakfast is OK, not magninifcent but it serves its purpose. I am definitely staying there again next time I go to London-",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1065-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fab,What a lovely hotel . Very clean our rooms we had where beautiful we were on the 9th floor which we where pleased abt as there's a club in the hotel with loud music but seen as we where that high it was ok . Breakfast was just ok eatable . Staff really lovely we are booking again for next year . It's a 10 min walk if that to covent garden ,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1065-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and comfortable hotel,Very nice and comfortable hotel . very good location near the center and a minute from the underground. good neighborhood with shops and restaurants.    excellent breakfast. ................ nice and helpful staff.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1070-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",served the purpose...good breakfast!,Took our niece to London and Paris for high school graduation gift....stayed here.  Budget hotel but clean...nothing fancy...basic.  front desk very helpful and pleasant.  Rooms...No door knobs.   You push door after turning key.   The key story.   On a wooden stick.  Yes!   When you leave your room..you deposit it in box at front desk.  When you return..you pick up key at desk.   Odd.   You must present your check in slip...it was yellow.   Room was upgraded thank goodness....to a suite.   Now Americans would laugh.   It was half the size of a standard room in the states.    Cozy.   2 singles...and a pull out little sofa.  Room shaped like an L.  You have to pump the toilet to flush .   It's a Euro thing...very common.  But it's strange to us.   Singles were like cots...low to…,Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1070-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location to explore London from!,"We arrived prior to check in time so were pleasantly surprised when our rooms were ready for us. Fairly basic rooms but spacious and clean. We were lucky that ours faced over the Square so had a good outlook. Beds a little too soft for my taste and moved very easily...ie. Don't sit down quickly or you end up at other side of room! Excellent all you could want for breakfast, friendly and efficient service. We spent 2 nights here and would recommend as a great base to explore from. We would return here when visiting again. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1070-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy blast from the past,"Incredibly noisy. Even the rooms at the back allow loud fan noise and rumbling through the single glazed windows making it impossible to sleep. Narrow, mean rooms. Rudimentary breakfast with single cups of coffee on demand. Positives are that the hotel does seem reasonably clean, the staff are polite, the parking isn't expensive, and it does have some good kitsch late 1960s details - like the plastic sign on the entrance to the car park.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1070-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",worse hotel ever stayed!!!!!!!,"I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. my friend booked a single room through an agent and then I decided to go with her to this trip as I also had a meeting  so we told the agent to book a double room instead of the single. when we arrived at the hotel they gave as a single room. we went down to the reception and explained the situation and told them that we needed a double room and that we would pay the difference in the price at the same time. they told us that they didn't have any notice for the change from the agent and that they could not do anything about the room.  the girls at the reception were very rood, in fact it is the first time I had such a bud experience with any hotel staff. the one girls, at first  told us that there were no double rooms left so she could not do…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1070-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, poor rooms, but don't be put off","The location of this hotel is excellent - well served by bus and nearby tube stations.  It is also only 15 mins walk from covent garden.  There are 3 bars and Barberells's is the pick of the 3.  Its quite funky and has a certain charm to it.  The atrium bar is a bit odd and not that comfortable.  The rooms are poor, so be warned, but London is such a great city, the less time spent in your room the better.  The rooms are clean with comfortable beds, but small and old-fashioned.  Dont let this put you off the hotel though - the breakfast is massive (but busy) and sitting beside strangers is not as odd as i thought it would be.  Sainsburys and Teaso are also nearby.  Dont be put off by some reviews - its not luxury, but its well priced and well located.  As ever, keep expectations…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1075-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Gloomy, Dreary and Depressing","I rarely write highly negative reviews, and I also realize that all things are relative, but this was perhaps the worst hotel experience I've had in fifty years of traveling - and it has some competition. I look for a hotel to be the place you come back to, rest, recharge and get on with your trip. The thoughts of walking back into this hotel were enough to keep me finding excuses not to. When you walk up to the main entrance of a hotel in London filled with dirty, Greek/Roman statues ... you probably know you're in trouble. This is not a small hotel, and I doubt I actually saw 5 other people (other than the one morning I tried to eat breakfast) during my four night stay. I have to assume everyone shunned the public areas as well as the hotel, like I did.  Imperial hotels have a…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1075-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"My second stay at The Imperial Hotel this year.  I was surprised to read some of the other reviews as I was quite happy with the hotel both times I stayed. Booking any hotel under £100 in London is a bit of a lottery but I would definitely go back to The Imperial. I found the Reception staff helpful and the staff in the restaurant at breakfast time attentive - the restaurant wasn't overly busy at breakfast time either time I stayed.   My room was fine, lovely and warm, reasonable size for a single, comfy bed, shower was OK, basic toiletries provided.  For the price I paid (£60 incl breakfast) I thought it was a bargain! The hotel is just around the corner from Russell Street tube (and Holborn tube is only a five minute walk away) so access to Central a London attractions is…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1075-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best but not the worst....,"Stayed here in late November 2013. The decor is looking tired and dated. The bedroom linen had a few holes in too. The concierge team were rude and unhelpful. However, this was not the case for the reception desk team. They were friendly and responsive. Breakfast was a shambles. Complete chaos with no clean tables and people pushing to get their cooked breakfast. Food was ok. Nothing special. I wouldn't stay here again when I visit London.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1075-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"This is the 2nd time I've stayed at the Imperial with a friend. It's a great base for seeing London, just round the corner from the tube station. The room was very clean and modern and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We booked a standard twin and got a large twin with a sofa. It was lovely and warm and the shower was great. The breakfast was basic english but was very satisfactory. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1075-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre Break package,"We booked a theatre break and chose this hotel for the location. I really hate to moan but we were so disappointed with the hotel. The receptionist whilst not rude, was unhelpful and appeared ""bored"" . The room was on the top floor. The wallpaper was dirty and peeling off. The twin beds were old, squeaked with the smallest of movements, rolled around due to be on wheels, and were shabby and uncomfortable. The toilet was clean but curtains, bedspread and carpets were grubby, dated and in need of updating. The breakfast staff were polite, they were obviously very busy but worked hard to seat the huge amount of  guests. There were two queues for the guests but after queuing the breakfast trays were all empty so had to then join the second queue. The food was not good quality. I…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1080-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here with a friend for Friday and Saturday night. We had booked a twin, but were told we had been upgraded to an executive twin when we arrived. The room was on the fifth floor facing the back of the hotel. It was huge with 2 single beds and a sofa seating area. Both room and bathroom were clean and in good repair. Beds were comfortable and it was quiet. The reception area of the hotel is lovely. Bedroom corridors are a bit tatty and could do with a fresh coat of paint, but how long do you spend in a corridor?  Breakfast on the Saturday morning was very busy and we had to queue for around ten minutes to be seated, but we had arrived at peak time, so knew there would probably be a queue. The breakfast is buffet style with a decent range of hot and cold items.   We didn't…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1080-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial Hotel, Russell Square, London - Let's Go Offer","Recently had a 2 night stay at the Imperial Hotel, Russell Square, London.  Stayed under their ‘Let’s Go’ promotion which included 2 nights dinner, bed & breakfast plus welcome drink all for £155 each.   Excellent value, lovely hotel in a great and convenient part of London.   Close to all central tourist attractions and the theatre district with just a short walk to the underground.     Hotel staff very friendly, the largest hotel room I’ve ever stayed in in London (which tend to be on the small side).   Excellent breakfast in a lovely old fashioned wood panelled breakfast room with plenty of choices from cereal, fruit, yoghurt, and the usual cooked breakfast choices.  The hotel bar also does an excellent mojito – although we were surprised on the Saturday night when the bar…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1080-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel for a weekend away,This hotel was very good clean and great location. Just minutes away from the tube station and very centrsl. Only 12 min walk from kings cross station also. Staff were friendly and the breakfast was very good. There is a night and day bar that sells food up to midnight and also sells cheap and reasonable drink. The rooms were average size and were cleaned every day and the beds were very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel and I am also going to go back to it in the near future.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1080-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Good Location,"I stayed here for a week from Nov 8-16. The hotel has its flaws and is older(built in the 60s) but I know many people who have spent 2 or 3 times as much for a hotel in London and were probably not much more comfortable than I was at the Imperial. I found the room and public areas to be very clean...just worn in places. The fixtures/furnishings and tile in the bathrooms were probably redone in the last 5 years. The bathroom ceiling could stand a fresh coat of paint. This is a large busy tourist hotel and there was lots of wear and tear in places. The pluses were plenty of hot water, clean bedding with duvets, decent hot breakfast and coffee included, windows that open and free wi-fi. The breakfast buffet room was really busy in the morning but people were moved through…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1080-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not exactly the best,"You expect cleanliness from a hotel room, but not here. the window panes were stained, the bed had a stain of what looked like blood on it! the windows are so thin you can hear very thing outside as if you were actually there, they were so badly insulated that when you came back into your room that also felt like you were outside. we only had breakfast for food in the place and that was mediocre, the sausages were obviously Tesco value horse sausage or something, the fried eggs were more hard boiled than fried. Reception staff that we briefly spoke to were helpful enough to tell us where our room is just not how to get to it. Cleaners cleaned room nice and early so make sure the don't disturb sign goes up! you can share restaurant with any other of the ""Imperial"" hotel chain.…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1085-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel - London,"Friendly helpful staff. When we booked in, we had been upgraded to an Executive Twin free of charge. Lovely room, clean and really comfy beds. Would definitely recommend, and will stay again. Breakfast good. Large room.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1085-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again.,"When we arrived, thought the ground floor was lovely, different shops, bars etc.  Felt differently when we were shown to our room.  Very old and worn out furniture.  Really cheap kettle that took ages to boil, as well as very limited wardrobe space.  But, the location was brilliant!!  We were on the main road, but we were facing a lovely park.  The hotel was also within walking distance of a lot of decent bars and restaurants.  The location made up for the condition of the room, and I know this may sound stupid, but we would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1085-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Bed Ever,"One of the most basic and fundamental requirements of any hotel room is a comfy bed. Not one that appears to have been either slept in by an elephant or any American tourist. The single bed I had for two nights recently was the worst I’d ever slept in, the mattress was totally shot, I’d have been better off on the floor. OK, the single rooms are basic and in fact there’s nowhere else to sit other than the bed, but this piece of furniture was even more tired than I was each morning! This hotel’s basic services are  adequate for the price, but the beds leave a great deal to be desired.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1085-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just very basic,"Nicely located in Russell Square not far from the tube station, this hotel offer decent small rooms. Not a hotel in term of service, reception staff are doing just technical transaction with no friendly contact. Breakfast is very limited & table clothes are so dirty specially if a client was served before you. They'd better offer rooms prices on bed only basis so client can choose. Rooms are very small and housekeeping service is awful. My rooms was always not well cleaned, sheets are not changed for the whole 5 nights. It is a real mess.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1085-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the location,I was suprised to read some of the reviews.  I thought the staff at the hotel were all friendly and helpful.  It is not a 5 star hotel so don't expect a top notch place and yes the rooms and corridors do need a facelift but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was fine.  Basic toileteries were provided (shower/shampoo) and there is tea and coffee making facilities which is a big bonus with London prices.  I had packed a hairdryer but one was provided in our room. It is worth asking for a quiet room to avoid some of the traffic noise. We didn't have any problem getting seated for breakfast and there was cereal and cooked breakfast (buffet sytle).  Tea and coffee were also served but I did find the tea rather weak.I took a couple of extra tea bags with me for the room. We had…,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1090-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London - Home Coming,"I arrived at the hotel in the early hours of October 19, which was a Saturday. The location of the Hotel is excellent for anyone who visits London for any reason: as a tourist; for work/ meetings in the City of London and also, if one is to visit one's ward studying at University of London. I chose the Hotel as its location suited me the best, because, as an alumnus of the University of London, nostalgia demands that I stay near my alma-mater. Also, I had my meetings near Saint Paul's Station at Cheapside and the other near Green Park station. The hotel is only 4-5 minutes walk from Russell Square Station (Piccadilly Line) and Holborn Station (both Piccadilly Line and Central Line), which makes commuting effectively within London very easy. The Hotel is very good overall. Hotel…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1090-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby but central,"The Imperial is shockingly shabby. The location is very central but the hotel must have seen better days. Chairs with ripped covers, scuff marks on every wall, everything is old and battered.  Breakfast room reminded me of a Morrocan market meal; crammed in next to complete strangers.  This hotel made me feel sad. I got to my room, sighed, and went for a walk on my own for a few hours to avoid having to be in there.  The plus side is, I had a room at the back of the hotel so I did get a good nights sleep.  I would only recommend staying here if your only concern is price. If you value anything else you will be disappointed.  ",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1090-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, good value","I stayed at the Imperial Hotel on my own for just one night.  The lobby, and room were nicely decorated and well presented.  The corridors and lifts could do with a facelift.  The room rate of £92 for a single room was very reasonable, and the breakfast was fine with plenty of choice.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1090-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",POOR HOTEL IN GREAT LOCATION,"I could complain about the terrible unhealthy breakfast, the very poor water preasure, the cleanness, etc. But, the worst of all is the poor service, especially at the reception desk. Not even a shadow of a smile, rude and impetient. ""English Breakfast"" with no other options?? Wake up, this is 21st century, and we want to have healthy food. What about some vegetables?? eggs and very salty bacon to start the day with is a bad idea... So many stains everywhere, on bed linen, walls and bathroom. This hotel should have been renovated long ago. You pay (too much) for the location. If location is not very important, my advice is to avoid this hotel. This is my third and last stay at the Imperial. This hotel does not respect it's guests.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1090-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Helpful with Disabled Needs,Stayed here with my disabled daughter and found the staff kind and helpful.  The wallpaper in the hotel room was a little scratched and worn but the room was extremely well appointed and clean and the beds and bed linen wonderful for a good nights sleep.  Soundproofing of the room was excellent and the breakfast provided catered for everyone.  I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and plan to return soon.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1095-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location & Excellent Value for Money,Booked a Superbreak for 2 nights to go to England v Australia at Twickenham . Wanted a hotel not far from Kings cross with single rooms . Very large old fashioned hotel - great location - very clean - excellent breakfast - tremendous value for money - staff most helpful & efficient - would definitely recommend . Well done & Thanks,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1095-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial Hotel, Russell Square, London","I recently stayed for two nights at this hotel. I was visiting London for 3 days with an old school friend. I was delighted with the room and the hotel itself. Staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed on a room and breakfast package. The rooms were spotless, the beds extremely comfortable, the shower was the stuff of legends for such an unprepossessing piece of equipment and the breakfasts filled us up for the day. The hotel was brilliantly positioned for all we wanted to do and I will certainly be returning.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1095-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"After being unable to make reservation at The President (half term) we decided on the Royal National hotel, but after reading trip advisor reviews became a little jittery about it. At the last minute we decided to see if the Imperial could accommodate us, which they could. Lovely clean pleasant room facing the park, and being on the 8th floor had a great view of London. The bathroom was spotlessly clean with fresh towels. The rooms are all obviously undergoing refurbishment, but this did not detract from our stay ( a lot of workmen about). Breakfast was very good, and the staff were helpful and courteous. The only downside was,we were not able to regulate the temperature in our room, the radiator seemed to be on constantly. But a small price to pay for a very pleasant trip.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1095-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I'm trying to be fair...,"...but the only reason why I am giving this hotel an average is because I am not aware of British standards.  And I don't want to insult anyone.  But I have seen, been and stayed in better hotels.  I thought that dropping our keys off at the front was kind of strange...then again, I don't know what is customary there.  I do appreciate having a room to stay in and a place to shower.  With that said, I suppose an average will do.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1095-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",our visits to london,"we have stayed at the imperial on many occasions three times last year and we are going for our second visit this year. lovely hotel first class staff. service 100 per cent. rooms lovely warm,clean and spacious. breakfast first class.central for the shopping and theatres. two lovely bars as well. well worth a visit.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin!,"Most Trip Advisor reviews comment on this being a good value decent hotel in a great part of London and I won't disagree. Very busy with tourists. Great reception area. Rooms are small and a bit tired. It would be good to dust above eye level house-keeping! This includes the bathroom light and top of the shower! Rooms could also do with a lick of paint and.......bizarrely (& dangerously if you had young children) our windows on the sixth floor had no restrictors on them meaning they could be opened very wide! Still, a decent deal for the price. Good shopping and eating area just down from the tube station called The Brunswick.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing,"On this trip I got engaged, Our family and friends rang to send champagne, flowers etc to our room but were refused, we also found somebodies grotty boxers behind the curtain so it was clear the room wasn't exactly properly cleaned. Staff were snobby and rude. not a pleasant experience. only good thing was the location.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Sixth Visit,Once again - no complaints. Had requested quiet room with fridge and one again we got this. Breakfast still fine although only complaint would be the soft toast. I would like crispier but really not an  issue. Enjoyed a drink in the bar. Housekeeping excellent. Will be back again in April next year.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",All around good experience,"This hotel is so well located. The staff is polite  , kind, helpful. My room was in an inner courtyard and very quiet. It was an executive room large enough for three girlfriends on a weekend of museums, musicals, and markets. The porter helped us book a day trip and always answered our inquiries happily. The management even extended our checkout time to correspond to our late evening flight. I would definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1100-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing, rude staff and terrible breakfast - never again",We stayed at the Imperial Hotel for four nights at the end of our European trip.  We arrived earlier than the 2 pm check in and the receptionist who greeted us made it very clear that we were too early to check in -she was actually serving another guest when we walked in and just looked up and told us basically to go away as check in was not until 2 pm.  We were shocked at her attitude but left and returned at 2pm.  This time we had a male greet us - he did not smile or greet us pleasantly at all and when we asked whether we had the double room we had requested he told us that the double rooms were reserved for people who did not book through a travel agent so no we did not.  We questioned this and were told that if we wanted a double room we should go to another hotel.  We were…,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Attractive and comfortable - excellent service,"We stay regularly at the Imperial because my husband has a health conditions necessitating regularly hospital appointments close by, so we combine medical appointments with ""mini breaks"".    Not only is it comfortable and clean, with beautiful decor in the public areas, but most importantly the staff are kind and helpful and seem to really care about providing excellent service.  Nothing seems too much trouble.   The front of the hotel overlooks Russell Square and the views are superb, even at the back they look out over a pleasant courtyard.   Room service food is reasonably priced with a good menu of basic dishes.    The hotel is very well located for the West End (a short taxi ride or brisk wal away), as well as hospitals such as the National Neurology Hospital and Great…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central hotel,"Pleasant stay in reasonably priced, clean hotel, situated ideally in central London. Especially good for trips to theatre. Very reasonable meals available throughout day. Able to leave luggage after checking out if not travelling home immediately which us very convenient.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",fabulous hotel great location,My sister and I stayed at the Imperial and it is a gem.The rooms were very comfy and we overlooked a park which was just so nice.It is close to the buses and even the sightseeing buses just 2 blocks away. It was also very easy to get a cab.The appearence of the hotel is magnificent all staff/porters reception staff are very helpful and friendly.The continental breakfast was wonderful. We saw four wonderful shows and just loved London and all it has to offer. The only tip i will give if u buy perfume there as gifts DO NOT SEND THEM BY Post but carry them in your luggage as by post as we learned they will be confiscated with no compensation.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location near British museum and oxford street,"Friendly staff , nice and great reception , free wifi available , breakfast real english , bacon and eggs ,  Rooms a little bit old fashion , 9th floor needs really renovation . Diner next door in President hotel ? don't do that , even not with reduction , its really fast food style .",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1105-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, terrible water pressure","We spent 5 nights at the Imperial and appreciated its great access to Russell Square and Holborn tube stations, as well as the several bus lines that went directly in front of the hotel. This is not a quiet locale. The room with 2 twins, even though I requested a double bed, was on the 8th floor overlooking Russell Square, so we had great views of Central London through the rain. No problem with not having A/C. However, the temperature control on the bathroom water taps at the sink and tub/shower were unpredictable and ran scalding hot then completely cold. Rinsing shampoo out of my hair in the shower was an adventure! As previously stated, the included breakfast was quite bad. We learned to pass on the scrambled eggs (tasted like powdered eggs from back packing trips), cold…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"Well, had some mixed feelings on how to review this hotel, but eventually, i think the term ""Adequate"", gives the best description.  To be fair, i'll start with the Pro's: 1. Location - Excellent for visiting London. 2 min walk from Russel Square underground, 10 min walk to Oxford st', 15 min to Soho and in an overall great area. 2. Rooms are relatively specious for a budget, city center 3 star hotel. The big windows overlooking Russel Sq' brings in a lot of light which gives the room a feeling it is even bigger. In comparison to some newer hotels, who offer small sleeping ""Cells"", this hotel gives a great value on room size.   3. Rooms and general hotel common area, are relatively clean. Although I have seen much cleaner hotel rooms, this hotel certainly provides clean rooms…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for the Price,We Visit London Last August. We had one Double and one single room at the 8th floor. The Hotel is located 200 meters from  Russel Square station (it is perferct if you are comming from Heathrow). rooms are nice and comfortable but there is no Air condition so if you have hot weather it could be a problem. Breakfast was very poor.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but good value!,"A bargain hotel in a great location, great breakfast BUT...the staff could do with learning some people skills! Jackie Chan at breakfast would benefit from learning to make eye contact & maybe the odd smile!! And the hotplate at meal times could benefit from someone who has previous experience with human beings! We are not cattle! Reception staff very good, but communication in departments could be better.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff,"Great value for money for such an expensive city, great location, comfort rooms.  On the other hand the wifi was out of order for 3 days and on the other two nights of our stay was too slow. Moreover, the faucet was the traditional british, which means that you have to chose between freezing cold and burning hot, but those our minor details!  The main problem during our stay was that the receptionist was really rude! We had a problem with our pieces of luggage (they have been lost during our connection flight), so we asked to find  for us the phone of our airlines (the wifi was out of order), they refused, as they refused to give us a paper, which confirms that our baggage has not arrived yet (few hours after the expected time of our baggage's arrival time). All's ok until…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1110-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial is good value!,"I'm a travel agent and booked myself the cheapest I could for 1 night stay in London without it being a hostel! I needed something that I could crash in after the long haul from Perth to London and the single room worked perfectly for me. Nice bathrooms and a comfy bed. Staff here are outstanding. Always willing to help and are friendly faces to come back to. They sold me a hop-on hop-off bus ticket at concierge, told me how to get there and get back. All in all, if you want something cheap and easy. This is it :)",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip and suited purpose,"Stayed one night whilst on a course. Very close to Russell square tube, couple of minutes walk. Booked a single room but actually got a double.  First impressions weren't great, corridors are very dated, scuffed walls, brass numbers screwed to doors (not always the same size!) room was basic but fine. Woke up early with the service elevator.   Breakfast was poor, don't expect anything too much, not a great choice and you literally are sitting next to people you don't know!  All in all it was fine and because of location I would stay here again on business but not for a personal trip ",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and nothing to complain about,"Like many hotels in the area, this is a large hotel designed to fit as many rooms in. In saying that, the room I had was comfortable and just a single. More than enough room, wired internet access and comfortable bed. The breakfast was good and included in my room price. Russel Sq is a great location to base yourself in london, close to the tube line, plenty of cafes and places to eat all around. If you're picky about hotels it may not be for you, but as a room to sleep in after a long day exploring the city, can't fault it.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed reviews,"This hotel is huge! I stayed here on business and you can't argue with the price for central London. The check-in process was quick and the reception staff were friendly. I booked a single room which comprised of 2 single beds, the toilet was in a separate room to the bathroom. The room itself was very clean but I feel looked quite dated. I had a meal in the bar which was nice, good choice of food and drinks. In order to access the wifi you have to sit in reception as you can't get a signal in your bedroom, this is not ideal if you are staying on business. The breakfast was nice but very crowded.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",My Experience at this Hotel,i had a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff were lovely and very helpful. Staying at this hotel made me feel comfortable and relaxed while enjoying the facilities provided for myself. I would strongly recommend this hotel as i have been very impressed. Also i would very much like to return back in the near future.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1115-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms,"The room and bathroom were small, the quality of breakfast was average, but the location is great as the tube is very close but you can also walk to soho, British museum, covent garden and Oxford street.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",girls weekend in london,"Hotel a little tired could do with some decorating, the bathroom sink a little too high (not everyone is 6') and breakfast could have been better.  Service very helpful no problems at all with Staff they could not do enough.  The hotel was clean and the atrium bar was excellent.  We would go again. The location was great for us.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - outdated decor,"Well situated, clean hotel in need of updating - particularly hallways - very tired. Good parking facilities at a cost of £18 a day - no lift to hotel. Rooms were clean and were more updated than hallways - but no better than some Premier Inns we've stayed at. The service was good when we were there; breakfast is rather congested you need to be prepared to chat to strangers! We came across very unhelpful staff when making reservations at a cost of £480 - so were pleasantly surprised when on arrival the male receptionist was delightful.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible customer service with bookings,"It was not enough that they charged me upfront for the online booking, but when they or I by mistake botched up the reservation dates they had an attitude on top. When I called to see if they could fix my reservation, they said no and had in the meantime charged me for one night! I had to go through 5 or more people, and they were extremely rude to me which you would think they would want to keep business by trying to accommodate the customer. I finally had to go to the head of reservations and she had a very condescending attitude telling me I made the mistake and we had to both pay for it. So she agreed to refund the one night ONLY by my agreeing to reserve the room for the dates I needed. Needless to say, what kind of service do you think I will get when I go there to stay?…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Outdated,Great Location, Clean","I stayed here for one night with my mam and sister and sister in law. Fantastic location bus tour starting point and tube station 2mins awa Bedrooms- outdated but clean so can't complain, main issue was the windows, when we first arrived we though the windows were open  as the street noise levels were high but they are just old single pane windows. Didn't stop me sleeping though. Breakfast - A lot to be desired, we paid for bed and breakfast, breakfast listed as a full English, full English is all that was available, a piece of fruit wouldn't have gone a stray! Sausages weren't great for a full English! Staff were hit and miss, porters were very friendly and helpful however the service at breakfast was abismol, quite rude. We bough our Original Bus Tour tickets from the porters…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1120-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for  money,"I arrived a little early for check-in at the Imperial Hotel on my trip to London a week ago and was delighted to find that they had a room ready for me.  I couldn't get the keycard to work but thanks to Karen, a lovely chambermaid from Slovakia, this problem was soon solved.  Karen also watched while I tried the key again myself  and it worked perfectly.  The room was spacious, despite being a single, with lots of wardrobe space and shelf space in the bathroom.  Now this is the only thing I'd change - in the best of all possible worlds I'd have preferred a walk-in shower as I have a fear of slipping and the bath looked somewhat high to climb in and out of.  If management could provide a few walk-in showers for us 'wimps' that would be great.  Because I'd asked for a view of…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"The hotel is in easy walking distance of the west end and Oxford street, and right around the corner from Russel Square tube station. I was a little disappointed with the accommodation.  The room seemed clean and although it was small  and also a little tired and dated but it was perfectly adequate as I didn't spend a lot of time in there. The bed linen and towels were tatty or stained. I had a room facing the courtyard on the 8th floor to avoid the noise from the busy road however it was still noisy due to an air conditioning unit nearby. Breakfast was fine although basic. Possibly would stay again as it represents good value for money for central London.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","good location, excellent breakfast","A well priced, conveniently located (older) hotel within walking distance of many of London s attractions. The room was clean and quiet and nicely refurbished.  Staff very friendly and helpful The breakfast was outstanding.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great position,"my friend and i stayed for two nights, the beds were a bit soft and on wheels so moved around when you sat up, but the room was spotless and spacious, liked having separate toilet and bathroom. Bit noisy but nothing unexpected in a busy area, its a fabulous location for Russell Square tube. Breakfast was lovely, only downside was being told where to sit, sat on same table as complete strangers, not much personal space.Staff were friendly enough, but didnt inform us where to go for breakfast so went to ground floor but its on first.Met a fantastic staff member by the name of Johnathan O`Donnell who could not have been more helpful and friendly, really helped sorting tickets for us, credit to the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Two single beds for the honeymooners,"This hotel is clean, well situated with nice enough staff. Unfortunately very outdated with uncomfortable beds! Two single beds with wheels, so that when you turn in your sleep your bed wheels across the floor. It Does The job, but not luxurious if thats what your after. Don't bother with breakfast either, unless you enjoy jail food. :0) ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1125-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip? Good choice,"For a business trip, this hotel proved to be great! The room are spacey, they have wired internet (WiFi only in lobby), great view, nice clean bathroom. Plus, it's on Russell square, so it's close to all major train station, and there is a tube 2min from the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Another great stay,"Having stayed at the Imperial on two previous occasions I was delighted to go again earlier this month.  The hotel was impeccably clean, the staff very friendly and helpful.  I had my six-year old daughter with me and they were great with her too.  The recent refurbishments are very good (especially the room card system having replaced keys)  and the Atrium Cafe/Bar is a great place to relax on a hot afternoon.  Breakfast, as always was fabulous.  A full English breakfast bar along with cereals and fruit set us up very well for a day of sightseeing.  Given that I was in central London it was surprisingly quiet at night which helped aid a good nights sleep!  The Imperial is in a great location within 20-30 minutes walk of almost everywhere.  The hop on/off tour buses also stop…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired Hotel saved by location,"On arrival no support with luggage-not even belated offer. This tells you all about the hotel in a moment-very poor ""front of house"" and it is reflected throughout. We arrived in a summer heatwave. response ""open the window"" no aircon in this hotel and no suggestion of alternative and no offer of fan etc. Avoid going back to the hotel until very late. Then need to pay for WiFi-unbelievable!!   Concierge were however helpful but clearly were not required to work 'beyond the desk' . Underground is close but I recommend finding a better hotel still close to underground and you are still better off.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Sometimes you get lucky even in London and find a hotel in a good location with nice rooms - and don't have to pay a fortune for it! (I've had plenty of other experiences in London...) We had a room overlooking the courtyard which was great (and quiet). Another plus is the location: taxi fare was 10 pound from Picadilly Circus and with Russell Square being on the Picadilly Line, getting there and away (from Heathrow) is a piece of cake. So the Imperial is definitely earmarked for my next trip to London!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday stay,Stayed at this hotel in august this year hotel in great location for shopping and sight. Seening staff were very helpful rooms cleaned daily towels changed daily breakfast was also good but it was a buffet service but still was good we stayed in room 207 overlooking casino and main entrance we hardly heard any noise drink and food in the night and day bar in hotel was good value for money we had dinner one night in the cagneys restaurant just round the corner from hotel the food was terrible told staff the same and I was not paying for my wife's as it was disgusting got bill and they crossed it of also drank and ate in the black swan several times next to cagneys food was good but drink and food expensive I would definitely recommend this hotel for a stay,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1130-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",2nd stay this year,"Let me start by saying no mental long keys, key card now YIPEE finally! The disappointing side was no more wireless Internet connection in bedrooms now only in lobby, prob to pay for key cards. Excellent location, clean room overlooking park, at times very noisy. Would I stay again? Prob due to location",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",4th visit,"Stayed for 6 nights in July on my 4th visit to this hotel. I find the location is excellent, staff friendly and everywhere is clean. Good sized bedroom, I always ask for a high up room overlooking courtyard as I find this is quieter and you have spectacular views. Breakfast is good and enough choice, though toast is a bit bendy. Room service food is fine and everything is under £10. Good location for transport links (Russell Square Tube and Kings Cross) and within walking distance of theatre land, Covant Garden, Oxford Street, Leicester Square etc. Only negative is lack of Wi-Fi in room. I will be booking this hotel on my next visit to London and I can't really understand any negative comments.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel apart from breakfast,"Stayed here 3 nights in July this year, we had a nice quiet family/triple room overlooking the courtyard. We had requested a quiet room at time of booking. The room was very clean and spacious (no WiFi in the room). The staff were friendly and accomodating. The only thing which lets this otherwise pleasant hotel down, is the breakfast, which could have been better presented with more variety.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",An average Hotel good enough for a short London break,"My wife and I stayed here recommended by our agent  as the flagship hotel of the Imperial Hotels Group hotels all situated in the Russell Square area, for a Superbreak 3 night stay. Whilst the hotel was ideally situated, I found the room small and the hotel very tired looking, although clean. Part of the deal was a free evening meal on the first night. This was a disappointment we had very poor service and substandard quality of food. The waiter staff just didn't seem interested (I will mention that this meal was taken in the adjoining sister hotel the President, not the Imperial) On the plus side the breakfasts, which were served in the Imperial's own restaurant, we were completely satisfied there was a good selection of food,and the staff being very helpful, a complete…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fair to good hotel,"As I said it's a fair hotel, clean enough but nothing to write home about however it's saving grace is the location.  Close to tube links and I'd you just want to wonder you're near the national museum, Covent Garden and theaters.    If you are ""living"" out of here for work you can do better but it's a cracker for a good heads down at the end of the day hotel.   If you do one thing while you are here head out the front gates, turn left towards the river.   Keep going till you get to the T junction at the end of the street, take the left towards the millennium bridge and cross it, now you're here spend time on the South Bank.   Food, street performance, skaters, gourmet eateries rubbing shoulders with stall food and an amazing cross section of London life. ",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1135-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Average, but very good location","Great location facing russell square, just a short walk from the tube. Like most of London midrange hotels it's a little overpriced, and urgently needs a complete overhaul, although the rooms are reasonable. Service is not too friendly, but rather efficient. Most visitors, especially on weekends are Brits visiting London. Good place if you don't mind indefinite room, and looking for a convenient location.",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I booked this hotel although was confused at some of the less than complimentary comments. I stayed here last night 04/08/13 with my mother following a trip to the ballet.  We were welcomed by very pleasant and efficient reception staff checked-in and directed to out room.  We were on the 7th floor over looking the lovely Russell Square park.  The room was spotlessly clean and the linen on the beds and towels in the bathroom were brighter than white, they also had two pillows on each bed which is not the norm. Although quite hot last night, the windows were easily opened and the room was well ventilated.  There is traffic noise from below, come on guys this is central London there is going to be traffic noise, but this did not disturb our nights sleep. Breakfast was taken in the…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Bad Service, poor quality of rooms. Over Priced","Staff who do not listen, no wifi in rooms. Amenities in room are bad. Not worth the price you pay. The website details are inaccurate. Restaurant staff also very bad. Quality of breakfast very poor. Seems like the place is surviving on old glory, it's location and travellers coming to London for work or pleasure.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient,This hotel was convenient to the tube and to bus stops.  It is located near Russell Square which is a nice park.  We were able to leave our luggage in storage since we arrived before check-in time.  They do charged you for holding your luggage (.50 pounds per piece)  We stayed at 11 different hotels while traveling in Europe and this hotel was the only one that charged us for holding the luggage.  The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable.  Unfortunately our room faced the courtyard and was very noisy.  The noise from the bar lasted till about 1 o'clock in the morning.  Breakfast buffet (included in the price) was delicious although the same breakfast was served every day.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Stayed three nights at the Imperial Hotel included was three course evening meal on first night.  First impressions room spotlessly clean as was the bathroom, soap and body/hair wash provided more than adequate for a short stay.  Towels were changed daily room tidied and beds made up.  The meal included in the price we had this at the President which is attached to the Imperial Hotel, good choice of starters mains and sweet courses.  We had breakfast in the Imperial Hotel plenty of variety good quality food on offer.  Food was piping hot.  We arrived at Kings Cross only twenty minute walk to the hotel.  Fifteen minute walk to Oxford Street from the the.  All in all good value staff friendly and helpful. ",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1140-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, basic necessity accomodations","This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel.  It's really great value for money, mostly because of the location.  Russell Square station is a 2 minute walk, and you can get anywhere in the city within minutes using the Underground.  The rooms are very basic, with single beds, no fridge, no safe.  The bathroom was clean and recently refinished, although the tub is narrow and the shower curtain constantly balloons into the small space.  It'd be really great if they would invest in those rounded shower curtain rods.  We definitely appreciated that there was a separate water closet!  The breakfast was pretty much awful, just some dry toast, eggs - not nicely cooked, some bacon and really concentrated orange juice.  There was no fresh fruit, just disgusting stuff from a can. …",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",t,"I stayed in a single room and even though they were small it was plenty for me. Had a full bathroom, single bed, tea and coffee facilities and television. The only thing I found an issue was that there was no mini fridge in the room to atleast store a few drinks and snacks. Excellent staff the were nothing but helpful. helped me plan a few day trips that fit into my schedule and had a lot of knowledge of the surrounding area",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A lot better than expected,"I was a bit reluctant after reading reviews of the hotel but on arrival, I was extremely satisfied.  The hotel is in a very convenient location, a short walk from two tube stations which will take you everywhere you need to go - Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus, Regent Street, Knightsbridge and Hyde Park Corner (for Harrods, Buckingham Palace, etc). It's also walking distance from the British Museum.  We stayed for three nights in a very clean room which was serviced every day. A full English breakfast was provided - it's nothing gourmet but it's good to get you going for the day. Bathrooms were great despite the shower over bath situation. The water pressure was probably the best part.  The hotel is a little old but for what we payed, it was pretty good value.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Clean and tidy hotel and not too far to walk in to centre of London. Only gripe is that the safety deposit boxes are next to reception and it takes quite a while for each person to be dealt with and only between 9 to 6-30pm, would be much easier to have the boxes in the rooms",None,4.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",would return for budget travel,"The hotel is conveniently located, a few minutes walk from Russell Square station on the Piccadilly line, and just a few stops away from Picadilly Circus and Covent Garden. You can take the tube directly from Heathrow to Russell Square without transfers, which was very convenient for me with all my luggage! Also, the hotel is a short walk from the British Museum and lots of places to go drink and eat. Everyone who worked at the desk had an attitude, but despite this they did their jobs efficiently.   My room was small and simple, with a single/twin bed, a desk, kettle, and private bathroom with a deep tub/shower. However, it was also clean and comfortable despite the small size. There was a blowdryer and a pants press in the room, and the wifi signal was strong throughout my 5…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1145-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and friendly,We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The rooms were clean a good size and the sheets and towels spotless and brilliant white. Breakfast was buffet style plenty of choice and tasty. The staff were very helpful giving directions recommending places to eat etc. I would definitely stay here again. Only two minutes walk to the underground station. Very good.,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",BRILLIANT,"Arrived 2 hours before our check-in, just to leave our baggage and our rooms were ready. Our 4 twin rooms were up-graded. Very clean spacious rooms, easy waliking distance to the west end, China town, and oxford street, all the places we visited. The staff we very friendly and helpful and breakfast was lush, they even moved  tables together so the 9 people of our group could sit together. On the sunday we were able to leave our luggage for 50p so we could continue our sight seeing. Will definatley stay again. x",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic,"The bed was comfy, the staff were friendly and were more than happy to help in any way they can,the beer was cheap, free wifi, great location near russell square tube station, excellent value for money, will definatley go back again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good budget hotel,"Clean spacious rooms. Good location with easy access to the tube. Good choice at breakfast time.  We booked two rooms, our room was quite quiet, but my sons room was on the opposite side of the corridor, which was on the roadside and was quite noisy. Although wouldn't put us off staying againm",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great spot to have jet-lag,"Imperial Hotel is in good location, was a comfortable spot for us to recover after flight from Australia. Slightly classier than nearby Tavistock where I have stayed before, and we were upgraded to nice quiet room facing the internal courtyard. Good value for money.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1150-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good place to stay - especially for the price.,"I stayed here for about a week. The room was fine - nothing special, and is probably on the list of the ones to upgrade. Other floors seemed to have key card entry. My floor had old-fashioned keys on huge long fobs.  Staff at the hotel were good - pleasant at both reception and breakfast.  The room was good and airy. The shower also packed a punch. The only downside is rooms facing Russell Square. The noise never seemed to stop, and the windows were not double-glazed. Saying that, I sleep like a log, so it didn't actually bother me at all.  Breakfast was fine. It's not haute cuisine, but more than adequate, and will fill you up for the day ahead. There's hot food plus cereals, yogurt etc.  The location is good -  you're within easy reach of the British Museum and the Tottenham…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't eat the breakfast,"Given the ridiculously high prices of hotels in (nearly) central London I suppose we shouldn't grumble because the price was relatively low.  The room was very basic but clean. bed not bad. Bathroom just OK.  Lack of a comfortable chair in the room didn't help and there was enough space for one and even for two if the hard and horrible bench seat wasn't fixed and taking up space.   The breakfast - uurrgh. Impersonal indifferent service - cheap bacon and dry sausage - foul tasting mushrooms - overcooked funny colour eggs - soggy toast and overstrong and odd tasting, lukewarm coffee. Only the fruit and cereals were OK. Unfortunately none of the Imperial Group hotels offer room only rates.  Very handy position near Euston and we walked into and from Leicester Square very…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent 3 Star Hotel,"I stayed her last weekend for 3 nights.  I must say reading the reviews i was put off but when we got there we found it to be ideal.  The location is excellent, right in the middle of London, 10 mins walk from Oxford Street & 2 mins from 2 separate Tube Stations.  One was Russell Sq Tube.  It had lovely Restaurants on either side of each exits.  The rooms were spotless, spacious & had everything you'd expect,  we even had a lovely view of a little courtyard.  Breakfast each morning was like an old world experience.  Showed to your table & waited on aswell as a lovely Buffet. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any type of Tourist or Traveller & it had a lovely Family feel.  The Staff were extremely friendly & helpful & couldn't do enough for us from directions to giving…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very tired hotel,"I have stayed here a  few times as the organisation I visit keep booking it.  It is well located for the station and an easy walk into central London.  The staff are good and the breakfast is fine.    The main issue of that the rooms are very small and in need of a refurbishment.  The single room I was in is worse than a student room.  Very small,  dirty carpet,  poor mattress and very old decoration.  The chair's fabric was worn through and ripped and the bathroom looked very old.  It seems to be gradually deteriorating,  and looks worse every time I have visited.  I will probably have to stay here again as the other hotel they have placed me (President next door - same chain) in is in even worse condition.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"45 min train ride from Heathrow via Piccadilly line getting off at Russell Square. Easy access to the tube to get around London. Rooms are basic but clean. No air-conditioning in rooms but if the window is open in the evening comfortable for a good rest, at times traffic can get noisy but I opted to keep the window open. The keys are all attached to a metal rod and must be left at the hotel, must present your yellow hotel card to get the key again. The buffet breakfast was descent for £8 per person. I was staying in London longer I would opt for a different hotel but for the short stay tell we met up our tour group it away fair for the pricing. ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1155-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We stayed here bed and breakfast for 2 nights may bank holiday weekend. The room was clean if a little small, but as only slept here it was fine. The bathroom was good with bath and powerful shower.  Breakfast was ok, basic but nothing to shout about. Best thing about this hotel is its location. It's a 2 minute walk to russel square tube station making it an ideal base to explore London. Would definitely stay here again ",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice stay,"I was really concerned about this hotel, it seems that people either love it or hate it.  Fortunately, we loved it! The room was very big and extra clean. The rooms really need update, but they are very well maintained. The view from the room is wonderful, bit noisy, but hey, you are in the center of London. I was suprise that room had 2 bathrooms – in one you have bathtub and sink and in other you have toilet, they are opposite each other. The location is amazing – you are 10 minutes walk from all restaurants in Soho and Oxford street. Buffet breakfast was very good. We will stay in this hotel next time we visit London.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Needed a place near to the centre of London which could accommodate the whole family at a reasonable price and could not have chosen better.  All reception staff very friendly and professional.  Room was a little tired but still better than expected given the tariff.  Breakfast in the restaurant was quite an experience - we were able to fill our boots for the day and all included in the room rate!  For a 3-star property, excellent value.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Contiki Tour ""Cultural Experience""","The Imperial Hotel in Russell Square was basic and did the job.  I was happy that we had a room with a renovated bathroom.  The space itself was a little tight, but throughout our tour we found smaller hotel rooms in other countries.  The beds were mediocre.  The sheets were extremely crisp (it felt a bit like sand paper).   We arrived in London (at the hotel) around 11pm or later and went straight to our room.  It was very cold that night!  The following day we returned to our hotel room and it was a sauna from the sun!    The hotel was basic, but we only used it to sleep in at night!",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",really nice hotel close to all the sights,"Beautiful room, very clean, helpful staff, fabulous breakfasts. Close to all the sights in London but tucked away off Russell Square with a peaceful courtyard. I could not fault this hotel and feel some of the critics have been quite harsh. The view wasn't great from our room but it was a really comfortable room with twin beds and a cot for the wee one. When you are in London you aren't there to sit all day in a hotel room, but it was wonderful warm and welcoming to come back to after a day of sight seeing",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1160-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel,A rather tired Hotel with nothing really good or bad to offer.  The toilet cubicle didn't have a wash basin which meant having to go into the bathroom to wash hands (seemed a rather strange set up) The bathroom fan didn't work (reported to porter who said it was not connected due to being noisy) which left a damp smell to the room. The staff were polite and helpful. It is a hotel which seems workmanlike not one aspiring to get return custom. However for anyone wishing to visit the British museum it is in a very good location. The front of the hotel rooms are rather noisy due to aluminum framed double glazing allowing in traffic noise.,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but very dated,"Not a lot to shout home about with this hotel apart from a great location and the added bonus of a underground car park. We arrived and the check in was very easy, once checked in we had to collect our key from the concierge when we did our room key had a 30cm metal rod attached, i tried to make a joke with the guy behind the counter and he said that the keys go missing. Surely you can charge guests for the lost keys? When entering the room (executive double) the decor was very dated and the bedspread looked older than the hotel. The beds had been pushed together to make a large double which is not ideal. One thing which i need to mention which would be a major hazard to family wanting to stay in the hotel is that the windows opened up sideways and if you have young children…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet & Comfortable,"This is the third time we have stayed at hotels in this group. They are all around the Russell Square/ Tavistock Square area. By booking on line you get the bonus of a free meal on the day of arrival at any of the groups hotels. If you choose lunch - Jacks wine bar is best -in the Tavistock Hotel. For Evening there is a good carvery  at The President hotel, this time we stayed at the Imperial.The room was comfortable and quiet, even though there was a party going on.It is situated in a good location with easy access to both bus and tube. Staff were helpful and polite and the service could not be faulted, Breakfast was very slightly restricted in choices- no mushrooms and only 2 different fresh fruit  for example!. I would certainly recommend this hotel as all round it gives…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Decent hotel, nice breakfasts, very clean, nice views of russel square and good location. It was rather noisy though, could hear the traffic noise outside quite clearly, but wasn't too bad considering the price of the hotel. Much better than the royal national.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't get a room at the front!,"Hotel was ok. Not the greatest. Looks grand on arrival, but after checking in and getting to our room I thought the windows were open as it was so noisy, they weren't.....and the noise never stopped as we were above a pub too. Rooms were clean, but had a leaky toilet, Didn't realise until I stepped in it first thing in the morning. Overall I wouldn't stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1165-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Large hotel OK for overnight stay,"The Imperial Hotel is a large hotel and met our basic needs for an overnight stop - it was a clean, quiet room with a comfortable bed and a decent bathroom.  The room  had heating but no air conditioning.  The coffee and tea at breakfast was awful and the toast was cold and limp.  As expected for a large hotel serving a buffet breakfast, it was very crowded.  All in all it what one expects from a large three star hotel catering largely for one night stays.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",SHORT BREAK,"Stayed at the Imperial while on a short break to London.   Room basic but very clean and comfortable. Nice bathroom with fresh towels each day.  We had a room overlooking courtyard which was quiet.  Public areas nice.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  We arrived early but they let us have our room early. Booked tickets with the hotel for trips.  We opted for the Big Bus Tour.  Forget it. We had no comentary, (due to a fault). stuck in traffic jams for hours.  take the sub way instead and plan your visits.  Had dinner in hotel on the first night. Very good.  This was included in our package. Breakfast was good also. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Decent, but wouldn't choose again.","PROs: Location and proximity to the British Museum and some sweet restaurants. Clean room with view of Russell Square. Very friendly and helpful staff. Close to the tube (Piccadilly Line). Close to Euston Station, with some nice places for drinks and dinner along the way.  CONs: One of the worst breakfasts I have ever had. It was inedible, down to the coffee. Thankfully, there is a Pret a Manger down the street. The building is definitely dated and is in need of some repairs. Close to a hospital, so the ambulances were constant and loud.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good value for central london,"Recently stayed with my sister while we took in a special exhibition at the British Museum along with a show(Billy Elliot). Overall the experience was good, all the staff were extremely polite and helpful, room overlooking the courtyard was spotless with clean sheets and towels daily. O.K.the tea and coffee provided in the room were basic but I never travel without my P.G tips. Breakfast was efficient and plentiful although I have  to agree with other comments about it not being hot enough(it certainly was not cold as some have said) We ate one evening at the adjoining Presidents 'Saracens Carvery' and there was a good choice available(not bad for a complimentary 3 course dinner). All in all a pleasant stay, good value for money and would not hesitate to recommend.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and breakfast but unremarkable otherwise,This was a one night stay after attending a function locally. The check in is a bit odd - you got to the reception desk and register and then got to the Porter to get your key which is attached to a long metal rod. Not sure why! The room I had was unwelcoming and noisy - a great view across the square but the traffic was intrusive plus a bunch of kids banging doors didn't help. The breakfast was very good and overall not a bad experience but one night is enough. Ask for a room at the back!,Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1170-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Vakue for money,"Stayed at this hotel  with 2 friends for 3 nights recently.  Overall , excellent value for money.  Nice outlook from our rooms and very convenient for exploring the sights of London.  Staff were polite and helpful.   Rooms were clean and warm  with clean towels etc. dailly.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel and the whole of the chain needs seriously updating,"I have stayed in 4 of their hotels, this one being the latest. This is supposed to be their flagship hotel. All of the hotels I have stayed in need seriously updating and money spent on them (worst of them The County, which is another story). For what their standard rate they charge, even if you can get slightly cheaper on websites such as Superbreak Holidays, Travel Republic etc, you get a more excellent experience staying in a Holiday Inn Express. I paid £60 incl full english breakfast, I paid £45 with breakfast in a Holiday Inn Express a few days later and their rooms are exceptional compared to this chain. I have unfortunately re-booked for this hotel in Aug may see if I can change.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated rooms & Policies,"Did not enjoy our stay at this hotel which was three long nights. Too far out from the main beat. Nothing close by without having to take metro, bus or cab. The front desk had harsh words for us when we requested to change rooms because the accommodations were not what were booked. If room was not prepaid-would have went somewhere else. Could not even get staff to call cab for us. They charge per minute for local calls.  So many restrictions that complicated our visit especially the key and internet issues. Having to turn in the key each time you leave the hotel became quite an issue during our visit. Room very outdated but was clean. Did offer nice breakfast.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not to be recommended,"To start off with a good point, the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful but that's where the good points end. The rooms were very basic with thin towels that did not dry you.  The bath was slippy and the shower did not work. The rooms were extremely hot too. The food: there was very little choice in the bar.  The breakfast was cold with very little choice there either",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central hotel within walking distance from Theater district,"Have been staying here about 15-20 times and have only good experiences from our stay. Underground, buses are very close. Also very close to British Museum. Easy Access to and from Heathrow airport. Walking distance to several attracctions in London.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1175-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Spennymoor at wembley,"The hotel was very good value for money although the room was a little tired but was very clean. The hotel was very close to travel services with the tube a couple of minutes walk and kings cross was only a 10 minute walk, The breakfast was also very nice, For those that are also unaware the imperial hotel is adjoined the president hotel",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay hotel,"Went for family celebrations in london. Having read the tips on Tripadvisor on what room to ask for I ended up with a top floor spacious single room overlooking the gardens.. tired looking room but clean, spacious, with lovely views, bathroom clean and spacious. Only downfall was the pillows were very hard, but apart from that the room was fine. Breakfast was lovely, happy waiters, hot food, juices, fruit, cereals, toast...Reception people very helpful and polite. Handy hotel, less than 5 mins walk to nearest tube, shops on the doorstep. Lovely Russell gardens opp hotel for a coffee and chill. Good value hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Strange credit card policy,"I have stayed close to Russell Square hotels often, but so far this has been the worst experience. For a three-night stay they (which was pre-paid) they took a outrageous deposit of approx 350 pounds from the credit card. This sum is still booked - although it has been two weeks from the stay. As it is booked, the credit card cannot be used for this sum. Many better hotels take a deposit of only 50 pounds or less, so this totally unaccetable behaviour. Remember - the room was pre-paid 100 % !!",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for London,"Stayed here 4 or 5 times over the past few years. Great location - plenty of buses, tube stop round the corner or just a 10-15min walk to the end of Oxford Street or Covent Garden, Public areas on the ground and 1st floor have recently been updated and are to a very good standard.  Unfortunately the rooms are now in need of an upgrade. Very good size rooms for London but money needs spending on the decor. Rooms at the front of the hotel have a great view over Russell Square but due to the old steel window frames, sound proofing leaves a lot to be desired. Good breakfast, and plenty of places to eat in the evening within walking distance. Update the rooms and I would give it 5 star. For the money it's just about ok.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Improved WiFi speed,"The best its location within walking distance of almost everything in Central London. And free WiFi is much improved from 2012. The worst for those who hail from the Continent, the poor breakfast. All in all a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1180-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short London break,"After reading reviews if this hotel was a bit apprehensive. No worries, good basic hotel, breakfast great, location superb. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had an executive room which was large, tv and tea and coffee facilities. Only downfall was the dirty radiator in need of a good clean. Bathroom large and very clean. Would stay here again ",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient tourist hotel,Stayed for 3 nights convenient to Russell Square tube and Holborn tube stations. Good bus services outside the door. A 10 minute walk to Covent Garden where lots of good restaurants and nearby Seven Dials lots of pop up shops and interesting restaurants. The public areas of the hotel are excellent but could seem a little old fashioned. The bedrooms are looking a bit tired but spotless and have every convenience. We found the hotel really good value for money especially seeing where it is placed just 3 minutes from the British Museum. We ate breakfast in the hotel and a varied choice of foods providing a super buffet style breakfast. Certainly not 4 star but 3+ and the staff were always helpful. ,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and that's all!,"3 minutes walk from Russell square tube station which is the next stop from kings cross and just 2 stops from covert garden so location is excellent, the hotel is very much in the need of a revamp we booked in to the girls at the desk and as we did so we laughed when hand a key on a foot metal pole, as we could not remember being in a bed and breakfast or hotel that keys to open the doors of your room as its always swipe cards. But we were booked into room 424 as we opened the door we noticed the twin beds we had booked a double bed, we went back downstairs to be told their are only 8 rooms out of 700, quickly explained not my problem get me a room. So room 747 double bed very old deco but clean apart from the split pop drink up the wall, very quite Breakfast is on the first…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Favourite London hotel,"I've been staying here for nearly 10 years and I feel it represents good value for its location.  Great breakfast, clean and welcoming.  Some of the rooms are a little dated style wise and as with most hotels i visit the TV could be larger.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fifth stay,"Just back from my fifth stay in the Imperial. I always book through Superbreak and the price includes train ticket from Edinburgh to London. Excellent price. Hotel is very central and near a tube station if you don't want to walk. Have never had to complain about condition of room. Breakfast is good and has lots of different options. The service has always been excellent. The charge of 50p to leave a bag in left luggage is exceptionally cheap compared to the £8 at Kings Cross Station so I am unsure how any one can complain! Just about to book my next trip in October,",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1185-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brutal,I stayed here for 2 nights on business in april 2013. Second worst hotel I ever stayed inin my life. Worst was the YMCA in New York 20 years ago. The rooms should be called cells. Room key attached to steel bar. Uncomfortable bed. Noisy air-conditioning  unit outside bedroom window. In drastic need of upgrade,Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel to rest your head! Imperial Hotel London.,"We recently spent 3 nights at the Imperial Hotel, Russell square, London when we visited with our family ( 2 parents and 2 children) on a site seeing visit to the capital. We booked the hotel through a local travel agent who managed to provide a good deal. The stay included bed and breakfast in the price. We found the hotel very clean and bed sheets were changed every day. The bathroom was spotless. There were no signs of mildew near the shower or bath and there was plenty of room. The room itself was large and comfortable, flat screen tv. and the carpet was very clean and little sign of wear.  Beds were generally comfortable to say this is a heavily used hotel in London and the counterpane s were well used. Clean towels were provided every day,however they were well used, as is…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Earl Court,"I went to the book fair at Earl Court and stayed at the Imperial Hotel and I must say that out of all the Hotels I have stayed in London the Imperial was the best I have stayed in. The hotel was clean the staff could not do enough for you, and the view ig the foutain from my window was lovely. When I go back to London again I will be staying there again .",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel in great location,"Sudden business trip and booked last minute  via web booking company. A nice hotel which is clearly updating and modernising itself. Friendly  staff and a quick check in/out procedure. Nice atrium bar and reasonable prices for its location. Room was OK but have to say very hot and could not turn heating off and also a lot of street noise, having said that it is in a very central location. Reasonable rate for twin room and certainly a good hotel for a base if visiting London as within short walking distance to several tube stations and close to Euston station.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",disappointing,"My room had a toilet with a poor flush ( had to use a kettle to help it flush), a TV that didn't work ( even the housekeeper tried) which might not have bothered me but I had a 4 year old with me- and curly hairs in the bath. The breakfast was mediocre -hard prunes, tinned grapefruit, a huge container of cold soggy toast although the hot food was fine and the restaurant  staff good. To add insult to injury they wanted to charge £1 for leaving luggage ( a small backpack). Needless to say I refused to pay. In fairness I asked for a quiet room and it was.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1190-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A great hotel.,"We recently spent several nights here on arrival from Australia, and found it to be  the perfect hotel for our requirements. We had a great view over Russell Square, which in itself was a most convenient location ( almost next door to the tube station and within walking distance of central London.) The room was comfortable, if smallish, and the breakfast was excellent and very generous.The room and public areas were clean and welcoming, the staff friendly and helpful.Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to other visitors to London. Reasonably priced also, and next door to Hertz  car rentals, which we made use of!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","""A perfectly decent hotel""","Was a little concerned about the Imperial having read very mixed reviews, but these were quickly dispersed on arrival. Check-in was a quick and no fuss event and on the way to our room through the Atrium we were pleasantly surprised by the colourful decor, cosy ambiance and the obvious cleanliness everywhere. We had an executive room which was extremely hot on arrival, but an open window soon sorted that. The executive room, whilst not plush by any means, was spacious, with adequate storage space, a small flat screen tv, and tea and coffee facility. The shower was in the bath but was extremely powerful and the double sinks were a real bonus. Bed linen and towels were changed every day. We had no view, being at the back of the hotel, but 2 large windows gave plenty of light and…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",russell square,"i booked this hotel with superbreak for a friends birthday, i have stopped in the president and royal national so i knew what to expect, this hotel is the best out of three i would say, modern reception.. nice clean spacious rooms and perfect base for london sightseeing",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Yet another visit,I was last in this hotel in November 2012 and was not disappointed again.  Clean but simple room. The wifi is free and relaiable.  The staff are very pleasant especially the guys who are concierge.  The restaurant was civilised for breakfast and again the waiters were ensuring that you had a drink - the tea was so hot rather than luke warm.  Goodd place to stay - neat tube and buses and only minutes walk to British Museum.  I shall return!,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Basic but clean London hotel, excellent location.","Our experience for a weekend getaway in London was that it was clean, the staff were more than helpful and importantly we got a decent nights sleep, the bed was comfy and the room nice and toasty.  Yes, it is rather dated with old metal framed windows but you dont spend time in London looking at the hotel fittings?? The shower was great with loads of hot water. Can't ask for more.  The self service breakfast was more than adequate, even at peak time when people were queueing to get in there was still plenty of hot & cold food available.  The hotel is in a great location. 15min walk from Kings Cross station and only 30mins to Covent Garden. What more can you ask for? Tube station just around the corner too.  We will definately use this area again to stay in but will try another…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1195-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A disappointment,"My wife and I had had satisfactory visits to the Imperial in the past so, this time, we decided to sample one of their highest price ""executive rooms"" expecting it to compare with similar priced rooms overseas. We were disappointed. Apart from it being a little larger than other rooms, it lacked a view of the Square (we were told that no executive rooms offered that view), it lacked an in room safe (surely essential in such a business-orientated room?), and, not least, the room contained 2 rather uncomfortable singe beds (again we were told that no such rooms offered large, king-sized beds). As we had arrived from a visit to Italy where the hotels (at lower prices) all offered such features we were not happy with such a room which was certainly not what would be expected from…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Certainly not your luxury holiday experience hotel, but we stayed here a total of four nights over two stays and it was great. Conveniently located near Russell Square tube station on the Piccadilly line from Heathrow, near a little shopping centre and restaurants in the neighbourhood. We had a free voucher for dining in which was ordinary. We used the carvery restaurant for a roast meal, it was great because it was free but wouldn't pay for it. The hotel is dated and showing signs of wear, but the room was quiet, comfortable and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful and bought extra pillow immediately. My husband forgot his phone charger and the hotel had this great ""box"" arrangement which could accommodate different types of connections and you locked your phone in it…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",theatre break,Great overnight stop.  clean.functional room overlooking Russell Square .  Ideal location for tube to reach Theatre land.           Staff very friendly - not over familiar.                Pub within hote lfor drink and snack after show and then to bed.            Very good full English breakfast in pleasant dining room.   Will return.,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fair price, neat.","Good location next to metro and very handy for guests either during tourism or business or just shopping. Room was ok, very clean, comfy bed and I had a wonderful view facing the russell square. Breakfast is not really good, but well, you can have it in any costa or pret a manger next to the hotel. If you are lopking for a neat well located and not so expensive place to rest after enjoying london, then it is a good choice!",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",How very disapointing. I wouldn't recommend to anyone,"The first thing I noticed upon arriving was the nice spacious communal areas. However as soon as I checked in things went steadily down hill.   There are no key card locks on the hotel room doors, instead I was presented with a key on a ridiculously large metal pole. I assume this is as an incentive not to steal the key (although why you'd want to is beyond me). You must leave the key with reception and present a slip of paper every time you want it back. This is very inconvenient.   Whilst downstairs was decorated very nicely, as soon as I reached my floor it became apparent that the hotel hasn't been decorated in quite some time. The walls of the hall ways and bedroom were very scuffed and dingy looking.   When I got to my room on the 9th floor I instantly was overcome by the…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1200-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"This is a package holiday hotel, and operates as one. On-check in you do not get a key you get a piece of paper to hand to the porter who then give you the key. The rooms are tired, but functional. If you are a single traveller, make sure you get a good rate or find something better. If you are in a coach party this is the sort of hotel you expect to get on a budget. That said the location is pretty good just down from Euston Station and 10 mins from kings cross.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",assembly line hotel,"Thsi is a mass market hotel and once you bear that in miind its not too bad. Raesonably clean and the staff, considering the numbers they are dealing with are reasonably helpful. Not an hotel to to stay in for the holiday experience even though the breakfast, whislt not gourmet is plentiful and of a good standard. I stay ther fairly regularly as my compnay books a few of us in there as a block booking for monthly meetings. You get a perfectly adequate but quite small single room, with a single bed and a perfectly adequate ensuite. However, whilst I am a average size Welshman but I dread to think how a tall or big man or woman, would cope with the size of the room and bathroom. Must be a midget who designed this? Its clearly an attempt to get as many people as possible into as…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central location,"Just back from a 3 night stay in this hotel, room was good enough for the time spent in it, room was cleaned and had fresh towels every day,staff were excellent,buffet breakfast was spot on, great location, couldnt have asked for more, will definitely use again.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice, great food","We stayed at this hotel on a short break and it is very central for all attractions. Foyer was really nice, bars within the hotel and nice areas to sit and relax. Staff were always very friendly and helpful. We had one evening meal which was fabulous, great food. Nice breakfasts too. The room was pretty basic but its just somewhere to lay your head when out and about. Plenty of hot water & clean towels etc although the beds were a bit uncomfortable and the TV channel choice was limited...all in all very good and would recommend it.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay.,"Was not sure when we read some reports that this hotel would be ok?but we had a lovely stay and would go back.Rooms were large enough and lovely heated(weather was shocking and cold).Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and all the staff we came into contact with were very professional and friendly.Location was great with just a 10-15 min walk to Covent Gardens, Leicester Sq etc or if you wanted to tube then station is on your doorstep.Would definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1205-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Everything feels cheap and nasty - apart from the price,"This hotel was booked for me by my company at a pretty hefty price and I will make sure that I do not ever have to return here. On the positive side, the location is good with the Tube and several decent restaurants in the vicinity.  The room was also light and airy.  I encountered 2 friendly staff in the breakfast restaurant and one porter was also very nice. Everything else I absolutely hated. With the few notable exceptions above, staff were either surly or uninterested.  There is a seperate reception and porter's desk so you check in at the former and then have to queue all over again to get your key from the porter.  I got a twin room with 2 of the narrowest beds I can recall seeing anywhere.  Pillows were tired and thin.  The window seals were ineffective rendering the…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great time,"Having booked this hotel I then looked on Trip Advisor I was very apprehensive of giong to this hotel and even contemplated cancelling to a better hotel but thought I would give it a chance.  Well I must say I had nothing to worry about the hotel was just what I was looking for. Room was very clean, beds comfy, ith a flat screen tv.  As for some of the compliants regarding breakfast I think this was one of the better breakfasts I have had as the food was hot and fresh. Istayed in a 4star hotel in London in January and this was much better than that.  Location was perfect for getting around. Only 50yards from nearest tube station which got us where we wanted to go superbly",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Adequate,but not special","The Imperial is very large and a little impersonal. Receptionist unfriendly at check-in. We had emailed asking for a quiet room which she did allocate us. 8th floor not near the lifts, facing the back. The room was extremely hot on first entering but both a small side window and the larger window could be opened and so we managed to bring the temperature down, but would find it extremely uncomfortable in summer! Twin beds small, but comfortable,sheets,blankets and bedspread, one firm pillow, one soft. Flat screen tv, hairdryer,trouser press, small wardrobe,enough hangars for a short stay but no large drawer space, only little shelves.2 small bars of soap in bathroom, 2 small bottles of bath/shampoo, no small hand towels, 3 medium-sized bath towels.Not much choice at breakfast as…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The Tavistock is Better,"We have always been reasonably pleased with this hotel, but this stay was extremely disappointing.  We stayed in an 'executive room', which is only called an executive room because the room is bigger than the other rooms in the hotel with a bigger bathroom, and there is free Wi-Fi.  However, there were fairly small twin beds and no safety deposit box. They have a cheek to call it an 'executive room'.  My husband wanted to see the manager about the lack of a safety deposit box, but this was impossible, and led to a 'Fawlty Towers' - like tale.  The manager appears to be in hiding -  John filled out a form, but there was no sign of him.  There is a safety deposit box downstairs, but it costs a lot, and it is unavailable at night!  All of the European hotels - even 2-star ones -…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",About the hotel,We have been staying at the Imperial for the last twenty years.Admittedly before it was rather dull but in the last three years it has been refurbished to much better standers.The room has always  been clean and fairly comfortable.Breakfast is basic English-could be more imaginative staff a bit cold but helpful.Ideally situated near a tube station.Another good feature is night and day pub offering good reasonably good prices on beers and attractive offerings on food.There newly refurbished new Atrium is a pleasant and relaxing area.,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1210-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation ok / breakfast poor,An average hotel for central London but so much could be done to lift the place. Our room was clean and comfortable but room temperature control and a more modern TV and channels would improve things. Breakfast arrangements weren't good...in fact the food was poor e.g. rock hard eggs cooked previously and tasteless coffee..the list could go on. In the end we bought our breakfast out.,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cold and heartless,"The staff: seemed like they were working in a prison. Every time I asked for a taxi it seemed like it was such an effort for them. Not friendly. The room: cold. They provided extra blankets but I still had to keep all my layers on when in the room. Terrible heating. Tv was tiny. Bed was hard. It seemed just very 90's, it's screaming for an upgrade. The walls all have scuff marks on them, even up the hall on the way to the room. Room service: bad. The lady could hardly speak English and they didn't accommodate for what I wanted...which was simple...lasagne with vegetables. They only did lasagne with chips and garlic bread. How hard?? Breakfast: ok. Cramped seating and how hard is it to get a toaster? Who wants pre done toast that goes all soggy?  The wifi was turned off late at…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Well maintained, nice staff","Stayed here with my wife and son in an ""Executive Twin"" on the 3rd floor which had twin beds and a sofa bed for our son. It was actually a much nicer room than I expected with a large modern bathroom with twin sinks. It had one of the eccentric showers that others have mentioned. Beds were comfy and the room was warm but the windows are very draughty so we asked for extra blankets which house keeping dropped off for us. The whole hotel is clean, well cared for and well maintained but is dated..but it did not bother us. There were plenty of staff and they were all helpful and friendly. Free internet was fine in our room. Location is excellent with a good choice of cafes and coffee shops immediately outside the hotel (including Starbucks, Costa Coffee & Cafe Nero). A very nice…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Handy location,"I've stayed here a few times before when stuck for a place in London on short notice. Good value, perfect for a stopover. Breakfast was ok, plenty of it although the setting is always somewhat cramped. Overall lacks the polish of some of the 'premier' inns in London, but the location, cost and last minute availability make up for it.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The worse room ever...,"I would love to pay 5-10£ more to have a descent heating (i was freezing) , descent windows (air passed right through them), and a better bed ( i have never slept in a 0.95 m wide matrix in my life! Very annoying... ) The toilet was clean and the breakfast very good! It was by far the most ugly room i have ever stayed but in a convenient location for my business... Renovation please!!!",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1215-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient location good value for money,"We have stayed at the Imperial Hotel, London on three occasions as part of a Superbreak rail/hotel deal.  The location is the best feature, near to Russell Square underground and within walking distance of the British Museum and Charing Cross Road.  There are several restaurants nearby, mainly Italian but a couple of Indian and a French one.  This is a no frills hotel with fairly basic accommodation. suitable for those on a budget.  However, I couldn't fault the cleanliness of the room or the comfort of the beds; on this occasion we had quite a large room with a sofa included.  The bathroom was of a good standard too.  My main quibble with the hotel is the choice at breakfast time.  Basically it is a full English breakfast or nothing.  No croissants, cheese or ham or any bread…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly & helpfully staff. Great location,"Stayed for 8 nights with my husband& we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Imperial Hotel. The room was comfortable, very clean , providing everything necessary. The staff were friendly & helpful . Breakfast was great & my Gluten Free bread was easily available . All in all ,we'd definitely recommend the hotel & return ourselves when next in London.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,"I stayed in a single room at the Imperial and was impressed by how spacious it was. Although in need of a bit of refurbishment it was very clean and provided everything required for my one night stay. The best thing about this hotel is the level of service - often a gripe at large budget hotels. The staff at the Imperial are very helpful, courteous and pleasant. They replied quickly to an emailed query before my arrival, allocated a quiet room facing the courtyard as requested and resolved a slight complication with my booking - caused by me - very satisfactorily. Having the buffet breakfast included made it great value for money. I would stay here again. Only gripe would be having blankets on the bed. I'd prefer a light duvet. My friend thought they need to upgrade the teabags…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location friendly staff,Stayed for two nights with friends. Staff are very friendly and always willing to help. Location is excellent near to everything and just a few hundred yards from Russell Square tube. Rooms are a little small and far to warm. ( spent a long time trying to turn heating down) but nice and clean with everything you need. ,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good utilitarian hotel,"Stayed here one night following a day in London, in single room. Clean and cosy, bed comfortable, and quiet as looked out on to Courtyard rather than Russell Square.Bathroom smelt a little damp, due to poor ventilation. Staff friendly, polite and helpful.I liked the key on a rod, as I am very prone to loosing key cards! No frills but none needed. for this trip.Fair value at £90 including Breakfast.  Breakfast basic (no yoghurts, cheeses, croissants,etc and only apples for fresh fruit) which I would expect in a grade  of Hotel such as the Imperial. Toast served soggy and cold. I would stay again for a night, but possibly not for a family trip or for Romance!",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1220-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location..Location!,After our 6 nights stay we would stay here again...itis fine. There are of course criticisms as previously mentioned but overall no problem. We were travelling with Air Canada Vacations to return to the site of our meeting 51years ago ( Hyde Park..Speakers corner) My late Mother had stayed at the Old Imperial many times so we were there for nostalgic reasons.   If you want more pay for it! I must also say that the staff was courteous and pleasant and also that cleanliness was an obvious priority.....addendum...the Picadilly line is a 3 min walk away with direct line to Heathrow!,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Staff are incredibly rude and unhelpful,"I called this establishment to make a group booking, and was told by someone (presumably on reception as she hadn't forwarded me on) that they were not interested, if they were interested they would have responded and when asked if I could speak to someone there about it she hung up on me.  Thanks,, all I am trying to do is organise a booking!  They clearly do not want anyones custom, just relying on their central location. Woe betide anyone who stays there.",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Frayed at the edges,"This 'family-run' hotel needs to pull itself out of the 20th century.  It really is like going back in time  The staff are friendly enough (especially the lovely night porter, Ron, who was lovely and entertaining) but the whole fabric of the hotel is dated, tired and badly in need on love and attention.  The room was clean enough but drab, the bed uncomfortable.  But worst of all, as a woman on my own, I did not feel secure in the room as the lock was dodgy and there was only a flimsy bolt for internal security on the door.   The breakfast was OK made all the more interesting by the grandly dressed waiters.  Like I said, all a bit last century (but not in a quaint way).  Location-wise, very good. Close to St. Pancras/King's Cross/Bloomsbury.  Value for money?  Not so good, you…",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very helpful porter,"Room was tidy, bathroom had some mould growing on the ceiling, probably due to a leak from the room above. Management need to invest in some new towels. The bath/shower towels we were provided with were not much bigger than a hand towel and so thin. There was no obvious control on the central heating system so slept with window open, however in the early hours I could hear a guy talking on his mobile across the courtyard, outside the casino. The porter I spoke with was very helpful and provided me with a customer complaints form.  I have received a reply from the Hotel, but not iall the issues were addressed. On a high note, the dining room was in stark contract to the bedrooms by way of decor and the breakfast very acceptable.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable price and quality value,"If you want to chose a hotel for reasonable price, this can be a good option in London for the value you get. The reception and breakfast service people are very helpful. The room is OK, we got a family room and it is fine. The price included wifi in the room. The bathroom ventilation is not ok only, but the room was clean. On Sunday morning housekeeping could be more patient with those guests who are not leaving, we could have also used the do not disturb sign. English breakfast was fine.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1225-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean comfortable and great value!,"Our group of 4 (aged between 22 and 48) stayed in 2 twin rooms as part of a superbreak deal from edinburgh. The hotel was clean, comfy beds and a great location. It's walking distance from kings cross station, Oxford street and covent garden. I've read some of the other reviews of the hotel and would say that anyone complaining clearly expects too much from a 3 star hotel. If you want luxury then pay more! Yes the decor is a wee bit tired but its a great base from which to explore London. If you'd like a quiet room then ask, ours had some traffic noise but lovely views over russell square. breakfast was also really good  and we found all the staff helpful.  We'd all definitely stay here again. Our weekend was £158 per person which included return rail travel from edinburgh and 2…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Modern hotel,"Stayed here for 3 nights on Contiki in a twin single room with a friend. Hotel is very modern and clean. Key system is annoying though as there is only one key per room attached to a large metal stick so you have to check in your key whenever you leave and carry your room receipt with you to get it back.  Room was spacious enough to fit our luggage. The room overlooked the hotel entrance (I can't remember the room number). Beds were positioned about 1 meter apart, separated with a bedside table and were comfortable to sleep in. Power points were only available on the desk so you couldn't charge devices next to you. Our room had it's toilet in a separate ensuite to the ensuite with the shower and vanity.  Room was serviced everyday.  Decent breakfast selection though the servers…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well located average,"The view from the hotel room was nice with a small park and old buildings. Also the location is good. The hotel building is in a walking distance from many sites to visit and only a couple of minutes walk from the train station (underground) to move further. You can easily get here from Heathrow by train (subway) without any changes so that is a pleasant surprise when carrying big luggage.  I stayed on the 8th Floor. The traffic noise was a bit bad and the windows of the hotel do not prevent the noise. If you want the room to be quiet and plan to use the nights for sleeping, I recommend to have ear plugs with you. You might perhaps want to know beforehand that almost all voices from the room can be heard in the hallway, too, and partly through the walls.  The bathroom and toilet…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good price ,very well located","The hotel is really well located, close to the Russel Square tube station of the Picadilly Line (the same line that goes to Heathrow), so you can get there with all your luggage without having to change lines. It's close to a lot of restaurants, and you can walk to Covent Garden and the Camden Market in 15 to 20 minutes. Again, being close to the tube station allows you to get to every interesting part of the city in about 10 minutes. The room is really clean and overlooks the Russel Square, and it has tea and coffee machines. The breakfast is really good too. The only ""odd"" thing would be the keyring, which is a really long metal rod. You have to leave it at the hotel, so there is no need to carry it around, but it is still annoying. But that's only a minor issue, I really…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location from Heathrow,The Hotel is situated 2 minutes walk frrom Russel Square Underground station. Trains from Heathrow airport run directly so it is very convenient even with luggage. The rooms are small but ok. Howver the bathrooms really need upgrading. Hot water and cold water taps in the basin are seperate and it is very inconvenient in winter. The bathing area is so small that you have to stand upright and have a shower. The breakfast menu has not changed in years. Staying for a week makes it extremely monotonous to eat exactly the same menu day after day.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1230-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Conveniently located,"I stayed here on the weekend of 26/27 January as part of a theatre break booked through Superbreak. The hotel is suitated about 2 minutes walk from Russell Square tube. This is on the Picadilly line, one stop from Kings Cross and only about 3 or 4 stops from Liecester Square and Picadilly Circus so perfect for theatre breaks.   I arrived around 5:30 after doing some sightseeing first. At Russell Square tube station, you need to take the lift to the street as there are 175 stairs that are only recommended in an emergency.  As you come out the tube, you turn left and left again where you will see the President hotel in front of you, the Imperial is next to it.  Check in was very efficient and yes, the key ring is a metal rod about the thickness of a pencil and about a foot long.…",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good breakfast. Ok room,"I stayed for six days in a single room of this hotel. Its an expensive one, mainly because of being in central London. The single rooms aren't that great. The view from the room was dull buildings and construction work. The room had less space. But was clean. Room service and house keeping were prompt. Bathroom was clean with bath tub and hot water supply. The funniest part was this HUGE key that is probably like a ""key chain"" for small room key. Very clumsy to carry! But the best part was complementary breakfast! Full course english breakfast with juices and fruits and prompt service by staff in the restaurant was really nice. All in all, a little expensive but considering its location , a decent option. The double rooms, I have heard is nice and spacious.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable value for money,"The hotel is situated in a good location for the West End and The British Museum.The rooms at the front of the hotel are a little noisy (traffic) if the windows are open.Breakfast is buffet style and very good and there is service with a smile.Only problem is, if you run a bath keep your eye on it otherwise it overflows!!",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average room","If you want to stay in an inexpensive hotel with 1 or 2 people traveling, this is an excellent choice. I stayed 2 nights in a single room prior to a Contiki tour. I actually paid for a shared accommodation the second night, but they let me stay in the single room free of charge which was nice. It was a basic room with with little frills (Honestly, all I did was sleep in the room, it was all I needed). The location was great. It was around the corner from the Russell Square tube station, walking distance to from the British Museum. I could easily get anywhere in the city within 30 mins or less at all times of the day. There was a grocery store around the corner, which was very convenient as I could buy fruit or other small snacks at inexpensively.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Well Placed and Good Value,"A typical sixties built large hotel block adjacent to Russell Square. The quality of the room was really very good given the price. Breakfast is included and given that the breakfast room is enormous the service was fast and efficient. It has a well located bar overlooking the Square, the underground station is about 800 metres from the hotel. I think this hotel represents good value for Central London.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1235-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but convenient,"Hotel is now looking tired and could do with a makeover,however it is cheap and convenient. Front rooms facing made rd can be noisy. Breakfast buffet good and more than adequate. Area is convenient with good access to west end and sights also various restaurants within <2min walk.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value,"Four night stay at the Imperial, checked in on the Friday after Christmas and left Tuesday, New Year's morning. We were in an Executive Twin room, highly recommend this type of room for couples, there's lots of space for luggage, a small sofa and coffee table in front of the flat screen tv and additional seating.  A large desk can hold lots of bits and bobs as well as a kettle and cups for coffee or tea. Two large windows overlook the courtyard at the front entrance to the hotel. Long heavy curtains can be drawn over the windows to block light and noise. All in all a very comfortable space to settle in and relax.  The bathroom is clean, spacious and modern, shower power is pleasantly invigorating, plenty of towels, soaps, body wash. Climbing into the tub requires just that, a…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in a great location,"Pretty basic room- what you would expect from the price. The beds are really uncomfortable though, a bit unbearable after a few days. The location is really good though, a 5min walk from Russel Square Tube station and a ￡5 cab ride from Kings Cross/St. Pancras train station.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Won't be going back...,"Whilst we weren't expecting luxury we were expecting a basic level of comfort and convenience for our one night stay.  Had we been staying longer we would almost certainly have moved hotels.  The convenience comes from a location close to both the piccadilly and central lines and the West End.  The comfort was however unfortunately lacking.  The bathroom taps in our room were fitted too far away from the sink which meant that unless the taps were turned on full, the water would pour onto the bathroom surface - the unfortunate result (with children) being that the bathroom flooded within 10 minutes of us arriving.   The rooms were not soundproofed which meant that the constant noise of traffic, sirens and shouting throughout the night wasn't conducive to a good nights sleep -…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would Stay Again,"Stayed for three nights. Reception was very helpful, as well as the housekeeping service. Our room was ready and clean when we arrived - including LED TV, comfortable bathtub, clothes ironing machine, tea maker etc. Actually, nothing to complain about. Breakfast was excellent, healthily varied! Waiters were very prestative!",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1240-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"Stayed for just one night.  Reception was very good and our room was ready even though it was before noon when we arrived.  Room clean and looked as if it had been updated.  Breakfast very good and plenty of choice and waiter service good, Overall would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",There are better places to stay in London for less,This is the second time I stayed in imperial hotel and both times I felt it was over-priced. There are great places to stay on Sussex Garden that are the same price and provide better service.  When checking in the receptionist seemed to hate that we were bothering her. We then had to step to the side 6 meters to then ask for the key to our room. It seems odd to do this and ask another person for our key when it is just as close to the woman checking us in. While there were not other customers in line.  This isn't where the weirdness ended though. When I got to my room I found that the internet needed a password which I wasn't supplied on my card. I called the receptionist and was transferred to the internet specialist who told me the password was too complicated to give over…,Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",3rd visit and will be back again....,"Having stopped in other hotels in London at similar prices, both me and my partner agree this is the best we have stopped in so far. Thoroughly clean room, tasty breakfast with plenty of choice and excellent waiter service. Room to a very good standard, although this time we were put in a top floor room and despite extra blankets on the bed this room was very chilly. Apart from this another very pleasant visit at this hotel and after 3 visits we would be more than happy to return.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good blend of location and value,"When judged by London standards, its spacious and cheap. It therefore represents good value! (That is, the rooms are pretty small and it costs a bit when viewed against just about any other city in the world).  The included breakfast is great, but the location is superb. Just around the corner is the Russel Square tube station - wait in line for the elevator to street level; DO NOT walk up the stairs if you have luggage.  On many packages, dinner is included on your first night. That leave a bit to be desired in the Saracen Restaurant where service with a grimace is the order of the day.  All in all, it's a good location with adequate rooms at the right price.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good stopover,"Good for a quick stop. Very good food. Attentive service at breakfast. Room basic would have liked more tea coffee and milk for more than one small cup, and a shower cap in the bathroom where there were shower facilities.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1245-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Served the purpose,"First impressions are important, mine was not a good one.  I had to stand around in the lobby waiting to be served as a male and female front office staff engaged in a rather long snuggle behind the front desk. It is certainly well located, easily reachable by the tube from Heathrow, though if you do have luggage and want to use the tube, do not get off at Russel Square as there is an unavoidable flight of stairs.  It is in Central London, and is a walk away from St Pancras, the national and international train station.  Breakfast was good.  Though I got the impression that if anyone had ever really cared about what was going on at the Imperial, they were gone.  At times the service was impersonal, indifferent.  At other times it was very good, the staff helped me to arrange a…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good business hotel,"I stayed here for one night on business.  It was in a good position, was good value for money and the room was perfectly adequate, clean and comfortable.  Breakfast could have been better but for the price it was acceptable.  I'd certainly stay here again",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fairly cheap central London  hotel but would not recommend,"Stayed  with  of 4 work colleagues  in 4 separate rooms all commented on the same issues After  2 nights which was planned  to be 4 moved we all   moved to a different hotel due to lack of sleep Hotel is showing its age like going back to the 70/ 80s , Far too much road noise in bedrooms with no double glazing. Both beds in the room I stayed had  a  mattress that had seen much better days with being lumpy and a dip in the middle. Heating control on radiator is  a joke its either full  on or totally off  Shower was very powerful but not thermostatically controlled so was concerned of scalding  Food basic but fairly good value . Bar prices good for London  Would not return to this hotel",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Business,"My second review of this hotel. It;s just excellent value for a Central London hotel. Possibly a little dated but easy to get to, Central location,rooms spartan but clean and warm If you like a quiet drink use the little known ""Barbarella's"" (Upstairs) as opposed to the  noisier ""Night and Day bar"" Just a very good value hotel, no frills,no gimmicks but just as important,no complaints",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous views over Russell Square.,"We stayed on the eighth floor which had fabulous views over Russell Square. The hotel was better than expected, and at £99 for two, including a cooked breakfast, was excellent value. It is within walking distance of Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston, and also close to the British Museum. We saw War Horse at night, and this was also near enough to walk back to the hotel. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1250-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Okay I guess,"Alright my First trip to the UK I was greeted by staff whose attitude could do with a fix up that's for sure. Not impressed as it was my first time solo in London to be greeted by depressed looking staff who look like they hate their jobs. The key with the long stick was weird! Go to my room, AVERAGE. Bed, Table, TV and Bathroom all clean. Telephone to call out instead of reception does not work, at least my phone didn't. Had to use the public phone down in reception which mind you doesn't last long for a phone call even though it took up all my money. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is nice and central.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location But,"Just an average Hotel but central location to Museum, Russell Square Station and Buses just about at the front door. Dinner etc are from the President Hotel interconnect through the main lounge bar. Rooms are average to good size stayed on 2 separate occasions for a total of 6 nights. Convenient to leave large cases  for a nominal fee whilst we went via Euro Star to Paris for a few days.Staff and rooms good but nothing special. Breakfast buffet is in the dinning room located on the first floor and was included in our tariff.A short walk around to Russell Square Station and right opposite The Brunswick Centre where several great little restaurants, Drug store etc",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, clean and comfortable and good breakfast",This hotel is in Russell Square and we were pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was for the cost. Nice apparently newly re-furbished room with wc separate from bath and washbasin. Spacious and clean. Bedlinen changed every day. Only thing that could have been better was the quality of the towels but they were clean although not very fluffy or large. All in all I would thoroughly recommend a stay here and an easy walk from Kings Cross Station.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel but noisey and slightly tired decor in places,This hotel is OK.  Staff were good. The single room was very small.  The room I had was at the back and at about 6am I was awoken to huge bangs and crashes which I think was the delivery lorries arriving at the back. Breakfast was OK. The mattress was very poor quality. The room was clean  as was the hotel overall. Much better than the Hotel President next door. Great location and good value for money.,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellent,"Booked rail ticket and hotel through Superbreaks/Thomas Cook. Walked to Hotel from Euston approx 15 mins. Had booked a room as i was visiting my son. Asked at the hotel if we could have a room upgrade. This was done with no problem and we got an executive room (246). Check in was very friendly and helpful. Free wifi in the room which worked. Room was two singles. tv , hair dryer., sofa. nice view. Bathroom usual toiletries and towels. Shower worked well. We had gone to the theatre and got back 11.00ish. hoping for room service but that was ended. our problem not their fault. Breakfast excellent. cereals, fruit, juice, coffee and full english with toast. Good service. Went to covent garden so checked out and left our bags. this cost 50p per bag. Would not hesitate to recommend…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1255-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Very reasonably priced, clean and functional - would definitely go again","Was pleasantly surprised as this wasn't my choice but joined a colleague who had already booked.  She had a single room (tiny) but I opted for the Exec.  Loads of room two windows small seating area.  Tea and coffee, plenty of soap, shower gel, shampoo and towels (bit small and thin but really clean). Overlooked the lovely courtyard and was very quiet.  Radiators very efficient and made it really cosy (in Nov).  Shower in bath with hand held shower which slots on to bar so adequate with shower curtain  Water lovely and warm.   Didn't have time to sample breakfast.    Location is great - I would recommend walking down to Holborn Station (about 7 minutes) which then gives you the Central and Piccadilly Lines rather than bother with Russell Square tube.  Just be aware there is no…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Sleep I Have Ever Had,"I stayed here for 3 nights of a business trip.  The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly but could be difficult to understand at times. The main issue was the noise coming from the passing traffic. Sirens on and off throughout the night kept waking me up. I asked to change rooms and i was told that the hotel was full. Fair enough i thought so i brought some ear plugs, which helped a bit but not much.",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and friendly,"I've stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during the WTM (travel exhibition) 2012. First I booked the Holiday Inn bloomsbury, but then I realized I can save 300gbp if I take the Imperial (100gbp less per night). This was my first time to this property and I read a few reviews and knewed what to expect.   The hotel itself located very close to Russel sq. underground station (the Piccadilly line) so it's very comfortable to people coming from Heathrow Airport (The piccadilly line starts from Heathrow to Cockfosters). Check-in was quick and the staff was very friendly and helpful. It's funny that the hotel still use the old keys, so any time you go out you need to give the key to the porters. The room was simple and clean and it faced to the Russel park, Please note that there is no…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I was unsure what to expect but most things were ok thankfully.The hotel is in a good location, not far from the shops or the theatre. The reception was clean and inviting, the staff were friendly & helpful, and the breakfast was good value. The rooms were clean & warm but unfortunately we had a room near the road which was busy all night so the traffic kept us awake but if I returned I would book a room away from the road",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great weekend break in a great location...,"I travelled to London on the 25th October for a 3 night shopping/sightseeing break with my Mum for our special birthdays this year. We had a prompt check in at the hotel & given a room on the 8th floor facing on to the main entrance of the hotel, which is actually at the side of the building. The view wasnt much to look at - mainly buildings & office blocks, but we were thankful not to have a room facing the main road as this area was very busy & noisy. The room itself was decent - two twin beds, a flat screen tv, a large dressing table & chair, a toilet room and a bathroom opposite.  The beds were comfortable & cosy and the maid changed our towels etc everyday.  The dining room for breakfast was nicely decorated and the breakfast choice was great - bacon, sausage, eggs, toast,…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1260-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would use again,"The hotel is easy to get to by tube, the nearest station being Russell Square. You can get into the Imperial Hotel thru the President Hotels front entrance and heading towards the check in desk and going thru the doors into the bar area of the Imperial Hotel, though the doors are only open only during the day. We found this easy for quick tube access. You can also use the main front entrance of the Imperial Hotel, which you will find behind the President. It is also not a long walk to the theatres, Covent Garden and the West End, perfect for if you are out toO late for the last tube back. We walked back in the early hours both nites.  The hotel was clean and the staff friendly. The room had new carpet and a new bathroom. The only thing that slightly let it down were the look of…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",3rd Visit - 5 night stay,"This is my 3rd time at the Imperial. A good standard 3* hotel, friendly staff, large quiet reception area, nice and clean everywhere, comfy beds, very warm rooms, good cooked breakfast, good value and quick room service. Excellent location for Kings Cross, Euston, Oxford Street, Covant Garden, Trafalgar Square and theatreland. Wi-fi is available but slow, otherwise no complaints. A high up room overlooking the courtyard should ensure a quiet night.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Imperial Hotel Russell Square, LOndon","We live in the US, and travel to the UK every year, staying a few days in a London Hotel. We have now stayed at the Imperial 3 times, each for 2 / 3 days. By American standards its not great, but by London standards it's very good value for money. It looks a bit dated, and tired externally, but is very clean, has great views over Russell Square from the front of the hotel. The reception is well organized. It has good TV , WiFI and tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms. We tried the breakfast for the first time this trip (included in the price). We didn't expect much, but it was excellent, with great service from a very enthusiastic team organized by a couple of very efficient overseers.  If you stay here much sure you try it.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Its all about the location!,Just got back from a wonderful 2 night break in London did everything I wanted to and the hotel was just a five minute walk from Euston station and 2 minutes walking distance from Russell Square tube also the hop on hop off sightseeing bus leaves just up the road outside the sister hotel Royal National so for location it is spot on! The hotel itself wasn't great. Lacked charm and character - the system with the keys is very old fashioned (you have to hand them in each time you go out!). I had booked a single room and it reminded me of a bed sit. The bathroom was a decent size and good wardrobe space but my bed was tiny and soooo uncomfortable. The walls were paper thin and I could hear everytime somebody moved next door. Breakfast was included in my rate but I decided against it…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would definitely recommend this hotel,"Stayed for the weekend with my sisters and aunt.  Wasn't sure what to expect as some reviews weren't very good for this hotel.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  Don't know if they have carried out any refurbishment or not but the reception was lovely and clean, bedrooms looked recently decorated and newly carpeted.  Duvet covers could be doing with modernising though!  Staff were always pleasant, courteous and helpful.  Cannot find much fault at all.  Great location for the price.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1265-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"I have stayed in the hotel for 4 days sharing a room with a friend. The location is good and the hotel could have been a very good one. However, it misses several crucial things: 1) NO or VERY slow internet WIFI. My friend and I could not get any WIFI signal in our room. Even in the lobby, the signal is very poor. 2) No ventilation in the bathroom. 3) VERY NOISY if your room is facing the street, even in the middle of the nights. 4) VERY rude and unprofessional staffs. The staffs are very impatient and unfriendly. They first insisted that their WIFI is perfect and refused to send someone to check the reception in our room. Then they wanted to charge 50 pounds for any assist they could offer for the service which was FREE (WIFI). Both my friend and I have engineering degrees and…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Will definately stay again!,"This hotel is great value for money and in a perfect location, Russell Square underground is just round the corner (Piccadilly line), 12min walk Euston Station (£4 taxi).  British Museum 4 min walk. Tesco metro opp underground.   Booked a single and a twin with a cot and requested a high floor overlooking the courtyard (less noise) and if possible the rooms near each other.    Reception staff were very friendly and allowed us to check in early as the rooms were ready.  Was pleasantly surprised to find our rooms were right next door to each other on the 7th floor overlooking the courtyard (745,746 i think). Could even see the BT tower.  Both rooms were very clean and modern, twin was spacious and had a double and a single bed with plenty room for the cot. No complaints with the…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break with the girls,"Hotel is central and in walking distance of tube, buses, shops and restaurants. Hotel is very clean and well equipped. Beds are very comfortable and en suite facilities had bath and shower. Breakfasts were buffet service and had good choice of cooked foods, cereals and fruits. Excellent waiter service for tea and coffees.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location...","It's fine.For central London, you get a decent (ish) sized room with cupboard space, tea/coffee facilities.The Ritz it is not, but it's more than OK.... Blankets on beds, windows that open; no air conditioning so I wouldn't use it in the summer months...;It's clean. Separate toilet (no washbasin) and a separate bathroom (bath, shower over bath). Plenty hot water too... The location is perfect for buses and the tube (subway). Get a map of the buses, use an app to download times at nearest stops and you are away............... Breakfasts are OK. A buffet of sorts; some fresh fruit, although tinned stuff is prevalent; porridge always on offer, tired fried eggs and bacon Service is excellent from restaurant staff, front desk and porters... Go for it, for the price...Check special…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",What you would expect,"I found the Imperial to be exactly what I expected for the price.  The location was great for tours - close to the Underground Station, close to the 'Hop on, hop off' Big Bus Tours, normal buses and taxi's everywhere out the front etc.. The room suited my needs (a bed and bathroom really!) and I would stay here again for a short stay (probably max. of 4 nights).",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1270-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not Accessible,"We booked a wheelchair accessible room that turned out to be by no means accessible, when I talked to the manager he tried waffling to me that the place was a compliant with accessibility standards and they wrote to me to iterate the same but no matter how many times they say it, you couldn't get a wheelchair in the toilet and I also checked the London council requirements and it did not meet those, can't stand BS.....Don't go near the place.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Expect better from a London Hotel,"This was my 2nd visit to this hotel. The 1st back in July was for pleasure and most recentlyI stayed for business. Both times I was disappointed by the standard of the rooms. Very basic and in desperate need of a refresh. Everything from the corridors, to the room doors to the decor looks like something out of the shining. This is NOT the cheapest hotel in London so anyone who suggests that you get what you pay for is not really being honest to themselves. If however you don't care about the decor and it's ""just a place to put your head for the night"" then let me just say that on both stays I slept little more than a couple of hours due to the noise of traffic, people and sirens from the main road. I have stayed on the 5th and 3rd floors but I might aswell have been on the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very accommodating,"The Imperial does what it says on the box. If you are looking for a value hotel with clean rooms and good service, this is a good one. Spent 3 nights here celebrating my wedding. Prior to arrival I asked about flowers and was told they couldn't guarantee colours. However I asked for some colours, if possible, and the arrangement contained them and an excellent arrangement.  Breakfast is simple but is adequate.  If you want a bigger selection, try another hotel that charges £15 per person for it!  Can't really fault it. I think a bargain. My only critisism is that they need to purchase some super king sheets for the bed as I woke everyday enveloped in the sheets! ",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A much better experience second time around,"I've just returned from a business trip and stayed at the imperial for one night. To be honest I was dreading it as the last time I stayed here I was in a room that resembled a cell! I was delighted this time around when I discovered my room was a twin room, not a single and it was fairly spacious; I would say three times the size of the room I had before plus it had a great view over Russell square. It's not modern really in any respect, apart from the flat screen tv, but the room was clean and comfortable. To be honest the rooms would need massively overhauled; they are simply dated with faded pictures on the walls, unsightly wallpaper and naff bedding. The pillows were also the thinnest I've ever slept on! But to be honest, London is the sort of place where you just need a…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Much Better Than Expected,"We are just back from the Imperial Hotel after a 3 night stay. we had an excecutive room on the 5th floor and it was excellent. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was large and very well finished with a very powerful shower. The room itself was large with a sitting area, LCD tv and a good supply of tea and coffee. Breakfast was alright with a selection of cereals, toast and a cooked breakfast if you wanted one. The drinks in the bars at night were a good price for central London. After reading some of the reviews before we went, we were a wee bit worried about what we had booked, but we found the hotel to be very good and can't really think of any bad points.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1275-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Fine,"My friend and I booked a three night stay in London through Thomas Cook.  We had stayed at the Bedford Hotel, which is owned by the same people as the Imperial Hotel but this time there was no room for us and so we were sent to the Imperial over the road.  The staff were very helpful.  Our room had just been refurbished and was large and comfortable.  The corridors were a bit dingy though.  The breakfast was very good.  The hotel is in a good location and has a lot going for it.  Our deal through Thomas Cook was good value.  We had a great time.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent transit post,We stayed at this hotel for one night at either end of a European tour.The room was clean and the beds comfortable enough for 1 night. Linen clean. The only criticism would be the heating turned up full wellie but opening the windows and turning off the radiator soon sorted that.  The bar meal in the evening was good and breakfast outstanding. Very helpful staff.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It was very good location,"I took executive room so I had a very big batheroom. The beds are not comfterbull but was ok. Very good service, and nice bar. It gives good value for the money. And the tube is about 1minute of walking",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",review,The Imperial Hotel is very nice one. The location is very good. The breakfast is good full english breakfast. The room was clean and good view from the windows. Although it was cold at night. Wi fi connection was alright.,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pay for what you get,"I booked this room originally as I was going on a Contiki tour and plus they say this is the nicer hotel between the Royal National. The room is OK. Nothing special. It is clean when you walk in but upon further inspection the sheets have stains on them and so did the linens. I know that they have been washed but you would think that the staff could clearly see a stain while they were making the bed.   The breakfast served is good - eggs, toast, meats and beans. It's a meal that gets you going in the morning. I'm not sure if I would stay here again but you get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1280-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for.,"My college friends and I where invited on college trip to visit all the ""media"" based sites in London, this was in February 2011, which was a good while ago. I am planning on going back to London for Christmas shopping and was looking for some form of budget hotel.   THE ROOM- The room was clean enough, nothing special. I did think I could have been doing with thicker blankets as they were very thin and I got very cold in the evening. We did get a noise complaint to our room as ours was the one everyone decided to drink in. Which frankly annoyed me, it seemed everyone in the hotel where students, so for us to get a complaint was very annoying. Even more so that we didn't even have music on! The windows didn't fully open either and there was no mats in the toilet which meant me…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A very good 3* London Hotel,"We originally stayed at the sister hotel President but only stayed 1 night as it was awful!!! Reception arranged for us to move next door to the Imperial Hotel (flagship) at no extra cost.  It was like another world!!! Although 3*, it was a very very good one. Got a large triple room (3 proper beds, not a camp bed). It was clean, airy & bright with large windows & en suite facilities.  Breakfast room was fantastic, waiter service to table & for tea & coffee but self service for food.  Good amenities in a central location in the heart of Russell Square, ideal for all the London sights.  Would definitely return & recommend to others. ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Still A Good Value - Location Is Key,"It has been five years since my last review of this property, and because I have stayed there several times in the intervening period (usually for only one or two nights at a time at the front- or tail-end of a longer journey elsewhere in Europe), I thought I would briefly update my earlier review.  The Imperial Hotel is a basic tourist-style hotel that offers clean rooms at a competitive (for London) price.  Multiple elevators serve eight or nine floors, housekeeping is competent, and the breakfast spread is more than adequate to get you off and running for the day.  True, rooms facing the street and Russell Square just opposite are not as well insulated from the street noise as most visitors would like, but I have never found this to be a great distraction from getting a…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"After reading the other  reviews,i can only agree with them. When you arrive you are greeted by a large marble reception area with a huge chandelier and a modern bar area..........then the 'fun"" starts.You are greeted by a poor English speaking front desk clerk,who after checking you in points you in the direction of the concierge to get your room key.The poor English speaking concierge then issues you with your key-if you do not understand what they say,they merely point at a pictogram and pre printed sentences!!!!!!! Taking the highly polished lift to your floor and what do you see when the doors open......the 1980's.  In the rooms the windows are steel framed single glass ones-from the 1970's which were removed from council houses years ago.......so it is VERY noisy in your…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I've stayed in nicer hostels,"As the title suggests I was not impressed by this hotel. I booked it through Qantas travel which listed it as a 3 star venue. Clearly it is not 3 stars and is in dire need of a renovation both inside and out.  What you get for about AU$150 per night:  * Rude staff - They have a take it or leave it attitude and prefer their personal conversations over actually giving you assistance. * A room key with a 30 cm long piece of metal attached - first time ever in many countries I have ever seen anything like this. Is is something that really needs to be changed. You are also required to hand your key in each time you leave the hotel and then line up and show the porter a piece of paper to get the key back. * A small room with a small bed - I had a room on the 7th floor, to be kind it…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1285-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location- terrible beds,"I felt like I walked into my old college dorm room when I entered the room.  I didn't really mind the space as it was just for me.  The room was clean, so no issues there.  But the beds were like rocks!!  I'm not very picky but these were really rough.      The area seems safe, as a solo female I felt fine walking down the block to go to the store at night.  The Grand National Hotel down the road seemed busy at all hours with tourists arriving. I thought reception was nice and the breakfast was ok (though I'm not into boiled beans and tomatoes with my eggs).  Also, the night and day bar really should be used as just a bar- get dinner elsewhere.   If you are on a budget and want a place with a good location I would go ahead.  If you are an insomniac like me and have trouble…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Really disappointed,"Nice and close to the tube and easy to find, on arriving in our room I was suprised to find a fleece like blanket and sheet (no quilt) and horrid patterned bedspreads. the room was clean but had no double glazing and although we were on the eighth floor the traffic noise was awful. The noise kept up all night, it seemed to be on the main route for police and ambulance sirens. On going for breakfast we found  the food to be cold and there was a lack of choice ie; no hash browns, mushrooms, fried bread etc. on the second day I decided to have a bacon roll, the bread was so stale it was inedible so I gave up and we ate out. And a really strange key on a pole.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","I've stayed in better hostels than this ""hotel""","Like other people have said, the only thing in this ""hotels"" favour is its location. The staff are surly and rude, the room was shabby and well past its time for a refurb., the breakfast was even worse than the food we got served at school! (And thats saying something). On arriving, we found the room to be boiling hot as the radiators were turned up to the max. I couldn't turn the dial, so politely asked a porter if he could turn it for me......I was shocked and taken aback to be met with a tirade of abuse which included his life story and about how he didn't know anything about heaters as they didn't have them in the country he came from!!! Er, ok, but whats that got to do with the turning of a dial?  On entering the Cafe, someone asked if it was table service or order at the…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed,This hotel is not worth the cost of staying ionn it. When you arrive you are met by computers to check in with. What a waste of time.  You have to have one of the staff check you in on the computer any way so they might as well just have a front desk like any normal hotel.  The room was very modern and clean except for the tub which had hair from some pervious tennant. For the price($119.00 CDN) I think they could afford to give you some free soap and shampoo in the bathroom. The restaurant down stairs is a joke! We went down for dinner at 6:45 and waited a hour and a half for our starters. We finally finished our meal at 9:00 PM and that was only because we ordered our dessert to go and took it up to our room. THere was a family sitting at a table near us with two small…,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good value break,"I have just spent a 5 day break at the Imperial and found the location very good for underground,buses & tour buses. A couple of the staff on the reception could have been more pleasant but on the whole most were nice.You were well looked after at breakfast with a good choice of food.Really enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1290-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel.,"Did not know what to expect after reading mixed reviews! On arrival had speedy check in with minumum fuss. Room 533 overlooking other parts of Hotel but OK. Room nice and clean, everthing in its place and a place for everthing. Plenty of space for clothes for a short stay. We had booked two nights which included a free, three course meal at a number of other Imperial Hotels in the area, but not where we were staying?. We ate at Popadum Express at the Royal National Hotel nearby. I like Bufffet style meals but in this case I would have chosen else where had I known the food would be a COLD Buffett.  We paid £280.00 for two nights in ""Executive"" Twin which for Central London is expected but will shop around in future,",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location is what kept us there....,"We were booked at this hotel for 4 nights.  Here are the pros and cons:  PRO:   Location:  just a block off the Russell Square tube stop on Picadilly Line Desk staff:  helpful and nice.  We asked for extra pillows and not only got them, but someone from reception called to make sure we had enough. Breakfast included in price: on a budget?  This is a nice touch  CONS: Beds:  the bed in our room was TERRIBLE.  It was extremely hard causing us to wake up with stiff backs each night.   Breakfast:  while it is included, it is the same thing each morning (ham/bacon, sausage, beans, fried eggs with hard yolks, tomatoes, oatmeal, canned fruit, cereals) and often was served cold.  The ""English Breakfast"" is a tourist thing I'm sure....but fresh fruit would be nice (not canned). …",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than we expected!,"We stayed here for a few nights before a Contiki trip and enjoyed it. We booked through Contiki and got a special rate (no breakast included) so it was very affordable for London. The location was great, right near the subway (Picadilly Line - will take you right to Heathrow) and right across the street from the park in Russell Square. A quick walk or subway to the Covent Garden area. Lots of shops and restaurants within a short walk. The room was much nicer than we expected, we had two twin beds that were pretty comfortable. The bathroom was recently updated and the free wifi worked well. We had a room overlooking the inner courtyard, it was a little bit noisy from the hotel casino but not too bad. The giant key was a bit funny but we got used to it. We had read some bad…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",the last visit ever,"My wife and I have been going to this hotel in Russell Square for several years and we have watched this hotel deteriorate for several years, the four day trip this month is definitely our last, prices going up and the place is far from three star quality. Although bedding was changed every day the mattress were of the worst we ever experienced as for the breakfast we just had the toast and tea everything else was overcooked    the quality of the food is an embarrassment, the location of the hotel is very good, some of the staff are very helpful, how the tourist industry in London allow this to continue is questionable.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Still offers a good value, inspite of the traiff leap","In mid September 2012 I stayed at the Imperial for three nights. It was exactly a year after my previous stay which inspired me to write a review titled ""Best Value for Money"". So what has changed since 2011? The tariff has increased to 90GBP from 84. Additionally, the breakfast has diminished into a little bit more than continental breakfast. Other than that, it's the same cosy, familiar hotel located strategically spot on the Piccadilly Line station. When I booked online, I requested my regular room at the 9th floor. The hotel honored my request and reserved that very room for me. It's a single room with a cupboard, flat screen tv, a desk, an en suite show+wc, a single bed, radiator, a trousers press and tea and coffee making facilities. No big surprises here but I noticed…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1295-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Bad Bad Bad,"We reserved this hotel through Superbreaks based in York. On arrival we found ourselves checked into rooms which had not been serviced and still had the dirty soiled sheets and towels from previous occupants. Housekeeping where keen to stop us going back to reception and told us to deposit the luggage into the wardrobes and go out!. On our final night we returned at 10.30pm to find the bedroom bouncing to the noise of a hotel disco with Bass levels to make you go insane. I phoned down to reception who informed me that they had many complaints and had already asked their DJ to turn it down. They assured me that at 12 midnight it would stop.At 12.30AM it was still drumming , I dressed with the intention of going down to reception and at that point it ceased. The next morning I…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Quite dirty,Great location. Good price for such location. Free wifi.  But the towel and bedsheets look greyish and you can see loose hairs in the bath tub.  The spring of the mattress is no longer spring-ee. Feel dirty so finally switch to another hotel.,Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty towers,"Good Points: The lobby is nice, the location is excellent and the waiting staff in the dining room were friendly, breakfast was reasonable also.  Bad Points: When I arrived to book in, the extremely unhelpful reception staff told me I didn't have a reservation!! He refused to check why the error had happened and expected me to walk away. Fortunately another member of staff without explanation produced a card with my name on it and I was handed a bizarre room key attached to a metal pole!!! No apology was offered. I was fortunate to have a room overlooking the courtyard as the area is very noisy. The room was old fashioned but appeared clean. The bedding was shabby and one small soap and an even smaller shampoo was in the ensuite. I had to ask for a second towel and more shampoo.…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice,"My stay was Tuesday-Friday, Sept. 11-14. My objective was a reasonably priced hotel in central London. I paid $546.00 for the three days for a double room. Price included the traditional British breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausages, fried bread, baked beans, etc.).  The staff was superb. The room was clean and comfortable. Wi-fi was spotty; a weak signal in the room, although better in the atrium on the ground floor.  Certainly would recommend and would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, good location","Very average hotel but good location and price was right. Breakfast was nothing special but included. Staff weren't overly friendly but did their job. On a world scale, definitely below average, but for London a decent, budget choice.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1300-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Ninety quid for central London is not a bad deal at all. But... they have to make those savings somehow!!  The Good (well, reasonable anyway)......  Good location. Plenty of restaurants, pubs, cafes and mini-grocers within easy walking distance. The foyer is quite nice... large with plenty of wood panels etc. Staff were helpful, on the whole. Has bars and restaurants within the complex.  The not so good....  The rooms are tiny. The walls could be made of paper; there is no soundproofing. Soap / shampoo cheap'n'nasty.... bring your own. Towels easily soaked because they're so thin. Want laundry doing? Take it yourself to floor 3.... no such things as laundry bags here!!  If you intend to spend a long time in your room, I'd look elsewhere. If, like most people, you're out and…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Breakfast,"We stayed at the Imperial Hotel for three nights 10th - 13th Sept 2012. Whilst the rooms are dated the location Is superb, with easy access to the tube on the Piccadilly line, which services the West End, so great location if you are intending to see any shows. We had complimentary wifi which was unexpected but a pain having to log in every time you wanted to use it, and it kept dropping out. Breakfast was included and it was excellent, perhaps one of the best I've had during any trip. Our room overlooked the court yard on the 5th floor and whilst you could hear some street noise it was pretty good overall. It's not a flash hotel, but it's clean, the beds are good, and there are tea and coffee facilities in the room. We actually went and bought our own tea from tesco's, just…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",okay location,"we stayed here for 1 night, thank goodness the showers reeked of urine, it was really dirty, i slept with a shirt over the pillow, i wore my slippers in the shower and the curtain was vile.  I had trouble sleeping it was an awful experience! i'm so glad i was there for just one night!!",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location with most of the basics,"The Imperial is very well located for anyone visiting London for a short break with sight seeing and tourism in mind. The tube is just around the corner (Picadilly Line) which makes it really easy to hop to all the interesting locations and the awesome British Museum is just a stone's throw away from the hotel. The actual area of Russel Square is a bit bland though, no really interesting shops, restaurants, cafés or bars that stood out. The Hotel is a 'get what you pay for' hotel. Plus side: nice staff, clean rooms, tea and coffee in the rooms, TV i.e. all the basics are there. Not-so-good side: I was travelling with my young son and I was gobsmacked to discover that my seventh floor window had no security lock which meant it could open wide enough for him to fall out, a serious…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean hotel, good location, good value, friendly helpful staff.","Great location for theatre land,Covent garden and the tube system generally. Given a room upgrade which was great. Clean and friendly hotel with a reasonable breakfast. Room was overlooking the courtyard so no street noise. Facilities in hotel were what I expected for this price range. Important things were right, clean, with comfortable beds, extra blankets, pillows in a wardrobe. Tea and coffee making facilities and no problem getting extra from reception. Overall we were more than happy with our stay in this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1305-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"When on business I normally stay at the sister hotel (The Imperial - just round the corner) but as we were having a longer stay together we decided to upgrade a little. We were very happy. Our room was all we needed with a very comfy bed, TV, kettle and the makings of a decent cup of coffee. Breakfast was the usual UK full English buffet, with a good range - including fish, without the the hassle of fighting for tables. The staff were very efficient at clearing away.  The decor in the whole place is what you'd expect from a well established hotel - with some evidence of recent refurbishment.  The atrium bar/coffee place is newly done and quiet - it's a shame it closes at 8pm, but the Bar Barella's on level 1 is a haven away from the loud music of the alternative bar on the…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",convenient and comfortable,"We stayed 3 nights and were made very welcome. A large hotel, very convenient for the west end and most tourist spots (buses stop almost outside and go straight to Trafalgar Square and the River..very handy for senior citizens like us who get on free with our national bus pass). Quiet comfortable room with great view over Russell Square (expect some noise from traffic) and great English breakfast, served in large efficient dining room. Pub-bar needs re-furbishing, but staff excellent. Good value for money and we will probably re-visit this area.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant will be back,"We stayed here in November 2011 as a birthday trip, we were allocated a room upgrade as soon as we arrived and had a huge suite with living area double bathroom and to huge beds, yes the key is annoying but the reception is 24 hours so i would rather leave my key there than lose in and not be able to get back in.  Great links for central London as the tube is just round the corner, breakfast was lovely although not the hottest but a brilliant choice.  The night and Day bar whhc is just next to the hotel is a lovely little bar it doesnt get too busy can always find a seat and are always made to feel welcome.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Value For Money,"Stayed at the Imperial, Russell Square for 3 nights on 20/8/2012 with my 9 year old grandson,my sister and her 10 year old grandson.  I cannot thank all the staff enough for the kindness and attention shown to us.  Dining room staff went out of their way to get the children what they liked to eat.  Reception staff were brilliant, changing our room from an upper floor to a lower one with no problems.  The rooms were clean, comfortable and quite spacious, a lovely surprise after the reviews I had read!  Really convenient situation for public transport and lovely gardens to sit in and enjoy the sunshine.  Would definitely stay there again.  Thanks again to everyone.  JoJack14",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience EVER!!!!,"I have been to more than 20 countries in my life and stayed at more than 50 hotels in general. This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed. Ok it's in a good location but that's not the most important thing. The breakfast was oh so poor. Just fried eggs, sausages, bacon and baked beans. No fruits, no yogurts, no variety in juices (only orange juice) nothing. We asked for some cheese and they said ""we don't have any"". Yeah right.  The rooms were very basic with no a/c or even a fan. The fact that the toilet was in a separate room from the bath and sink was very uncomfortable. You had to go for one room to the other. What is the logic behind this? I understand that UK is not a hot country and therefore the installation of a/c units is not so important but at least they could…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1310-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Wife & I spent 4 nights at the Imperial. Friendly staff, clean comfortable rooms. We booked evening meal, which allowed us to eat in The Imp. or its 5 sister hotels(all within 300 metres). And the food in all of them was very good. Would definetly stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location and cheap,"Well you get what you pay for.  I paid £58 for one night in central London, not bad.  Room was basic, but clean.  It was only a place to sleep anyway.  The hotel is very dated but if the price stays that low i would probably use it again.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Location , Location  , Location","Find this a good hotel when just staying for a couple of nights as tend to be out for the majority of the time. So if a travellor then a good spot for those who intend to go excursions. Within walking distance of the British museum near a direct tube line to Natural History museum from Russell Square.     Also book on line for a free meal deal using BOGO offer for two night stays.  Not a place to stay if looking for luxury or for romatic weekend something reflected in the price and consquent clientele.  Hotels in London are generally poor , with even the ""name"" budget hotels costly for a single travellor so represents reasonable value for money.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It does what it says on the tin,"My son was playing a gig in Camden Town so we needed something not too far away.  We stayed 2 nights 20th July.  We knew just about what we were getting before we went, and looking at Trip Advisor sort of confirmed it.  The price for Central London is good, the position is also very good. It obviously wants some money spending on it if it wishes to move up the market and challenge for the overseas stay two week type of visitor's.  However there is a need for this type of Hotel in London for those who are not staying that length of time. It is clean and the staff are ok considering the market this Hotel is in. The reception staff were very good, and everything went fine.  The breakfast was 'patchy' but we could find enough to get by on. Not sure if they had not got the Orange…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",One night stopover,My husband and I spent one night here before starting our contiki and found the hotel pretty decent. It took around an hour to get from Heathrow here and it was close to the Contiki Basement. The rooms were small and we were a little disappointed to find we had two twin beds but after 10 hours flying and a 7 hour time change it wasn't a big deal. Rooms could use a little updating and we both found the bed extremly hard but that could be a personal preference. It was a quick walk to the London Underground and which made cramming in a lot of sights really simple.   We would have no problem staying here on another trip to London.,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1315-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I thought I'd gone through to another dimension.,"Walking into the Imperial Hotel is like stepping back in a time warm to the early 1980's, which is probably the last time this hotel saw a lick of paint.  I know a lot of reviews rate this hotel for its location but in my opinion this really can't compensate for the terrible quality and service on offer.  The imperial isn't a hotel, its a hostel.  If you're looking for a cheap place to dump your stuff in London then it's better than sleeping on the street, but if you are looking for an actual hotel, don't go near it.  The lobby is grim, the staff are rude, the rooms are dirty (sick on the floor/1980's furnishing/single glazed/dirty bed linen) and the food is rank.  Nobody in this place is making and effort and it shows...if you are ever in London with a choice of where to stay,…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty satisfied,"My first choice for my 5 day visit to London with my teenage son was the Euro Hotel, also in Bloomsbury, and at a similar rate, but it was fully booked in January already. The journey from Heathrow to Russel Square with the Picadilly line takes just under an hour with no need to change lines so that's pretty convenient.  The pros: decent price for London that includes a good choice of items for breakfast,                 our room on the top floor was quiet and perfectly acceptable,                 no problems with service and staff were generally helpful,                 centrally located and very near tube station. The cons: credit card is charged full amount at time of reservation (free cancellation possible),                  breakfast quality could be better ,               …",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a night,"I stayed at this hotel in May 2011 for the first night of my Contiki holiday   Imperial Hotel London - Russell Square  The Imperial Hotel is one of two hotels used by Contiki in London.  It’s located close to the Royal National where the Contiki Basement is which is nice (about a 2 block walk).  I arrived around 1pm and asked if I could check-in early.  The agent at the front desk was really nice and had no problems putting me into a clean room at that point.  Keys at this hotel are on a foot long metal stick.  You have a sheet from your check-in that you show to get the key, then leave the key with the front desk when you leave the hotel at any point.  The hotel is adequate at best.  The rooms were clean but need updating.  The shower and sink are in one room and the toilette…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, good breakfast, good price","This is a clean and comfortable hotel close to Russell Square Tube Station, and about 10 minutes walk from Holborn Tube Station. There is also a bus stop a minutes walk away.  You get what you pay for. The rooms are comfortable with ensuite, shower and bath and tea and coffee making facilities. Tea and coffee are fine unless you are extremely fussy. There's a TV with  afew German and French channels as well as the usual English language BBC and ITV  I feel that claims about the state of the decor are vastly exaggerated. It's fine! If you want gliztz. pay twice as much and go to the Ritz!  It's true that it can get rather noisy during peak hours, so ask for a room overlooking the courtyard or a room on one of the higher floors   There's an excellent buffet breakfast included in…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for a budget hotel,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel before and after our 21 day contiki tour of UK & Ireland. It was an excellent hotel for the price however some of the staff were not very friendly hence why i have given it an average rating. In saying that, the rooms were very clean, small but big enough for two people. Our room overlooked Russell Square Garden which was very nice and its very central to all the big attractions London has to offer. We did not need to catch any taxis to the main parts of London as it was all in walking distance form our hotel. The restaurant which is connect to the hotel is also very nice, we had an english breakfast when we first arrived and it was gorgeous!",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1320-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but needs upgrade,Within easy walking distance of Euston station and most London attractions.  Tube just around the corner.  Pleasant and helpful staff and free room upgrade offered.  However the hotel is somewhat dated and carpets could do with a good clean.  Decor is very sparse in the corridors and stairwell (no carpet and pictures) and do not attempt to drink the coffee provided in the room as it tastes/smells like something noxious! Breakfast ok and price fair for a central London hotel.,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it....,"It felt like I stayed in a hotel in a third world country! What is up with the key system? It's the year 2012, for goodness sake! And good luck trying to get some sleep at night; the windows are paper-thin and it's situated close to hospitals so expect to hear sirens every half an hour. Sure, it's close to the metro but there are other hotels around the area around the same price range. The hotel is in dire need of a remodel. The staff wasn't so bad but no thank you, not staying here again. Ever.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",london,not bad but a good hotel chain for pricing in central london its a no frills hotel but as you will be in the centre of london you have not come to spend any time in a hotel room clean  bathroon fair good bar for later in the evening after a show buzing with lots of happy  people huge dinning room for breakfast but just about all you could wish for to eat iand as much as you like,Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel or a hostel,"One can tell that this must have been a good hotel once upon a time but can compare to a good Hostel rather than a hotel. Quality of rooms, furniture, fixtures leave a lot to be desired. Very friendly staff, proximity to Euston train station and British Museum are the only strong points.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",My room was robbed the management did nothing !,"I had stayed at this Hotel before, the rooms are small but it us reasoably priced. In June 2012 I stayed there. I left my key at reception. When I returned to my room later my cases had been slit open, my phone, money and documents had been stolen with no obvious signs of a break in.  I had no money to get to the airport, no luggage... nothing. The Owners of the Hotel are elusive. When I finally got to the guest services they told me they would 'write to me' in due course. Three weeks later they wrote to me saying there was 'nothing they could do' Abysmal.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1325-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","big, great location, clean: great value","A funky 1970's Brutalist building that oddly enough fits into its Russel Square neighborhood surprisingly well, the Imperial is a big old tourist hotel: big crowds arriving by bus, a monster dining room for breakfast, etc.  But for all that it lacks in charm and rustic beauty, it does what it needs to do well.  Our family room was clean, bright and efficient, the beds were comfortable, the hallways a bit worn but clean and quiet.   Breakfast was great - lots of choices, sunny dining room overlooking the entry court.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Rates were fair - about 100GBP less than the nearby Holiday Inn.    Location is excellent: Russel Square is a lovely park steps away from the British Museum, Holborn Square, Lincoln's Inn Fields, one block from the Underground and…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Second stay and would definitely stay again...,This was my second time stopping at this hotel and I will definitly be stopping again. The staff give a very warm welcome and the rooms are spotlessly clean. I have stopped in other London hotels and think this one is the best by far. The breakfasts are delcicious and give a good variety of choice so there is something for everyone. Overall a very pleasant visit and I will return!!,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Good basic cenral London hotel, nothing at all special but a good bunk for the night when working hard.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Effort,"The location is ok, which is about the only redeeming thing about this hotel.  The rest is downhill from there.  Food was terrible, staff were rude, the place stank.  If you want a budget hotel with parking, then it will do, but please don't expect anything other than wanting to wake up, leave and find somewhere to shower",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,All the pros and cons have been pointed out by other reviewers. We have been here 4 times because of the hotel's perfect location for walking to many London sights. And it's one Tube station from St Pancras train station. The breakfast is poor by Continental standards though the bacon is good is you like that. WiFi available in the bedrooms  is only strong enough for a smartphone but not a laptop. Saw Spain beat France in the Euro2012 in the hotel bar. The only Spanish TV station available is 24Horas.,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1330-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",On a budget,"Booked Imperial Hotel Russell Square via travel agent, for a two night stay late June. Arrived at hotel at 10.30am & was able to check into rooms, but rooms hadn't been cleaned yet, which didn't matter as we were heading off out & about. Rooms booked were two singles-very small, as to be expected, but linen & bathroom both neat & clean. Rooms very stuffy, only able to open windows to get any cooling into rooms. Hotel decor scruffy & dated, needs a refurbishment. Can hear other hotel guest moving around their rooms, opening/closing doors etc. Would be good if breakfast included fruit/yoghurt, but only available was cereal, hot bacon eggs, sausages & cold toast. Wifi available in rooms, but drops out continuously. Staff reasonably helpful. Location great for hop on/off bus tours.…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel and close to theatres,"Hi, thought i would share my review of this hotel which me and hubbie are just back from. Location of hotel is really good, close to theatres, shops, cafes and restaurants, also close to the underground. The room we stayed in was very spacious as it was an end room, very clean and bathroom had a shower and bath which was a bonus. Also the shower was detatchable which enables you just to wash your hair over the bath if you don't want to have a shower. Breakfast was great here, beautiful room to have this in and the staff are very friendly and polite. What we liked was the fact that the waiters serve you with your tea or coffee and that there was milk on the tables ( this might seen silly but we have stayed in other hotels where you have to hunt for the milk). The breakfast was…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible stay. Not secure.,Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The house keeper tried to steal my cellphone until I threatened to call the police. Miraculously front desk found my phone the next morning.,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The worse hotel,Stayed at this hotel 24th June room below average no teaspoons hard beds old fashion decor breakfast was really bad hot meal under lamps terrible tinned tomatoes toast hard and cold no fresh fruit yorgots no bread products except cod toast. Cannot think what tourist think of this below standard milk,Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Best budget hotel in Russell square,"Best quality budget hotel in Russell square - certainly the best hotel owned by this hotel chain (you'll notice the same ship logo all along Bedford way) - we checked in here after an appalling experience at the royal national, very pleased to find the rooms were in much greater condition and the staff were much nicer and professional.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1335-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the price paid,Decent hotel for the price paid  The guy on reception was very friendly and offered a choice of rooms The room was a little dated but was clean and comfortable Breakfast was included in the price and there was a good choice of food Could of been a little bit hotter but all in all not bad The hotel is ideally situated with the tube station just around the corner We would stay here again,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"This Hotel has a very good Location for Theatres, Covent garden etc, but that's about all, it is scruffy and very tired looking, bedrooms are awfull over 30 years out of date, horrible single beds that are rock hard, I asked 3 times if they could please change my kettle in the room as it didn't work, they couldn't be bothered.  Breakfast was cold and the coffee was warm brown water, I think!,  Staff were pleasant enough, but I would not go back there to stay.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",horrible bed,"The location of the hotel is excellent. The reception area is nice and the people friendly. My room was small, but clean and partly renovated. There is a small desk and a chair. The bathroom is a bit of an antique by modern plumbing standards but will (have to) do. The amenities consist of two microscopic soaps, a tiny tube of shower gel, and two rather worn-out bath towels. The shower works. You can easily hear the phone conversations of the guests in nearby rooms. The hard-wire connection to the internet (included in the price) is surprisingly slow. Further, the system kicks you out periodically and demands that you re-enter the password. There is an obvious fear that some unauthorized person might break into my room on the 7th floor just to use the free internet on my…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Scruffy.,"I guess the title of my review says it all: Scruffy, dusty, over priced, uncomfortable little boxes. I've been on a tour through Europe, and this has been by far the worst and most unpleasant hotel experience from all. Breakfast: everything comes from a can, from the tomatoes to the fruits. I suspect even the fried eggs to come from cans. Staff is difficult and unfriendly, the exception being a nice lady from east europe at reception. In the bar we got told to finish our drinks, 1 minute after we got them, because the bar 'was closing now' and so now we had to hurry up - This accompanied by a big round bouncer with gold teeth and a 'don't mess with me' attitude. Nice. Really bad beds, and so on and so forth. Don't even think of going here.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,A friend and i booked this hotel through the superbreaks rail deal.  Having paid a very reasonable price for the trip. we were very happy with the imperial.  Lovely hotel and rooms. Exterior really doesnt do this hotel justice!  Nice bar with friendly staff to!,Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1340-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"By calling this hotel average we don't mean to degrade it.  We've stayed there before, and will stay there again.  It is just as hotels go, it is no Hilton nor Marriott, nor even a four star.  To us its strength is its location and reasonable price.  It is only two short blocks from the Picadilly underground stop.  The Picadilly Line connects with Heathrow Airport, and runs through Covent Gardens and the numerous theatres in the area.  The Picadilly also connects with other lines making all the major sites in London within easy reach.  In addition to its close proximety to the Picadilly Underground station, the hotel is within a couple of blocks of two ATMs, the post office, two convenience stores, a mall with several restaurants, drug store and shops, a couple of souvenir…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel delivers...,"Don't be put off by the funny keys you have to hand in each time you leave; this is a decent clean 3 star place which delivers. No European fancy duvets here but l ode worlde blankets ( and extras in the cupboards)...yes plural...plenty space in the room. No air con BUT big plus, you can open the windows, partic on the courtyard side away from main traffic noise. GO for a rate which includes full English breakfast...it's OK...it's not the Four seasons or The Ritz, but you won't go hungry!! (strange strong dark orange juice...I would avoid), otherwise eggs and bacon and baked beans!! Comfortable soft beds with clean cotton sheets........all good. Reception staff pleasant and helpful.Good base for British Museum; Covent Garden a 10 min stroll in the sunshine...",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Short London break,"Third stay in this hotel, It's well located and is good value for money. Check in was painless and quick with friendly staff. Our room was an executive double and although spacious is starting to look a little tired and ready for refurbishment. The one disappointment was the atrium was closed for redevelopment. This meant when using the Saracen carvery in the adjoining hotel we had to walk around the outside streets in rain to get to the restaurant. It would have been nice to have been told this when booking. All in all value for money and we will stay again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Room with a view...,We found the hotel very quickly as its only a very short walk from Russell Square tube...this was my first stay in Imperial Hotel ..as i normally stay in the sister hotel..The National Hotel (still on the same square) anyway on arriving at Imperial Hotel i immediately took a liking to this place it was much smaller than The National and i felt a bit more modern ..even though the building itself looks dull and non entising the entrance is welcoming and reception desk was wonderful polite friendly just as it should be... the check in was simple just sign in the hotel couldnt of been full as she asked us if we would like a room with a view over the square .. which we sure did as i already knew of the lovely park oppersite... she then asked us to move to end of counter to pick key…,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Idael for short stay in London,"Myself. my sister and 2 daughters stayed here for 2 nights in May. Its just 10 mins walk from Euston and has underground nearby. We found the hotel to be basic, but clean, with friendly, helpful staff. Ideal base for sightseeing. I would recommend you ask for high floor, courtyard facing room if you dont want to hear the traffic. We did this and had a good view over the rooftops. Beds were comfy, room had separate bathroom and loo, and the breakfast was basic but edible. My daughters were next door and we could see and talk to them through the v shaped windows. We went here primarily to go to the Harry Potter studios which wer 20 min train ride from Euston, plus transfer bus. They were excellent, would highly recommend you to go!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1345-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","ok for the money,good location","a well situated hotel close to Russell Square underground only 3 stops from Leicester Square! but you don't have to travel,close by are bars/pubs and indian/italian syle eateries which we tried.the room was ok and clean.the staff were a bit 'laid back' but we've just been to New York where the staff fall over themselves to please!would we stay there again?yes,if we get a good deal but not paying full price.our room was at the back so it was quiet but looked onto hotel rooms.take some coffee!they only provide 2 sachets per day!on the positive side a good base for staying in london,get the hang of the underground and you've cracked it.Enjoy",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"I stayed at the Imperial for one night in May as I was attending a function nearby. The location was good, with convenient access to the Underground and lots of pubs, eateries and shops in easy walking distance. My room was basic and in urgent need of upgrading. The mattress was poor and, again, had seen better days! It was difficult to get any cool air into the room but eventually I managed to open a window which overlooked an inner courtyard. The staff were fine and helpful and breakfast was OK.  Would I stay here again? Probably not.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good... but don't linger!,"I enjoyed this basic but nonetheless agreeable hotel... for a while. The hotel is very well located and the room was fairly clean. The staff is courteous although not very knowledgeable about their city. In short, a no frills, no nonsense accommodation. However, staying there for 6 days for a business trip, I became more and more frustrated as time went on. Mostly because of the noise. There is apparently a ""park side"" which is quieter, but my room overlooked the street and it was pretty noisy. Also, the restaurant is rather cramped and the food varies between insipid and ok, which is annoying when you have a tight schedule and spend your eating hours at the hotel. As time lingers, all the little hitches become increasingly irritating: outdated decor, stale cigarette smell,…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel,"Stayed here for a theatre break.the value for money is ok.. Rooms are just basic., although it was impossible to get a good nights sleep.. Are room was on the front of hotel and we could just hear noise all night. The hotel staff are foreign so it was quite difficult getting directions from them. We also brought tickets to the Madame tussades from the hotel.. I wouldn't reccomend this as they add on comission, we could have got them cheaper when we got there. Breakfast wasn't very nice and the staff who served us weren't very welcoming., there was a room full of tables and they seated us extremely close to another couple..we mayaswel have been on there table! Overall nothing fantastic",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location-reasonably priced,The hotel is very well located just minutes away from Russell square tube station. The room was basic but clean. The breakfast unfortunately was strictly english so I would prefer a continental one. The reception people were polite and friendly.The price was quite good though. A minus is also that it doesn't have any family-quad rooms...,Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1350-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Business Stay,"Rooms very clean and Bathroom in particular was spotless This hotel is Good Value given it's position(10 min walk Covent Garden/15 mins Oxford St) Breakfast was Buffet style and while choice was  strictly English(Cereal/Bacon& Eggs etc) there is a plentiful supply of it! Staff Very helpful though Check in System seems a little laborious(Check in at one desk and collect key from another, but this is a minor irritation) Night&Day bar ok for a Drink but would not recommend dining in this particular Bar(Very  Formulaic,you can almost see how the portions have been measured, even my fish looked as though it had been measured and cut to suit) However, you get what you pay for in  London? Overall, due to proximity to Tube Stn (Russell Sq 2min walk) and it's pricing structure i would be…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, would stay again","I stayed here for 3 nights after staying at the Royal National Hotel (a sister property) for 2 nights, and the Imperial is MUCH better. The rooms were cleaner and nicer for one thing. Also, the English breakfast is included in the rate, which was good and satisfying. The housekeepers were nice enough to let me borrow an adapter when my converter wasn't working. I slept well each night and enjoyed the great location of the hotel - very close to the Russell Square underground station and several restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again next time I'm in London!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for an affordable London stay in a great location.,"I stayed there for one night with my daughter during hectic weekend Dance Comp! Will a late night and an very early start, the hotel was minutes walk away and very accomadating to our needs. The room was basic but very clean and the view of Russell Square was amazing.  The Porter was especially helpful, recommending where to go eat and organising for us to be let into the breakfast room early as we had to checkout as the 7.30am-9.30 Sunday breakfast started.  I very good experience and we will be booking again for the same time next year!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, beware neighbours","This is a good value hotel, with great location. Clean and recently renovated. Breakfast is not wonderful but not at all bad, though the waiters have a game where they try to avoid giving you tea or coffee. Last time we stayed visit blighted by loud and probably overoccupied room next door. Think this is exception rather than rule - most guests very polite and respectable.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great value excellent location.,"Just returned from very sunny weekend break with 3 besties. Upon arrival our rooms were ready (it was only 11.30) so we were very impressed and to then be infromed our rooms were upgraded even better !. Room was lovely and spacious with twin beds, sofa, easy chair and table and huge dressing table. Trouser press, hair dryer, large t.v and proper china cup and saucers completed the room. Bathroom extremely clean with twin basins and powerful shower. After a full days sightseeing and evening drinking in Leicester sq. we returned to the day and night bar at around midnight, the bar was in full swing with a very pleasant friendly atmosphere - lucky to grab last available table. Retired to bedrooms at 1.00 for a good nights sleep TIP turn radiator off as room very hot but leaving…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1355-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",rather old fashioned,"we stayed two nights at this hotel which has an excellent location in central london. it was oddly old fashioned - sheets and blankets not duvets, a key on a metal stick which you had to hand in at reception every time you came in or out, and towels you have done some sand papering with! however the staff were friendly and helpful, the view from the room over russell square terrific - the room was noisy at night, but then it is central london... breakfast was plentiful and tasty if a little unimaginative, overall good value but could use some updating.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location basic hotel,"We stayed at the Imperial Hotel in London for 2 nights.  Our room was a basic but clean twin room overlooking the fountain below, consisting of a double bed, a single chair and a desk.  However, my sister and her husband were lucky enough to be upgraded to a double room which was lovely, consisting of a double bed, double sofa bed and twin sinked bathroom.  The hotel breakfast, included in the price was really nice and plenty to choose from the all you can eat buffet style.  The deal we chose also included a free 3 course meal at a choice of 5 hotels on the first night.  However, the main selling point for this hotel is the excellent location.  It is a 10 minute walk from Houston Train Station and conveniently near a number of underground tube stations so getting around London…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a re-furbish,"Stayed here for one night this week. Modern reception area, but the rest of the hotel certainly needs updating. Distinct smell of cigarettes in most  public areas. Bar which looks so nice on the website was not even open at 10pm. Everywhere looked derelict! Location is good, rooms very basic.",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location..good hotel,Great location near the british museum. Me and my parents were in a triple room which had 3 good sized beds and nice basic amenities. The housekeeper tried to adress to all our needs. The wi-fi in the room is a bit thready however you can always access the wi-fi in the lounge. The buffet break fast is repetitive though huge and very delicious. The conciegre was very helpful too and arranged all our tours. All in all a very nice hotel and definitely wirth stating as locted near all the major attractions in central london,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Definately NOT worth the Money,"I was travelling on Business and stayed in this hotel last November. My God!! How could the British authorities allow such a hotel to be in operation. The style of the hotel is as good as when it first opened and the operation systems they use in the Front Office is ancient. The rooms as the rest of the hotel are old and very dated however the bathrooms are 'OK'. The hotel promotes free Wifi in the rooms however the Wifi they offer is very poor, the internet connection keeps on disconnecting and one needs to stay phoning the concierge for a new code. The breakfast is OK however is very repetitive and quite tasteless surprisingly enough. The tables in the breakfast room are very close to each other (almost touching) and you could easily get into a conversation with your…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1360-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable hotel for the price - good location,"Booked here for a two day theatre trip to London. OK so it is not the Ritz but it does offer an excellent location for museums, tube, buses, shops, stations (Kings X, St Pancras, Euston, etc), restaurants and many theatres. All of these are within easy walking distance. The rooms are on the small side but livable with for a short visit when you will be out and about most of the time. Room was clean and in reasonable decorative condition. It would be a good idea to ask for a ""quiet"" room (usually on the upper floors) and a view over Russell Sq would be nice. We did ask for the quiet room and they obligingly changed our original allocation and the room was quiet. An odd room design with the WC opposite and separate from the bathroom - irritating as the doors crashed together if…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and central,"You get what you pay for at the Imperial - by London standards anyway. The entire hotel could do with modernising, it's starting to get a distinctly run down feel and feels very 70s.   The room was small, but clean and absolutely fine for 1 night. I was only in town for a conference so wasn't too fussed about attractions nearby, but it is very central and would be an okay base for tourists on a short trip.  The reception staff at check-in were surly and unpleasant (as an understatement) however the rest of the staff - porters, breakfast staff and cleaners were all lovely. The restaurant and bar on-site weren't great, you'd be better venturing further afield although that shouldn't be a problem with it's location. Breakfast was fine, limited choices if you weren't after the full…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellent value hotel in london,"I stayed at this hotel again from 26th april 2012 until 29th april. For central london the hotel represents excellent value and its position beside the british museum could hardly be bettered. It is also just a short walk to oxford street and all of the shops and theatres. A bonus for me was that my room had a beautiful view of russell square and out towards the post office tower etc, a lovely view at night, as well as during the day. The hotel is clean and comfortable and very much what you would expect for the price paid. I have used this hotel at least 30 times .",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Modern in 1970s,"Stayed in this hotel on a business trip. It's a large hotel and inexpensive.  Check in was odd, I was given a chit and sent to the key keeper to get my room key. It was attached to a 1' long metal bar and I was told to leave it in the dropbox when leaving the hotel at any point during my stay. Odd. The room, single room was that, cell like. Small. Bathroom, small, but clean. Breakfast, big dinner but good food. Reception staff very friendly, especially the O'Donnell guy. Not the worst place but it does need to come into 21st century",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel close to The British Museum.,"It is a 3 star hotel, old but with the rooms recicled. We had a room with a beutifull view, the Russell Square. The room was clean, spacius and had WiFi. The front desk people were very efficient and you can ask them were to go to eat or buy tickets. The only problem was that, in the morning, they knock the door around 9 am to clean your room. The beakfast was british one. 1 block from the underground.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1365-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, Dated & Deception","This is a horribly deceiving hotel.  It's interesting how they've managed to trick you by creating an illusion via the main lobby. Upon entering, you're impressed as it has a clean and modern feeling. It's very apparent they put all of their money into the main lobby. Upon getting off the elevator, it's as if you've entered the Twilight Zone. The carpets are worn and stained. When I entered my room for the first time, the only words I can use to describe my thoughts are shocked & appalled. It's incredibly dated, the carpet and bedspread were dirty and overall it felt absolutely gross.  Not to mention the noise level outside is horrible. You cannot sleep. Also, it's incredibly bizarre how one must leave the key with reception upon leaving the hotel each time.  We desperately…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Best value for money,"I stayed at the Imperial in September 2011 for two nights. Having visited London dozens of times, I can say with certainty that this hotel give you the best value. For 84 quid per night for a single room, you can't get any better hotel unless you're willing to compromise on the location or the facilities.  I always ask for a high room floor because these are the quietest ones. The single bed is OK although the mattress is too soft, and the blanket too thin. The room is spacious for a typical London hotel and it's squeaky clean. The bathroom is also spacious with plenty of hot water and good pressure -- don't take these for granted in London hotels! The room has a flat screen tv which also doubles as a radio. There is no in-room safe or air-conditioning but for such a low tariff,…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay there again.,"Upon arrival we weren't very impressed with the room - old fashioned; single beds that weren't great.  The room was very clean though and we were never once woken up by any noise - very quiet for sleeping.  Don't ask the front desk for directions anywhere.  We asked for directions to a nearby restaurant and were sent in the total opposite direction from where it was.  Breakfast was included and we were happy with the breakfast room and food.  We stayed at a more expensive hotel on our last trip to London and the breakfast was nowhere near as good as the one at the Imperial.  Of course, by the end of seven days it's a little repetitive, but all in all we were pleased.  Tube station is just down the street - just a couple of stops to Piccadilly so very handy to everything.  For…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip...pretty good overall,"I stayed at this hotel in April 2012 on a business trip (a conference close to Russell Square). As others have noted, from the outside it's not a ""thing of beauty"". But then again, does that really matter? I stayed in a single room on the 8th floor and found it quiet (for central London) and the room was clean and tidy. The bed wasn't the best but I still slept well enough. I had to have the window wide open because the heating was on full-blast and there was no way to adjust in the room itself. Staff seemed pleasant enough and helpful. The breakfast room was very nice.The breakfast itself was rather average - not a great choice and quality could have been better. I don't stay in London very often thank goodness, but I would be happy to stay here again and perhaps that's what…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Shop around,"For £90 for a single it just isn't worth it, the hotel is very dated and the single rom is just that, a small single bed in a smal room.  Central London is generally expensive but there is definitely better value more modern hotels around.  Most with double beds! On the plus side, the location is good.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1370-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok......just,"The hotel is in a good location in London.  The hotel itself is fairly tired, though to be fair the room was clean and tidy, and reasonably large for a room in London. Average was my score, and average it was.  The hotel needs to work on its customer service though, with the reception team being just on the side of ok, rather than rude, curt or just unhelpful. That said, I observed some visitors from the US not getting that good a service. Welcome to London......not.  Overall the hotel is not that bad, ignore the less than average service and enjoy the location!  I didn't eat at the hotel, but did have dinner at the Turkish restaurant over the road, that was ok, but again there's better!  ",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",5 Night Easter Break,"This is my second stay at the Imperial and I would be happy to go again.  Not a pretty hotel from the outside, but inside everything is clean and it is in a good location (for Oxford Street/Trafalgar Square/Covant Garden/Kings Cross).  Found the staff to be friendly and helpful - this includes reception/cleaners/breakfast staff.  Stayed on 9th floor, very quiet, didn't hear any traffic or TVs from other rooms.  Breakfast plentiful and always able to eat straight away, no waiting.  Rooms cleaned everyday.  I am stunned at some of the reviews for this hotel and feel that some people just look for bad points.  I would return to this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Stayed here for a 2 day theatre break over Easter 2012. The online booking system worked well and check-in was very efficient. The hotel is in an excellent location overlooking Russell Square and easy walking distance from Euston.   It looks rather tired from the outside and the foyer area is basic. But the rooms are suprisingly well furbished - new furniture, TV and bathroom. It was clean and spacious. We had a double and the kids were next door in a twin (that's where you get a separate toilet without a handbasin). The bathroom in the double was fine. Only real downside are the old metal windows - they felt unsafe and did not shut out the traffic noise which never seems to die down completely.   Breakfast was very busy but the dining area is very large and we didn't have to…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",True London,"This place is the True London on a plate.  Tired, out of touch, over priced (compared to other cities in Europe), no idea of what service means...and no English staff !   From the room key on a metal stick, to the tiredly thin blankets complete with cigarette holes...from the heater that turns your room into a sauna, (and cant be adjusted at all) to the hop skip and jump you must perform to have a shower without flooding the bathroom.....this place has it all.  If you are old enough to remeber 1974...you will be able to describe the Imperial without even having to go there.  Its only saving properties are that its close to a train station, and breakfast is free.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Only the location,"Only the location can be saved close to metro station and the British museum. Very little rooms, dirty, for breakfast likely there is the cold toasted bread. The hotel, with thousands of rooms, looks like a automated factory. Saturday night we had the pleasure of the disco pup music up to midnight with no chanches to sleep. I’ll never repeat!",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1375-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect poached eggs!,"We stayed for two nights over Easter 2012.  Booked in very easily, and had access to our room from noon.  The room was very spacious and clean, but a bit of an homage to the 70's! We were on the 6th floor, and noticed that one of our windows opened fully outwards, as the safety catch was missing - this is obviously something to watch for if you have children. The hotel is in a great location - good tube links, but also lots in walking distance.  Breakfast was fine - well organised given that so many guests were eating. The poached eggs were perfect! Over all, we thought that this was reasonable value for money for central London.  It's basic but clean, and is fine if you're not looking for luxury.  It really needs a refurb to get up to 4* - or it could remarket itself as 70s…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good location,the Imperial group of hotels owns several hotels in this area. Parts of the hotel have been refurbished while others need a tidy up.For instance the corridoors and room doors are a bit scruffy but the rooms themselves are fine. Layout of the bathroom and toilet are a bit strange-as you enter the room the toilet is through a door to your left while the bathroom is to the right.Not a problem apart from there is no handbasin in the toilet so after using you have to open 2 doors before you can wash your hands-not very hygienic! Beds not very comfortable-need replacing The views of Russell square if facing front of the hotel are great-the downside is that the windows are the original metal single glazed and traffic noise is heard throughout the night. One room tip to save yourself…,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,"My wife, son and I stayed at the Imperial on the night of 1st April as my son had a hospital appointment round the corner at 9am on the 2nd and we didn't want the hassle of a drive through commuter traffic during the morning rush hour.  We booked a double and a single.  We  arrived at 9pm on the 1st, were checked in very quickly and pleasantly.    Our rooms were adjacent on the 5th floor, facing Russell Square.  It was a very nice view but extremely noisy due to the traffic. We had one spare blanket but my son's single didn't.  The rooms were decorated in neutral colours so quite relaxing.  Our bed was pretty hard and the pillow uncomfortable but we slept well enough in the end.  Breakfast was on the first floor and was a self service, full English buffet plus cereals, porridge…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff,"I have never seen a group of rude staff as at this hotel. I witnessed one lady get treated with such disrespect on two separate Occasions by two different staff members. Yes the price is right, the location is great and the rooms are decent. We were also treated rudely when our voltage converter stopped working we called down to ask if they had one we an borrow the staff member said ""you can buy one in the morning"". All they had to say is sorry we don't have one. There are other places to stay at that I'm sure will treat their paying customers with respect.  ",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel for hotel price,"If u don't want to sleep int the night, if u would like to be between drunk student, if u would like to be a dirty room, if u would like to eat artificial and not fresh food this hotel is a best choice!If not don't even think to take a room not even a second!",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1380-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London on a budget? This place is worth a look,"If you are in London on a budget , I don't think you'll beat The Imperial.   I paid £70 for a decent sized single room with a very good breakfast. Not bad for London. Outstanding when it is only a two minute walk from the centrally located British Museum.   The amenities are good too. Several bars, including one with an interesting 70's theme. And a casino! ( This is where they might wring more money out of you).   Of course the rooms are nothing special, but they are clean, have got modern TV's and are reasonably quiet and comfortable.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal fir  a Weekend Break,"Stayed here for a weekend theatre break. ideal hotel, very clean, great breakfast, very helpful, pleasant staff. Russel Square underground just round the corner. Try the Brunswick, very nice shopping square with lovely outdoor eateries.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel Great Location,"I recently stayed at the Imperial Hotel as a weekend break with my wife. I have stayed at the hotel on a couple of previous occasions when in London on business. The hotel does not pretend to be a top London hotel but that said, all the rooms I have stayed in were comfortable, clean and reasonable decor. On my latest stay with my wife we were upgraded to an executive room which was a bonus. The hotel shares the atrium with its sister hotel the President Hotel. On our first night we went out to a local restaurant for a meal and comming from the North East thought we were well ripped off for pasta! However, the restaurant at the President was extremely good value, two courses only £12.50 or three for £17.50 with a good choice. I see some reviews mention noise, maybe I have just…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, easy to find","The hotel was so easy to find, straight off the M40, A40, Marleybone flyover, just one right turn and we were there, was dreading riding around the city to find hotel so this was a bonus. Parking underneath the hotel is £18 per day. Check in was efficient and the rooms were,clean and well equipped for a short break. The Barella cocktail bar is nice and comfortable after a night out at the theatre etc. but closes at 11pm. The barman was nice and friendly and made great cocktails which for London were reasonably priced. The breakfast was good and there was plenty of it (except for the soggy toast). The only downside was the two staff in the night and day cafe bar who need either a good lesson in the command of the english language or a lesson it personal skills. We found their…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Stayed at the hotel awaiting to join a Contiki tour. Arrived at the hotel at 7am and was greeted by some super unfriendly receptionists who told me ""the room's not ready. Come back at 2.30(pm)!"" After explaining to them twice that I had paid for EARLY check-in they gave me a room. It was clean but tiny and very out-dated, reminded me of Mr Bean. The power point for the tv didn't work so I had to stretch the cord to another power point. Great house keepers. The room view was of the back of buildings and straight into other hotel guests rooms so I had to keep the curtains closed half the time. Also didn't like the huge metal rod attached to the key, which meant you had to hand the key back to reception every single time you went out and then wait in line to get it back when you…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1385-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",No idea why you wouldnt want to stay here,"We stayed at this hotel as part of a Superbreak, we paid less than £200 each for two nights b and b, one free evening meal , west end theatre tickets (inc wonderful seats)and our rail travel from the north east to kings cross which today i have just paid £179 for the rail ticket alone for a conference!!!! This hotel was by far the best hotel ive stayed in but if i was to go back to London for a similar break i would most certainly stay here, great location, fab hot breakfast(unlike the reports on here), and lovely staff, really good bar with most reasonable prices. My only criticism we were in a room at the front of the hotel facing the main road listening to all the traffic, ambulances etc, this still didnt spoil our fab time in London x Thankyou for a lovely break",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Just around the corner...,"Everything is literally just around the corner from this hotel. Underground, bus, shopping centre, Tesco, must-see sights, park...name it and it is just around the corner. =)  Loved that we had clean rooms and fresh towels everyday. Appreciated all the help and information that the Porter Service generously gave.   Definitely a good base in London.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - dated hotel,Stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 2 nights with a group of friends.  Hotel was in a great location and close to tube stations.  Although the hotel was clean it is very dated and a bit smelly! Great views over Russell Square from the 8th floor. Breakfast - food was cold from the warm buffet and the toast was rubbery as this is made as a batch and left for you to select. If I was going to London again I would not book this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ideal short break hotel for central London,"My friends and I stayed in this hotel for a 1 night stay whilst on a theatre break. The hotel was just a short taxi ride from both Kings Cross/St Pancras station and the same into into theatre land. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. We had lovely veiws over the square at the front of the hotel, however the road is noisy. We did not have evening meal but did go in the lounge bar where we found the drinks very reasonably priced. Breakfast was very good with a large variety of foods on offer.  We felt this hotel provided good value for money and  we would definately stay here again",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for central London,"We came for a two night stay and stayed on the sixth floor, with great views over Russell Square and London beyond.  The room was light and airy and very clean.  Just be careful of the windows which open fully. Our loo was separate to the the bathroom which was ok but a small handbasin for handwashing would be better.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was fine. If you like walking and are in London to sightsee this hotel is near enough for most of the major attractions. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1390-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel for Short Break,This was an excellent hotel for a short break We booked through Superbreak which was excellent value We had a room on the 9th floor overlooking Russell square wth view of the London skyline Room was very clean with clean bed linen every day. Very friendly cleaning staff. Very good lift service Breakfast was served in a spacious restaurant Good choice and helpful staff there was a good bar with friendly helpful staff and very good prices Food served till late. Did not sample this time but it looked good and plentiful We had a voucher for a free meal on first night. Evening meals served in the carvery in the adjoining Hotel President It was excellent and at the prices charged we would gladly pay Excellent tube and bus services. Definitely recommend,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonably priced hotel in good area for shopping/theatre land etc,"Stayed here overnight whilst in London celebrating a family birthday.  Hotel ok, quite dated and tired looking.  Good service - very good breakfast, although we didn't eat dinner at the hotel, the food in the bar looked good and very reasonable prices.  Good location - not too far to walk to west end, theatres etc.  Rooms ok, my two sons were in a room overlooking the square, which was much nicer than ours which overlooked the back of the hotel and was quite noisy as being just above the boiler house/airconditioning!  The rooms were clean and comfortable, but I have stayed in much nicer 3 star hotels so was a little disappointed.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but !,"I travelled to London with my wife and friends to take in a bit of sight seeing but mainly to take in a show. The hotel is located within a 15 minute stroll of Soho so it's ideally situated. The rooms themselves are large, clean but do need updating. We requested a room with a view of Russell Square but what we got was a room at the back of the hotel with a view of a wall. (photo attached). We stayed only the one night and had breakfast the next morning. The dining room is huge and was a busy place when we were there.But we were led to a table almost immediately by a very friendly member of staff. Breakfast was good but not great. But I find nobody does breakfast like the Irish ! In brief great location but a the hotel interior is a little tired looking.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Mid week break,"Reception and breakfast staff lovely - evening meal staff rude, unhelpful and spoke poor English, although the food was hot and OK ( Carvery) Rooms tired and dated but basically clean. OK if you just want B&B (Good choice) - easy access Kings Cross and tubes. Good eating places just round corner from hotel - we tried Denise's which was super and friendly. We got good deal from Super Break which included train, B&B, 1 evening meal and tube pass. Typical London Hotel - overpriced for what you get but it's not the countryside is it! Basically OK if you just need couple days break.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for the money,"Booked this hotel not knowing what to expect as the price paid was very reasonable compared to some London hotels  .We were pleasantly surprised. Very clean, excellent service from all the staff which we encountered , decent breakfast, beds changed every day, drinks in the hotel pub/bar were very reasonably priced . Would definately visit this hotel again .",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1395-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Not the best, not the worst","I was travelling by myself while staying at this hotel, waiting to join a Contiki tour. This hotel was fine. The reception staff were okay, but not the friendliest. The breakfast was edible, but not great. The room was clean, but small. It had a TV and tea and coffee making facilities. The sheets and bath towels were clean. It is conveniently located, directly across from the lovely Russell square and there is the underground just around the corner that runs the Piccadilly line. Some rooms face over Russell Square, mine faced inwards towards other buildings, which was okay - it did make it feel like the stereotypical London. There is a nice restaurant down the street on the corner if you turn right out of the reception and walk the block over past the Royal National. The…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",in an area full of hotels you can do better than this !,"rather than a hotel this is more akin to a hostel for adults of a similar standard to butlins in 1975 without the fun  I imagine that the main customers are tourist coach passengers from places that wouldnt know better and builders taking temporary digs mid contract at far less than the rack rates, the breakfast is  a woeful presentation of under over luke warm cheap foodstuffs that the catering corp would take umbrage at. beds are particularly cheap and nasty with sheets and blankets that seemed clean to be fair but undersized Decor stalinist in essence with a circa 12"" tv , single glazed windows [ dont take the rooms with a view as these are next to southampton row which a very busy road] no repairs to the ceiling where there had been an old leak , the bath has the painted…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pity about the reception staff,"My party booked in for a long week end, theatre break. Ideal location for the West End, room was clean and well serviced. Lots of traffic noise from the main junction outside our room, breakfast was good as was the reasonably priced meals to be had in the bar. Pity about the reception staff , as I had previously arranged for them to arrange for a taxi which never arrived.When I spoke to them about this I was told that there was no one available and that I would have to hail one myself. This as you can image was no great chore, however we nearly missed our train at Kings Cross because none of the reception staff told me of the situation.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",architectural opinion,"If anyone out there is remotely interested in beautiful architecture please seek out a picture of the original hotel that stood here before they knocked it down and built this monstrosity, it will make you weep.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Worth staying, conveniently located hotel.",I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. Well I think it was quite good. It's really close to russel square tube station and a couple of minutes' walk from the British museum. The rooms were a bit cramped and the bathroom was freshly dyed and there was a strong smell.. They were quite clean though. The breakfast was great and the staff was really helpful. Its price is fine and I would recommend it to anyone.,Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1400-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Will stay here again this summer,"Stayed here back in august 2011 with my wife for three nights, excellent location just around the corner from Russell square tube station. We had a room overlooking the courtyard at the main entrance so our room was very quiet with no passing street traffic. Breakfast was just ok and the breakfast room was very busy for the weekend but no shortage of food or waiting time. We will stay here again this summer as the location is excellent for all if Londons amenities!",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Break,"Our weekend break consisted of a trip to the theatre that was close enough to walk to (Queens - 15 minutes away and 10 minute walk from Euston)  It was a large hotel, looked like it needed a makeover.  Pleasant friendly staff greeted us, we had booked an executive suite.  The room was spacious and on the surface clean.   The twin beds were comfortable although even on a very cold night, the room was far too warm.  Towels were tired and toiletries reminded me of something you might find in a hostel.  There was a traditional English breakfast included in the very reasonable price for London, all very processed and not for me but I am very fussy where food is concerned.  I did manage a few mouthfuls of soggy toast though.  Again staff were very helpful and friendly.  Unfortunately,…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Back again and excellent service as always,"Have just returned from weekend break with my husband. We stayed at the Hotel a few months back and gave it 4 star rating, but this time felt for the price we paid and service we received warranted a 5. This is a well priced, budget 3 star hotel in centre of London in an extremely convenient location and I have marked it on this basis. It amazes me the comments some reviewers leave, they are judging the hotel as if they have paid top prices and expect the services and facilities of a 5 star, which it certainly is not and doesn't pretend to be. But, in addition to the excellent location, the hotel is immaculately clean, the staff are efficient and extremely friendly and couldn't do enough for us and the facilities for central London are really good.  We had asked for a quiet room…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","2 different experiences in the same holiday: one very good, one less","I went to the Imperial Hotel in Russel Square with my grandma for holydays, the first time for the first 4 days of the holidays and secondly at the end of it after a little trip around England. Those two experiences were very different, the first one was great. We've been upgraded to an executive room when we arrived, the room was spacious nice and clean. The beds were very comfortable and my grandma that is very old was very happy about all the facilities present in the structure. The breakfast was included and it was a normal english breakfast with some elements also of continental.  Then there was our second experience, the night before we left. The room was different and was pretty poor, very little, with window that weren't keeping too much isolated from the cold and also…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value hotel in great location.,"Stayed 5 nights on mixed business/leisure trip. Room was well sized, comfortable and good for working in. First night's meal in sister hotel Bedford's restaurant was disappointing. Breakfasts were good.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1405-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",weekend break,"just what we needed a clean hotel good breakfast good night sleep one stop on underground from kings cross or the bus nice helpful staff, good price",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Not posh, but great location","This is not a very posh hotel, but comfortable, and well located near the British Museum, and short walk to two tube stations. The full breakfast is nice, but not great. It is filling, and with the price of everything in London so high, it helps to fill up at breakfast. The staff was nice, and the free wi-fi was a big plus.  It seems to be a hotel that large tour groups use, but this was no problem as far as I was concerned.  There is a nice modern pub with reasonably good food just off the lobby, which is convenient if you get in late and want a quick bite. I had asked for a quite room , which was what we got. Room was clean and in good repair. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you will be out touring around London all day and don't care about how upscale your hotel…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Just returned from London. Hotel Imperial is like most other hotels in London, old and the interior is oldfashioned. The staff in reception not friendly at all. The breakfast was terrible. You cannot even get cheese. But eggs with eggs and terrible toast bread.  You sleep in a sheet only. Hello London, we are in 2012 and down comforters have been invented on the continent for centuries. The gap between and under the door is very large. You can see the light from the coridors all night and the noise from outside enters too easily and the noise from inside goes out in the same way. No handles on doors. A lot of banging with doors all the time. No private life. However, the room was bigger than most hotels in London and the room was clean. Two towels was provided for two persons.…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"This is a massive hotel with nearly 500 rooms, so approximately 1000 guests. It is busy, very busy. There are long corridors to walk down to get to your room, and so when trying to sleep at night you can hear people wandering down the corridors, talking/shouting, banging door etc.     Our room was overlooking the air-conditioning unit, and so combined with the above, I actually didn't sleep all night. The next morning our breakfast was like attending a cattle market. There were hundreds of guests crammed into a combination of rooms where there is a large help-yourself buffet, and you have to fight to get through people to get food, fight to get to your table. The food was poor. If you book in advance you can get a cooked breakfast included in the price of the room, otherwise you…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",imperial Hotel,"we stayed at this hotel last dec and it was very old fashioned , but what was worse was our bathroom was very dirty  with mildew on the tiles and dirt under the taps, the breakfast was very basic with no choice of health bread or rye and no fresh fruit, the concierge and some staff were friendly, but torn couches in reception just makes for a wrong first impression. I would not reccomend this hotel at all!",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1410-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Great hotel, in an excellent location, very clean, spacious rooms and a very good English breakfast. I would stay there again and i recomend it for sure.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Christmas Break,"Great location, clean hotel and well planned itinery etc for Christmas - all food (breakfast, lunch, dinner) is served buffet style during Xmas but hot and plentiful. Would recommend and would definately return. Only quibble is that it is not made clear when you check out you need a special pass from the Hotel to exit the car park otherwise the car park exit operator aggresively tries to charge you - nice way to finish!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Good Location,"If you are looking for a Hotel in Central London then you will not go far wrong with the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square.  The bedroom was large airy and spotlessly clean with en suite facilities.  The television in the room offered the usual array of channels with the occasional foreign language channel to satisfy foreign visitors.  Free Wifi in the bedroom was reliable and to be expected in this day and age.  We stayed at this Hotel for four nights over the Christmas period. The bed linen was changed twice during our stay.  The standard of meals on a fully inclusive Christmas break was good. There was no shortage of Complementary wine.  The Dinning room, although large was a little on the small side to cater for large groups. Tables were in rows  and inches from each other.…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",weekend break,"An enjoyable stay in London and ideally situated for shopping ,sight seeing and shows.A comfortable stay and value for money",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay and certainly value for money,"My friend and i went on a superbreak, including the theatre, staying at the imperial hotel and our train travel paid as well, i dont know how they do it, but with regards to staying at the imperial hotel , we were extremely delighted with it all, the staff are really nice and friendly, helpful, our room, was just fine for us, not huge but certainly comfortable and clean,  the only little niggle was the towels, were a bit small, but for the price and the whole package , it was brilliant, we also endulged in a full english breakfast and had room delivery, which was also great. thankyou imperial for a lovely couple of days away, we will certainly use you again, and if anyone is looking for a mini break, this is a great place to stay , and very central to all ameneties.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1415-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",only for the beds,"I had booked an executive twin room and on arrival  I was assured that was what I was given. when i said the beds were very small I was told they were all the same but the rooms were larger than the standard twin.My wife did find a lot of dust on the headboard but otherwise the room was clean.The idea of the room key on a long piece of metal seems a bit antiquated,however there are some good points.The hotel is well located just around the corner from the tube and nearby to most amenities.The breakfast is quite good with fruits,cereals or a full English and top ups for your tea or coffee.The Day and Night bar serves food all day and opens till 1a.m.if you fancy a late tipple after a show.All in all you get what you pay for,not too bad if only the beds were bigger.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location...the rest is just average,"I stayed here while on a Contiki excursion, and the hotel is placed at a very centralized location. The British Museum and the Russell Square Station (metro) are about a 5-10 minute walk. From that station you can get to every single place in london, including the airports.  The rooms are small, the bathtub was kind of dirty and the towels were a little rough. Also, it still freaks me out a little bit the room key (you'll understand if you ever stay in this hotel).  But if you're just looking for a place to stay, while you go a visit the sites fo the city, this place will do.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, dingy hotel","The location is great as it's a direct 10 minute walk from Euston and just next to Russell Sq underground, but the hotel itself is a bit of a dive.  The double bed collapsed into a valley - I thought I would need my hiking boots to climb out of it.  The toilet is in a searate cubicle to the shower and sink.  Classy.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"This hotel was very nice, and the staff was very friendly.  When I was there I only ate breakfast at the hotel which was very good. The pubs around the area are fun to go to as well, with very friendly staff!",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",reasonable with good location,"I was in London for five nights at this hotel with my daughter. I had stayed in the hotel president who is on the corner of this hotel. How I love that location, just meters from the Russell Square subway station, I decided to stay again in the vicinity. The hotel is nothing exceptional, and it  is in urgent need of an update. It offers free wifi in the rooms, but these are small and tight, like most hotels in Europe. The typical english breakfast is included, but it is boring and no tasteful at all. It is located in pleasant walks to Saint Pancras Station and  Piccadilly Circus . I recommend!",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1420-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dingy budget hotel in nice location,"This hotel tries hard to portray itself as something more than it is: a dingy hotel catering to budget-minded tourists. The location isn't bad, with a nice park directly opposite. The rooms cry out for a refurbishment and even with their small size don't make efficient use of space. The bed was on rollers and not fixed to the wall or anything else, so it slid all directions any time I got in or out of bed or sat down. The tea facilities in the room were the worst I've experienced. The traditional English breakfast was not too bad, with the exception of the the hard rubber discs they called toast: by far the worst I've had anywhere in the UK  By London standards, the price was fairly reasonable, but I don't relish the thought if ever staying here again. ",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and value for money,"We chose this hotel for a weekend break as it was very close to St Pancras/ Kings Cross (about 10 mins walk) and 2 mins to Russell Square Tube Station. We arrived too early for check in so left our bags for no charge however to leave them safely on departure day cost 50p per bag which is the first time I have come across that! Reception was spacious and check in simple.  Well the key....... on a large metal pole, at least you cant mislay it! Rooms spacious with plenty of storage space.  Beds not very comfy.  Apart from spots of mildew on the shower curtains the room was clean. Breakfast very busy and a little chaotic however there was plenty of everything.  The disappointing part was just having your tea/coffee filled up by the waiting staff and not having your own pot. The…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Smell of chicken and bed bugs, but good location","This hotel is clearly made for mass tourism. It would be fine if you are a student, except for the bed bugs. We were there for business, and work colleagues got bitten by bedbugs. There was this smell of fried chicken in the hallways.  The breakfast is also mass produced. I tried to eat a fried egg but left it, so afterwards I opted for cereal with milk.     The location is REALLY good. Walking distance from Covent Garden, the British Museum, Soho, etc.   The bathroom was ok, but all in all I was very happy to leave the hotel, and I would not come back or recommend it.  I had a wonderful view over Russell Square. That was very nice.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",very good hotel,"i was reading other peoples coments and was a bit worried especially see photos. am used to staying in a four to  five star hotels , but this was three i thought it was very good . went to london for my birthday, receptionist was very helpful and smiled.  we had to collect key from porter he looked board and was reading a paper im sure there was a job for him to do. the key  was on a giant rod which we thought was funny as i am used to a key card.  hotel was very nice i have enclosed photos - room was very clean and we were at the back of hotel so it was very quiet. had a great night sleep beds where very comfy. hotel had 5 lifts so you not waiting around for it. breakfast was full english and there was plenty, the hall for breakfast was lovely. could not really fault hotel as…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not that Cheap and not very cheerful,"We stayed here this week. On arrival I thought I must be abroad as the check in staff could not understand me!!!! Having checked in we were given the biggest key you have ever seen, proper comedy sketch stuff. We headed up to the room which was surprisingly spacious, this was about the nicest surprise....... The bathroom needed a dam good clean, filthy shower head, shower curtail rail and curtain were really bad. Funky brown stain down the tiles next to the bin, and what was going on around the bath taps that was some thing for forensic services to study!!!!!  THE BED...... well this was two singles pushed together, not fastened so kept moving. When you laid on the bed it was like a hammock huge dips.....  The bed sheets had holes in and didn't actually fit the bed so the sheets…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1425-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,Just arrived back from a Thomas Cook 3 day cheapy at the Imperial.  My expectations were far exceeded by this hotel.  It was well placed for Kings Cross (10 miins walk) and within easy walking distance of Covent Gdns.  Tube station is very close.  As it was my 60th they upgraded me to an executive room at the back of the building.  It was a good size and was clean and well appointed. Breakfast was excellent and kept us going for most of the day. I cannot understand the issues raised re service.  The front desk were excellent and very helpful. We booked all our tickets for attractions through them at discounted rates. Dining room staff were also excellent as were the cleaning staff.  Perhaps its down to how you treat them!! If you can get a good deal on the hotel I would…,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant enough,"So, the reviews I read were not so favourable, but reading between the lines, I decided to give it a go. The staff are, I must confess, a strange mix of pleasant, unpleasant, stand-offish. But I only wanted to check in, so I let that one slip by. The room key is a key and it's attached to an almighty rod (for security purposes). Key was put in a drop box and you need to present our check-in card as proof to get it back. No biggee. Room was small, but by no means unbearably so (I've stayed in closets in London for twice the price). Clean, comfortable, TV. Breakfast was a buffet. OK, very popular, lots of food but not, for me, that appealing. So, a bacon sandwich was breakfast. The location is terrific - around the corner from Russell Street tube, lots of restaurants, walking…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",some good and some bad,"Ok- the location by Russell Square is fantastic and the tube stop is right there.  The breakfast is outstanding for London which by the way is the most overpriced hotel city in the world.  We just came in from Barcelona on 11/18/2011 where we stayed in the hotel Colon and the difference was night and day-  the rooms in this hotel were extremely disappointing -- small, ill appointed and with no way to adjust the radiator except with a shoe banging on a valve.  We went thru two rooms before we found one that was minimally acceptable.  London itself it tending towards being a third world city-  the center is all torn up ie Leicester square, the theater offerings are not inspiring, the tube is becoming increasingly unreliable, and the prices are getting ridiculous for what you get. …",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",They really spoilt a great night out,"went here recently for a masonic ladies night, which was great get together apart from the food and service from hotel, Started with prawn cocktail on avocadot which seemed to have been laying around for hours, rock hard avocadot, limp, no `dead` salad, seafood sauce from a  bottle!. Main course, the toughest lamb shank ever known to man, served withGREY baby corns, potatoe pieces, and other unknown, droopy veg:-0(. Dessert was , or looked like an Iceland frozen gateau that had been thawed out far to long. Obviously thios so called 4 star hotel does not have a kitchen of its own or any capable kitchen staff!!!!!!!Every time you went to dance the staff removed your drinks from table despite being told 3 times `NOT TO TOUCH`Sugar for coffee was in little tubes and cream in…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ideal for short break,"I liked this hotel - it reminded me of London hotels from my childhood.  We booked a standard twin and were upgraded on arrival to executive twin, which was a quiet room at the back.  Furnishing and cleanliness were good.  Beds were comfortable.  Breakfast was good, with an army of attentive waiters with tea and coffee pots.  Parking was nicely tucked away under the hotel itself, so we had no worries about the car being safe.  The price for b&B, and parking was pretty good for central London.  Tube was just round the corner, The British Museum was only a few minutes walk away.  I plan to stay at the Imperial again, when we need somewhere to stay in London. It was good value for money.  All staff were very pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1430-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",worst night's sleep ever,"I would not book this hotel again. The room was in desperate need of decoration, it was dirty, the loo smelt like urine, the windows were filthy, blankets rather than duvets, pillows like wafer thin mints, traffic noise made it impossible to sleep, big dip in the bed that also made sleep impossible. what else can i tell you... checking in was like something from Fawlty Towers, you register at one part of the desk, then go to another part of the desk to pay, then to another part of the desk to get the biggest key I have ever seen in my life. The next day we were sat in the lobby area and got asked twice by security if we were guests (not exactly welcoming). The location is good but that's about it . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone (unless I didn't like them)",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Not the poshest hotel in town, but it will take some beating in the value for money market. Staff were friendly, the room was clean, the towels a little on the small side, and only two for a double room, but the bed was fine, and the breakfast excellent.  There are plenty of lifts, all working, and never once did we have to wait longer than a few seconds. We had room service on our first evening because we were tight on time for a theatre, and this was delivered to our room, freshly cooked in less than fifteen minutes, and at a very reasonable cost.  It is well positioned for the West End, which is a modest walk away, as are many of the other London attractions. We normally stay at an hotel nearby, owned by a large chain, but they have priced themselves out of our market wanting…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap (not particularly cheerful) but great value,"I stayed at the Imperial for 5 nights in November, after struggling to find anywhere decent within my budget.   All the other hotels I had previously used had rocketed so stayed here on recommendation from a friend.    My main concern was having wifi and this was free (although not in all rooms so I made sure I requested on booking)  It was given though not good for streaming.  The room was fairly large for a single and had windows that actually opened wide enough to let air in - it was fairly mild for the time of year with no heating on.  The key was a bit of a faff as it came on a huge metal pole, so you could not take it anywhere with you, but the porters were fairly efficient.    Breakfast was good - a few mushrooms and better sausages would have made it very good, but the…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a short stay,"This hotel is alright for a few days but the furnishing in our triple room was a little faded.  The reception staff were determined not to allow us to check in until 2pm after our flight from Singapore, although they seemed happy enough to check plent of other people in.  The porters were much more helpful thoughout our stay.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Splendid Break,"We booked here as part of a Theatre Break and found it very central and so easy to get to from the Train Station . It is only a mere minute from the Tube and 15 from Theatreland so it was ideal . Room was spacious , clean , bed was comfortable , it even had a bath ! Just outside to the front of the Hotel was Russel Sq with a lovely enclosed park . A good few people jogging , walking and taking pics of the squirrels . Lovely oasis in the centre of the City . Staff where polite and knew their stuff , breakfast was ideal . Well maybe excluding the porridge that is !",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1435-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","good,clean hotel","this hotel is clean & cheap, we booked via the internet & wasnt disappointed. good location for the train station & site seeing.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The only good things about this dump are the location and the free wi-fi,"Me and a couple of friends decided for the Imperial Hotel after reading fairly good reviews about it and as we were only staying a couple of nights in London and just needed a clean central place to stay on a low budget we went right ahead and booked it, but as soon as we got there we realized we made a huge mistake! Starting with the keys (one little key on a long metal stick...welcome to the 1800th!!!), of which they gave us just one for 3 people, to the yellow slips of papers we had to present every time we wanted our key back or had breakfast, to the three little towels in the bathroom (no shower mat??? lucky no one ever slipped getting out of the bath and broke their head!), to the fact that there was absolutely no ventilation or fan anywhere in the room (every time one of…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Place,"My wife and I stayed at Imperial Hotel from Oct. 18th to the 23rd. We had a very pleasant stay. Our room was very spacious. We had a double sink bathroom, a living room and a double bed. English breakfast was ok. A major point they should worry a bit more is cleaning.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Rude,"Just back from london great weekend except for the hotel We got this girl at reception and she tryed telling me that i did not book the hotel , she told me to write down my name which i did, she said no you did not book with us i was in a state Then out of no where she found my booking after about 15 minutes  and never said sorry then she handed the booking to a trainee a lovely girl and she was all confused as the other girl had done half the booking, the the two of them a a argument in front of us all this took another 15 minutes to finish checking in , i booked my rooms on the phone i insisted one of the rooms to have a double bed and they said thats was fine, they had no double room for us only a single I found that first girl was so rude she should not be in reception…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent for price,"Room was light and spacious and overlooking Russell Square so an excellent view.  Traffic noise all through night but overall, value for money.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1440-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dated but convenient and good value,"I booked into the Grand National Hotel, but when I tried to check in, was told they were overbooked and had booked me into the Imperial, a short walk down the road.  I think I got lucky.... my single room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was fine.  The decor is dated, but everything is clean and working.  The buffet style English breakfast was fine, despite the cafeteria ambiance and waiting in line to enter.  The check in process was a bit tedious, and the concierge has to dispense keys every time someone arrives back at the hotel, but apart from that, I was satisfied.  Russell Square is lovely, and the tube station is around the corner, so it was also completely conveniently located.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Booked this hotel for an overnight stay in London. Hotel is ideally situated, about 199 yard from nearest tube and within walking distance of lots of attractions. I booked a treble room for myself, mother and sister. The room was spacious, if a little dated but very clean. The breakfast was good quality and adequate although not a huge choice.  The room cost us £150 for 3 people and in central London in the middle of summer I consider that a bargin. Would certainly stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ok for two day trip,"Recently stayed at The Imperial Hotel Russel Square (28-30 October 2011).  Took my daughter for her 12th birthday..  Few points to make: 1. Beds are on wheels 2. Hotel room key is a large knitting needle with the room key on the end.   3. Only one medium sized towel per person. 4. Rooms quite small, (toilet enough room to get in and out - separate shower though so thats a plus).   5. We asked for a quiet room having read previous emails, (taking no chances) and got a room on the 8th floor overlooking the courtyard - well, there is a generator of sorts close by, which was heard all night.  6. Breakfast was ok - toast situation needs looking at though as there was just a tray piled high with soggy toast! not a fan of soggy toast. 7. Hotel certainly needs updating, ""60's carpets,…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Jaded, but convenient","You cannot fault the location of the hotel and the price is reasonable for near central London. However, it needs a total revamp. The receptionist on arrival looked and spoke to us as if she'd been on duty all night. Telling us to go and see if the room was ready!! We also requested double beds (booked in March) and as she was.not helpful anyway if was a fruitless argument.  The door locks are Yale locks and paper thin doors with little tacks in for signs, key attached to foot long steel rod.  The room was very very basic and very noisy being on main road. We were in London to see the sights and we were out the hotel from 10 am til 10 pm so only used the hotel to sleep and it served it's purpose. But please updated worn linen, security etc",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms OK Food very poor,"I have stayed here a number of times over the years and complained or prised their sister hotels Sorry but this time the food within the bar was very poor and expensive. We order Fish and Chips. The fish was square but just about warm and had a number of large bones the plate was cold, as were the peas. The chips were no better in fact the meal was very poor. We will not eat here again. However the rooms have been upgraded and are nice. You do get allot of noise from other rooms and the corridor so be prepared to tell people to shut up if you want to sleep.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1445-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel,"Our check in at the hotel has efficient and plesant, the staff freindly, We were very diasppointed when we got to our rooms to find twi beds not a double as we had booked with our agent, we were told the hotel only has one double bed per floor. Aftger hte first night we had to request a room change which was handled efficiently. The bathroom was small, it was difficult to have  bathroom and toilet doors opened at the same time,  The location ws this hotel's saving grace, it is within walking distance to most attractions or transport to these. Local resturants and pubs are plentiful the pick of the bunch for us were the swan and griaffe.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",European holiday,"We arrived early in the morning around 8.30am after a long flight from Singapore.  After checking in we were shown to our rooms which only had single beds.  After requesting A double bed room we were told there is only 1 double bedroom on each floor we were  very disappointed as our Travel Agent recommended this Hotel.  After a phone call back to Australia to see if this was the correct Hotel, we stayed the first night in the allocated , then the following morning requested a different room which was just a fraction better.   The shower was over the bath which was quite high.  If you were elderly this would be a problem.  The Bath Towels also could have been replaced as they were thin and yellowed.The breakfasts were also just   average and some of the wait staff never looked…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Break in the Capital,"We stayed for 2 nights at The Imperial Hotel, Russell Square London and had a brilliant time.  The hotel is ideally situated to explore many of London's sights on foot.  A ten minute walk takes you to Covent Garden, fifteen to twenty minutes takes you to Westminster and Trafalagar Square.  Our room was at the front of the hotel with lovely views over the city.  The room was very clean but looked a bit 70's in style, that didn't matter as we were out for most of the day and night.  Ther was plenty of hot water and nice clean towells.  The beds were comfy but on wheels so if you moved quick, so did the bed!! The breakfast was excellent, lovely and hot and a huge selection.  It was very busy but the staff dealt with the queues very efficiently, we hardly had to wait at all for the…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",DISAPPOINTING AND DATED HOTEL WITH NO DOUBLE BEDS,"I recently put my relatives in this hotel on a visit to London and sadly found it to be disappointing. Although clean, the decor is quite dated and the hotel has obvious signs of wear and tear throughout. The most disappointing however, was that the hotel was has limted double beds (""just two per floor"" according to the staff). Even though I requested a double room when booking in advance, they could only offer a twin room with single beds for my elderly visitors. They also insisted that I should have known that they were essentially a twin room only hotel - though this is not clear on their own website.   Although the supervisor was extremely helpful (and arranged for housekeping to push together make up the two twins as one double) the reception staff I spoke to at first were…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not great.,"Well stayed here for 3 nights with my son, and my mum and dad. Who booked the weekend away as a treat. We were allocated a low floor which we had requested, as my mum does not do lifts. It looked on to Russell square, What a night, would have been as well on the road sleeping, the noise was unbearable, never slept a wink. They really need to sort out desent double glazing. But yes we were moved to the courtyard side next day. The room was ok, the seperate toilet is a good idea, but really should have a sink in it. The key for the room is a joke. That really needs sorting out too. The walls are paper thin as could hear my mum and dads tv word for word, so no need for an alarm. The bathroom i have to say was not impressive, The shower curtain rail was just rusty all over, the…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1450-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother,Pretty grim even at the cheap price. I was even charged 50p to store my case for an hour when I checked out,Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great!,A great hotel. friendly staff good service. allways polite and helping.,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value & Location,"I asked for a room on an upper floor and was given an upgrade from a single to a twin on the top floor. The room was clean and bright with plenty of storage space, a small TV and a split ensuite bathroom with the loo in a separate ""cupboard""! Reception staff were efficient and polite. The included breakfast was very good and served in a large room  that resembles a public school dining room with tables in straight rows and very close together! The building is not attractive from the outside but serves its purpose well - a clean hotel in an excellent location at a reasonable price.The view over Russell Square was amazing both in daylight and especially at night. I am not sure that the room key on a metal rod is the most up to date security feature though as the key has the room…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, friendly staff","Have just returned from two night stay and was pleasantly surprised. As the hotel was much cheaper than most London hotels I wasn't really expecting much, but everything was great. We had a decent size room at rear of hotel which was immaculately clean and had a nice comfy bed. As we were staying 2 nights there was a complimentary 3 course meal at neighbouring hotel in same group, which was good. I had a huge salmon fillet as my main and the starters and desserts were good. The staff in the hotel were all friendly and professional and it was good to be able to leave luggage in the porters office for 50p on last day as we checked out at 11.00am, but didn't catch the train until 8.00pm in the evening. We came back to hotel a few hours earlier on last day as it was raining and sat…",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good option for a no-frills hotel in central London that won't break the bank.,"I've stayed in the Imperial a few times now, and I have to say that you can't really beat it as a budget option.  Rooms at the back are certainly preferable, as the traffic noise from Southampton Row can be intrusive in the early hours, especially in summer when the absence of aircon makes an open window essential.  Rooms are basic but clean and comfortable and staff are attentive. It certainly seems to appeal to tourists of all shapes and sizes, but as a business user it's certainly adequate and economical.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1455-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"I stayed in the Imperial for 2 nights on a recent visit to London. I was pleasantly surprised by the experience as some of the previous reviews had been a bit negative. The hotel is not very atttractive from the outside.. a big anonymous grey concrete establishment on the corner of Russell Square but the courtyard, as you turn into the hotel has a nice fountain. There is also a Gala casino immediately adjacent so at night it can be a bit noisy. The room was much bigger than I expected as was the bathroom.Shower was great, even if a bit wayward in direction(over the bath not cubicle). Tea and coffee and kettle and nice sofa for watching TV(if you have the time in London!). Breakfast was included... a buffet with good variety of hot food , cereals and fresh fruit. I am not a…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional,"The Imperial Hotel on Southampton Row at Russell Square is a very pleasant establishment, clean,  tidy and well-run, and an exceptional value for London or anywhere else really, NYC, Paris, Rome, etc.  The Lobby is well-appointed with two seating areas, comfortable leather sofas, attractive lamps and lighting, large windows looking out onto the hotel's inner courtyard containing a fountain and greenery. The courtyard is very convienient for pick-up and drop-off, rather than dealing with a busy street.  Reception staff were courteous and helpful, although the guy at the Porter's desk who said he couldn't call us a regular black cab but then tried to persuade us to use a taxi his ""cousin"" owned should know better!  We stayed in one of the Executive Twin rooms, very much worth the…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Our experience in Imperial Hotel, London","We stayed eight nights at Imperial Hotel, and we had a very pleasant stay. The rooms were clean and tidy, the carpet is a little old but we almost did not feel it (there was no smell or stains). Breakfast was the same every day and consisted of fresh rolls, toast, jam, butter, canned citrus fruit, different types of eggs, and some types of meat. Hotel staff were very kind also at reception lobby and the dining room. Outside the hotel you can find Russell Square Garden, a mythological phone cell and a souvenir shop. The Tube station is a few minutes away by walk.  We had a great time at this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"We stayed at the imperial for one week mid-september. Location was great, could walk downtown in a short time, lots of coffee places, cafes, restaurants and pubs nearby.  We asked for a fridge in our room and they gave us one, it was kind of nice to keep a bottle of wine or some water cold. The staff was friendly, the guys at the ""key desk' were helpful. I agree with the review that said they could use some new bath towels!! Could use some updating but then again you're in London, not much need to spend alot of time in the room when there is so much to see!!",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",beautiful,"however the beds are kind of uncomfortable and you do not get a lot of complimentary tea and coffee, however you do get amazing views and a decent breakfast. Not to mention the bar is cheaper than most of london, and the placement of the hotel is perfect.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1460-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but definitely not a 3*",I stayed at the Imperial Hotel Russell Square for 2 nights in September 2011.  The lobby is nice and welcoming and the staff was courteous and helpful.  The halls and rooms of the hotel were a different story.  The halls were dingy and dark and could definitly use some new carpet to clean it up.  The rooms resembled a college dorm and were also in need of a makeover.  The beds were on wheels so every time you turned over the bed went with you and you moved around the room.  The room was mostly clean but I wasn't really comfortable walking around with out my shoes or flip flops  We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour so we were only there for 2 nts and I definitely would not have chosen this one on my own.  If you don't plan on spending anytime in your room and only want a…,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Uncomfortable bed and noisy night!!,Stayed here for one night while visiting London.Although the location and service was ok I had a bad nights sleep due to the bouncy uncomfortable single bed. There was also alot of noise from what sounded like a large extractor fan even though I was on the 7th floor!!,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Close to everything,Excellent hotel to get to just about everywhere in London. Staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast good. Rooms clean although probably best to avoid rooms at front of hotel if you want a good nights sleep. Overall you cannot complain about the hotel or staff and price is very reasonable for a central London hotel.,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Big room in London!,"It is a big hotel, and we were glad to have a very big nice room in London. The location is great, near to everything, very close to the British Museum, Opera and Covent Garden.  They were very nice with us and help us with directions,etc.  It is not a charming romantic hotel but it is comfotable.  What we did not like was that their towels were small and thin. Also breakfast room is very crowded and they do not offer fresh fruits and yoghurt, but they have  eggs, ham, cereals, toasts. We will stay here again.  About the tour buses, take the one that the hotel recomends you(24hrs) we took the other one that offers 48 hrs and it was was not a good experience, they take forever to show up.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy hotel, good location","I'm very glad I only had to stay one night here... the noise from outside, even though I was on the 6th floor, was awful!! I thought the windows were open but none were... not a good nights sleep..  On check-in the receptionist proudly told me I'd been upgraded to a twin room... as I pointed out it was not exactly an 'upgrade' as I can only sleep in one bed!!! The room was very tired, grotty towels in the small bathroom, a tiny bar of soap and 2 tiny shower gels.. not worth using.. the bed wasn't very comfortable either..  Breakfast (included) was in a huge, old fashioned dining room.. I was immediately greeted and shown to a table, all of which were set out in long rows and not much gap between them. The actual breakfast looked ok but was virtually cold and unappetising, the…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1465-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,"Just spent 2 nights at this hotel beginning of September, basic but clean and well located for most of London's attractions.  We had a twin room overlooking Russell Square, which was very cold, no heating on; only had 1 spare blanket so had to request another. Towels could do with being replaced, a bit washed out and only had 3 for a twin room!!  Looked like rooms had just been refurbished.  Porters were very helpful with travel arrangements, buses etc.  Breakfast was self-service and adequate.  I was ill on the last day of our stay and they allowed us to keep our room until 3.30pm without any extra charge which we thought was extremely good.  A good quality hotel, no frills but the price is good and no complaints.   Thank you to all the staff.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"Very nice little hotel, ideal for a short break for a few nights. The rooms were spacious, tastefully decorated and clean. The location was very good also, the ninety one bus ran just outside the hotel and took us through the main parts of London I.e trafalfger square. Friendly and helpful staff, though there were no English staff which became somewhat problematic when trying to understand them. The food was nice and wholesome and at breakfast the staff regularly came round to top up my tea cup. All in all, very nice.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A good basic place to stay,"This hotel is not flash, it is not dirt cheap nor does it offer spectacular views.  What it does offer is a reasonably priced, comfortablec central London base for your holiday, academic or business activities in London.  We have stayed here on an number of occasions and have always been happy.  What is spectacular is the self serve breakfast.  Like the hotel it is not exotic but is all that you need to set you up foir the day.",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location for the price,This hotel looks outdated but we had a large room which was clean. Breakfast was good and the food in the hotel bar was very good and very reasonable for london.,Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",We loved staying here!,"This hotel is really central, close to undergrounds, lots of cafes/restaurants etc. The breakfast room in the hotel is amazing, waiters serve your tea/coffee to you on demand, the food is outstanding!  Reception staff incredibly helpful & friendly. Our room was very clean/ presentable. Just across the road is a lovely peaceful park, well worth a visit! No problems in corridors at night with noisy people, definitely a hotel with class!!  Would love to stay here again!!",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1470-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel,"This hotel is in a very good location for london, the only drawback was they only done breakfast which was good and plenty of it , plenty of good restaurants close by ,staff were very helpful with directions to attractions and theatres, one thing i would say is to book online for open top tour bus and theatre  and attraction tickets as its a lot cheaper than the hotel or just getting them on the day plus having to wait in queues for hours, you get priority entrance all in all would go there again.",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay!,"We arrived at around midday and they let us check in straight away. Big smiley faces and really friendly. The key policy was not a problem and was actually a really good idea (On the end of a long rod and had to hand it in whenever you left the hotel.) The rooms were clean and big enough for what we needed. We pushed our beds together on the first day and were pleasantly surprised that they had made them into a double bed by the time we arrived back on our second day! It's location is fantastic, as it is within walking distance to pretty much everything, although the tube is a minutes walk away and it only costs £6.60 to use the tube for the day, which is excellent value for money. Breakfast wasn't bad, and we went both mornings for a fry up and cereals. We never used the…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Expect a basic hotel and you'll be satisfied,"Price and location were good, hotel/rooms clean and staff helpful.  Only expect a basic English style breakfast, plain but plentiful.  Only 3 thin bath towels were provided in twin rooms but were changed daily.    President Hotel just few yards round the corner might be a better bet - slightly cheaper and the same hotel group.  No air conditioning so rooms could be a bit noisy if window left open at night.  If booking two consecutive nights online (www.imperialhotels.co.uk) take advantage of the free dinner the first night (""BOGO"" offer) - with choice of dining options at hotels close by) best dining option was Saracen Carver at the President Hotel).",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very happy with our vacations,Our room was on the last floor. It's not a fancy hotel but it's very good for someone who  just needs a room to sleep.  The breakfast was good and the housekeeping lady was very friendly by giving us the wireless password of the hotel not the password of the common area. that way we could have internet in our room.,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but otherwise servicable","The best thing the Imperial has is location. It's five minutes walking to the British Museum, and the British Library, Leicester Square, and Trafalgar Square are all within 20 minutes walk or so.   The rooms are a tad underwhelming (I stayed at a Premier Inn to fly out of heathrow that was more stylishly appointed), and our bathroom ceiling definitely needed a paint job. The staff ranged from sometimes helpful to being a bit indifferent. One of the housekeepers seemed frustrated with me because the staff had lost my deposit envelop for a internet cable. Breakfast was likewise a study in mediocre consistency; if you are staying here more than a day or two, prepared to get bored with the meal. The internet connection was spotting; wifi access is only available in the some of the…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1475-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Stay, will go back there","After reading some quite negative reviews before leaving Australia, my expectations were somewhat limited, but no way, the hotel was terrific, close to everything, a short walk to the underground, Oxford St, the theatre, and lots of restaurants. The pub attached had great food and reasonable drink prices. The room was large enough for the two of us, and the bathroom a good size. The views over the park were  great. The service was efficient, not many smiles, but what do you expect from London. The dining room was huge, with two buffets to select from. The food was to my liking, good English breakfast with quick service, only had to wait a few minutes at the busy times to get a table. I don't know what people expect when they stay in London Hotels, I have  stayed in plenty in my…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLYELY HORRIFIC!!!!!! ...........AWFUL,"This was my first visit to London with my friends and booked this hotel through Thomas Cook as a package deal. Considering the price we paid and reviews we read, we were not expecting a 5 star hotel however with a top travel company recommending this place we did expect a good stay at least.   From first impressions the outside fountain really gives this place a welcome unlike most amongst hotels in Russell square. This impression vanquished immediately after meeting the staff. No friendly welcome, hello or any kind of service was present. The young female who served us was interested in NOTHING. Once checked in we were handed a key attached to a metal pole about 30cm long. How on earth can they expect travellers to see the sights keeping this with you safely?  Although you were…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a couple of nights,I was here for 3 nights in July after Arran house hotel. This is a typical large hotel. I stayed here with my roomate from tour group. It is a clean room. A bit dissapointed with some mold seen in the bathroom-- but without ventilation in London that was expected. The keys are like wands from Harry potter that you cannot take with you & you have to ask for them every time you come back from an outing. Breakfast was great-- lots of choices. The wifi doesn't work in rooms so you have to go to the lounge to use it. Free of charge :-D Over all it is a nice decent hotel.  Would I stay there again? I would. But I kinda got biased with my Arran Hotel stay my first 3 nights in London :-D so I will stay at Arran:-),Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location & friendly,"Having previously stayed at The Royal National, this was certainly a much better hotel and worth spending a few extra pounds on.  Lovely quiet reception area with helpful staff.  A good sized twin room with plenty of space, overlooking the court yard.  The only night time noise I was aware of was from the fountain.  Breakfast was plentiful, good quality and no queues.  I will be booking The Imperial again for my next visit to London.  Within walking distance of Kings Cross, Covant Garden, Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",I did love most things about this hotel,"I have recently returned from a 3 night stay in London and actually feel the need to comment on this hotel. My room was on the 8th floor and I had a lovely view of the skyline and the front of reception below.  The staff, without exception are truly amazing. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble for anyone. From the moment that I arrived at the lovely Reception area I was treated with the utmost kindness and consideration. I cannot actually remember if the Reception area was lovely, I am sure that it was, but the staff were so good that I really did not notice much at all.  I queued for maybe 1 minute and then a new member of staff came to Reception and dealt with me immediately. As newcomers arrived, staff came to deal with them.  Room service was excellent and the portions of…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1480-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location .....value for money,"I stayed here for two nights with a friend, 10-15mins walk from Euston, great location for access to tube. We arrived early and room wasn't ready but they let us check in , gave us our key and told us to take luggage to our room and leave it there...do not unpack. We then went out for a walk and when we came back room was spotless and ready for us. Rooms: a little dated but everything you needed, clean and comfy, bathroom with decent shower and strangely a separate toilet. Would have been a good idea to put a sink in the the separate loo...plenty of room. Room was a bit noisy if you left the windows open from delivery vehicles early morning but not a major problem. Breakfast: went down to restaurant first morning but didn't bother second morning..basics were there cereal toast…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,My husband and I stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights July 22 and 23 2011.  The hotel is very busy and VERY noisy.  There is a casino adjacent to the Main entrance and if you have a room overlooking the courtyard you will be blasted out of your bed by loud rock music  with a very heavy bass beat which reverberates around the area.  This ceased at 12:15 a.m. but at 1:45am the casino goers started to leave and the shouting screaming and car doors slamming went on until 5a.m.  The main problem is that there is no air conditioning and no double glazing therefore in summer unless you want to boil in your bed you are obliged to keep the windows open.  However even when the windows were closed the noise was unacceptable.  We did complain but of course there was very little that could be…,Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We had a lovely mini break at this hotel ,we had a triple room next to the lift  on the second floor. The room overlooked the main entrance to the hotel and there was very little noise .The room was spacious and had a  very large bathroom .Breakfast was ok, had better , had worse. Russell Square tube station is only a 5 minute walk away.  Overall, we thought the hotel was good value for money and we would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We booked this hotel for an overnight in London to visit the theatre. When we arrived our (upgraded) Executive twin was located on the 5th floor overlooking the courtyard, so very quiet. Clean and tidy, bathroom spotless. Comfortable beds. Staff helpful with directions etc Lovely shopping centre around corner opposite tube for great Carluccio's or a choice of snacks and meals Wine in hotel was reasonable price for a bottle in central London £19.50 for a bottle of savignon blanc and lunch in the night and day bar was good price for a good size plate of food Breakfast was really good lots of choices, only complaint was the coffee, although hot did not taste great, tea was fine A little trouble connecting to wifi as well and could not get my i pad to log on Only 2 minor…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Busy busy busy!,We visited the hotel from 17th July  till  21st July 2011. It was a very very busy hotel however this did not detract from our stay. The  breakfast room was very busy no matter what time you arrived and was well staffed with waiters picking up and cleaning tables as you arrive finding a table was a problem but if you persevered one became vacant. The staff on the front desk were very efficient and got us our room without any problems. we even got a change of room when we were given the seventh floor and our daughter didnt do lifts so they gave us the first floor with out question. All together a first class hotel at a very good price i would stay here again. Well located and within easy reach of all stations and bus routes. John Dobbie,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1485-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"The rooms were pretty decent, the lifts were very slow and unreliable- take the stairs.  The staff were nice, but the staff at the dining room were rude and pushy.  They kept on taking our plates/glasses away before we had finished, and were unreasonable with simple requests. The dinner was pretty poor quality there too, but the breakfast was ok.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price,"Stayed for 2 nights.  Found staff to be mostly friendly & helpful.  Was upgraded to executive room which was spacious, clean & comfortble although bed was very low & also the towels in the bathroom were the thinnest I have ever had in any hotel.  But this is not meant, nor pretends, to be a 5 star hotel - it is a good hotel offering a decent room & breakfast for a decent price (we also got a free dinner on the first night!) & the bar prices are also very reasonable for London.  If you expect more then pay more.  The complaints about the keys are just petty - security first I say & is it that much of a hassle to drop your key in a box when you leave & ask for it back when you return - please!   I would definitely book it again.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value in central London,"My partner and I have stayed at the Imperial five times over the last few years and have been satisfied with it each time.  Our most recent stay was for four nights in June.  The Imperial has two major things going for it.  The first is the location in the center of the city.  The hotel is in Russell Square, with the Russell Square park area directly across the street.  There are numerous attractions, including the British Museum, within easy walking distance.  Russell Square tube station is right around the corner from the hotel and can be even more easily accessed by cutting through the lobby of the President Hotel next door.  The two hotels are connected by an atrium area.  The Russell Square tube station is on the Piccadilly line, so it can be reached with no train changes…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and everything easily explained,"The Imperial is perfect for a stay in London where you want to get out and be close to everything. The staff are quite friendly and explain everything and most importantly, don't leave anything out! There is nothing worse than realising by the 5th day that breakfast was included afterall... The location is perfect. It is close to a tube and easily within walking distance of most of the sights of London. The breakfast was fine. Eat as much as you want, good coffee and friendly service. The rooms were large but probably the only negatives are the lack of safes in the room and the fact that wifi is only available in a communal lounge. However, you can cope with that since the rooms are clean, the beds are big and the staff are friendly. My main advice is to walk as much as you can…",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - going back in September,"Four of us arrived  about 1pm and met the very friendly receptionist. We had twin rooms on the 9th floor (as requested). The rooms were nicely decorated and had everything we needed. The breakfast the following morning was very good, bacon, eggs, beans, tomatoes, sausages, cereal, fruit, cereal (what more would you want). Great location for tube and attractions. We are going back in September. Great value for money.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1490-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",UNFRIENDLY DUMP,"I arrived at reception and asked about the free dinner if you stayed for 2 nights,but was told that is only if you book direct.No smiles from the reception staff and told to get my key from the porter which was only next to her.Obviously too far for her to reach.   The porter gave me strict instructions that i must deposit the key each time i leave the hotel.I asked why the they still had old fashioned metal keys when all hotels have card keys these days,and he just shrugged his shoulders,and repeated how i must deposit the key. I expected him to say YOU VILL OBEY VITHOUT QUESTION. Needless to say this made me see red and i kept the key on me in my pocket for the whole stay.     The room was ok on the top floor giving a good view,however the breakfast was uneatable.Cold toast,…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",We would stay again,"The service in this hotel was good and the staff were friendly and helpful. We were a bit unsure about the key system at first, having to hand it in every time we left the hotel, but it was no problem - we always got the key back immediately upon our return. When we checked in the receptionist kindly gave us an upgrade and our room was huge. It looked into the centre of the buildings meaning no view but it was very quiet, so good quality sleep. The bed was comfy, there was a sofa, tv, tea & coffee.  The bathroom was quite large and looked as if it had recently been fitted, powerful shower. The room & bathroom were very clean and the only negative was the outdated decor but that was no problem. The buffet breakfast was of average quality.  The bar connected to the hotel was very…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",decent for the price,"The room was small, but I've seen worse shoe-boxes at the same price in London. It was clean and quiet, without peeling paint. Staff were helpful. Breakfast ample, if dull, but with bacon, eggs, fruit, toast. Avoid the coffee, it's dreadful. Tea is OK. Excellent location, just around the corner from the tube station.   Frankly,  anything under $ 200 a night in central London can be pretty grim. This was OK.  The  free wifi is NOT available  in the rooms -- only in a limited area of the ground floor and is very weak.. But again, at this price range,  very few London hotel have any decent free wifi. The assumption is that everyone has a smartphone, and if not -- too bad. All in all -- decent fo the price. Not great. Acceptable.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for situation,After reading reviews I was uncertain if I had made right choice. Luckily on arrival on a very warm afternoon I was greeted by a pleasant Australian receptionist who offered me an upgrade to Executive Double. Room on the 6th floor facing in to the courtyard was very comfortable and a very good size. Main draw back is no Aircon but as the windows open very wide I slept very well. Breakfast was an excellent buffet with very courteous staff. Large keys that can not be taken from hotel small draw back. Would certainly use again as is a very good base.,Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, reasonable price, definitely worthwhile!","I stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 1 night, and it was great!  The breakfast was good, the twin room on the 6th floor was cozy and lovely. It was even better when one of our single room was upgraded to a twin room for free. Great service! And the location was fantastic, it's only a 5 min walk from Russell Square Tube Station, and you can even cut in across President Hotel to reach the Imperial Hotel. There's also a Tesco Express nearby. Good location. If only there were free wifi in the hotel...... If only they didn't charge 50 cents per luggage for luggage storage after check out......",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1495-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, Honest Hotel with good location","Experienced great service from the concierge desk.  Although the rooms were dated and basic they represented good value for money in London.  The bathrooms were quite new and provided double basins with plenty of bench space - great for 3 ladies sharing!  Location is brilliant with only a short walk to British Museum and closest Tube station is 2 min walk.  Great for exploring London & 10 min walk to Oxford Street for shopping.  Overall good stay, not flash but comfortable & honest.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location!,"Very easy to acces the tube from the hotel, and the rooms are nice and clean. There was a bit of noice from a group of young people staying down the hall, but they went out, when we went to sleep. The breakfast is nothing special but sufficient. Because the hotel is so big, the familiar feeling dissapears between guest and staff, but they were okay professional and gave sufficient information, when we made an enquiry regarding restaurants nearby. I would probably stay there again travelling alone, but for a romantic getaway, I will probably choose elsewhere.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Location, large rooms for central London","Just around the corner from Russell Square Tube station, the Imperial and its sister hotel are in a great location - the rooms are unusually large for London, although lacking Air Con, meaning once its more than 20C outside it does become uncomfortable. This is the same for the lobby and restaurants downstairs - I stayed on the following day to do some work and it was too hot!  Having said that, given the location and the size of the rooms, I would stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel great location,"Room was clean, staff were polite and helpful. Great location close to most attractions and tube close by.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but wont go back,"Good location if you only want basic accomodation. Full english breakfast good, but dining room very busy and staff seated you where they wanted, not enough tables for two so you were put next to anyone, mainly from different nationalities that often did not speak english so this was a little awkward. Staff friendly and helpfull. Downside was  lots of noise from the Russell Hotel opoisite on the friday night.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1500-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice European Hotel,"I stayed here for three nights in a single room before my Contiki tour. I booked it through Contiki for a discounted rate. I arrived early in the morning, checked-in, my room was available. Hotel staff were always friendly and helpful. Room was small, but ok for one person. Room had single bed, desk, flat screen TV, was clean, serviced daily, had a nice view facing Russell Square. The bed was hard. I would stay here again based on location, price, and service. The only downfall would be the room keys are attached to a long medal rod. There are no electronic card keys. You must return your room key to reception each time you leave the hotel. There was free wifi in the lobby, but it was very slow and not worth the hassle.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Am I missing something or what??,"Going by some of the reviews I read I pretty well prepared for not the worst, but nearly.  This hotel was brilliant!!  Staff as friendly as they needed to be, our double room upgraded to executive for no apparent reason and huge, spacious, clean, quiet, bathroom lovely with all that was needed, 4 tea and coffee sachets per day, breakfast really good, so no mushrooms or potato scones - so what - but sausages, bacon, eggs, beans, tomatoes etc plus cereal and fruit juice - what more do you need.  I am ashamed to say I particularly ate 4 eggs on the first morning.  Had fish and chips in the hotel bar downstairs and it was great.  Sat outside in the sheltered drinks area and enjoyed watching the world go by.  We walked everywhere, no transport at all for the 4 days, saw more this way…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"great location with rooms which were clean and comfortable. However some of the staff appeared rude and surly. From my experience even  the most basic B&B will have complementary ""tea/coffee & biscuits"" in the room. This is obviously too much to ask for at the Imperial where they leave just two coffee/tea sachets. Beds on the small side with very soft mattresses. Breakfast average with the tea and coffee having an unusual taste, baked beans watered down, bread stale. Also if you're on one of the lower floors as i was the clanging from the kitchens might keep you awake. Regardless of the above comments it was overall a good experience.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and great value,"Got a great deal with Superbreak £112 for 2 nights B&B single room (usually £88 per night  / £176 ).  The hotel is fine / tourist class and for that money I was not expecting any frills.  The room really was a single but perfectly adequate for my needs with TV and tea / coffee facility. and en suite.  The mattress was not usual hotel quality firmness but I slept well nonetheless.  Also, the towels were quite threadbare (good for skin exfoliation : )   I was in London for the FA Cup final so it helped me to save some money to put towards the cost of my cup final ticket.  The location is superb.  A short walk to the West end nightlife / Soho / Chinatown and a lovely square / gardens adjacent to relax in, plus British Museum nearby.  The nearest tube station is only 2 minutes walk…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","A GOOD HOTEL IN A GOOD LOCATION, WILL BE GOING BACK ON MY NEXT VISIT!","Booked a night via Travel Republic at £88 for single room, hotel is very close to Russell Square underground, on check in staff were very helpful and polite. Room [single] was larger  than I had expected and was very clean and had all the necessary things i.e TV, tea and coffee, bath and soap and clean towels. I was pleasantly surprised when I ordered Room Service and being charged £10 for fries, beverage and salad, foods was tasty.  English breakfast was tasty, hot and fresh. I will definately be returning to this hotel on my next visit, after staying at there sister hotel The County I didnt know what to expect but I guess paying that little extra really does get you quality. Only thing thats abit dated is the enormous room key!",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1505-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very good hotel and good value for central London,"Hotels of this star rating in Britain are notorious for being over-priced and of highly variable standards.  So we were very pleased to find that the Imperial represents pretty good value considering its central London location, yet overlooking beautiful Russell Square.  There are lots of great eating places around and Oxford Street is only 15 minutes walk away, and you pass the British Museum en route.  It was fully staffed by attentive people, the room was clean and the breakfast superb.  Nothing to complain about at all.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",my garden shed's in better shape,"Picked this hotel because of location and it appeared to provide value.  The reception given sets the tone - and this was flat.  We were sent to the wrong room because the number had been missread by the porter, everybody makes mistakes but we were made to feel it was our fault, and this happened twice!  The hotel is very tired and the room was scruffy, although the bedlinen was clean.  The bathroom smelt and we would have had a lovely view of Russell Square if we could have seen out the filthy windows. There was a dangerous nail in the door that served a hanger for the room availability tag. The breakfast was 'canteen style' so you are sitting so close to your neighbour that there is a definate feeling of discomfort.  The food is quantity not quality and the staff act as if…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A must stay hotel well worth the money & location is fantastic.,"This was my first ever stay in London & went with my mum who knows London as has worked there some years ago. We checked in & the receptionests werer fantastic. The porters couldnt do enough to help us as we both use sticks with being disabled. The twin roon was basic but clean & tidy & well presented. All the staff had such good Customer care & Customer Services, Also the House keepers were fantastic, all were pleased 2 help in anyway they could. The only down fall is that the street facing rooms were very noisey even with the windows closed, They could & should be upgraded 2 double or triple glazing as that would cut the traffic noise down 2 a minimum. We both have enjoyed our stay. A we are looking forward to coming back in May 2013 for this time a weeks stay not just 3…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but needs to do better,"Staff - friendly and efficient room - clean; dated decor, bit worn free wifi in lobby - nothing in rooms - hardly acceptable in 2011 at over £110 per night! Breakfasts - large but not haute cuisine! bar food - mediocre and small menu. Location good - tube and rail very close at hand.",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"The girls at the reception desk were very welcoming and made me feel they had been waiting just for me! However, some of the staff at the porter's desk were quite indifferent though polite enough.  My room on the 7th floor was a very pleasant surprise and it turned out that the whole hotel had been refurbished a couple of years ago. I was given a room on the back side as I had requested a quiet location but next time I shall book one overlooking Russell Square as the windows were well insulated. The pillow cases were changed every day (three days) and even so the towels. The staff in the breakfast restaurant was very polite and attentive and my only complaint would be that both the toast and the bacon were like rubber, the knife could hardly cut through it. Poor knives perhaps?…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1510-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant value for brilliant location!,"My mother and I stayed here for a shopping and show trip, the location was brilliant, we walked to most places only using the tube to get to the tower of London, we will definatley return! Only thing is it's a wee bit noisy at night, but u r in London afterall!",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - poor standard,Negatives *  Front Office / Reception staff very rude *  Rooms require maintenance *  Overpriced *  Poor Room Service *  Parking Expensive *  Management don't care Positives *  Breakfast staff very professional *  Location,Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel and very helpful staff, FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!","I took my mothers to London for her 60th birthday to see a west end show, it was the first time either of us had been to London.  We were upgraded to a bigger room on arrival.  The room was light and airy, clean and comfortable.  The staff were extremely helpful as we didn't know our way around.  The hotel is very close to Russell street tube station which was great. The hotel is not to far from oxford street which is easily within walking distance. The breakfasts at this hotel are absolutley gorgeous, so much to choose from.  It was buffet style so you could eat all you wanted which really set us up for a hard days shopping. We also ordered room service  which was very quick and the food was lovely.  I would definatley reccommed this hotel and i would definatley stay there…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great value, a comfortable stay!","The Imperial helped make my most recent trip to London one of the best ever. Not only did the staff work to give us a room as soon as possible after a long, overnight flight from Toronto, they also gave us a complimentary upgrade to a suite. Sure, the room's decor as a bit dated, but that only added to the charm.  It was clean, comfortable and in a great location - only a 15 minute walk to the west end theatre district. The buffet breakfast was an added bonus with plenty of hot and cold choices. I will certainly return.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good quality","We recently styed at this hotel for a weekend trip to London. For the price, the location and quality of the hotel were marvellous. The only downsides to the hotel were the dated curtains and bed covers and the poor service at breakfast time.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1515-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely recommend this hotel as a good value base for Central London stay,"We booked 3 rooms direct with the hotel. We were driving so found the car park below the hotel ideal (£18.00 per day). We were upgraded on arrival and found our rooms very spacious with a settee and nice bathroom although you might want to take a small jar of a branded coffee with you!. (The rooms were certainly better than many others we've stayed in London for similar price or more!)  Breakfast was a typical full English buffet style of the usual standard.. There was fruit, cereal and rolls but no other Continental options. My only criticism would be the lack of any crunch to the anaemic soft white toast!  The staff were all very friendly and seemed happy to help. I would certainly recommend this as an ideal base for central London and very good value.",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel in good central position for Theatres,"Spent one night at the Imperial to see matinee performance of Les Miserables.  We were very early arriving at hotel but we were booked in, and even though our room was not ready were allowed to leave our overnight bag. It was an easy 25 minute walk to the Palace Theatre, and back again after the show. If we had wanted to use the Underground the Russel Square staion is only a few minutes walk away. We decided to eat dinner in the hotel, and had an excellent meal in the sister hotel The President.  (The restaurant at the Imperial appears to be used only for breakfast, but there was a bar available for snacks, or the dining room in the President which is accessed directly from the Imperial)  The room was very clean and in excellent decorative order; the staff were all very friendly…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing value - especially the bar!,"It's staggering that anyone can question tbe value on offer here. We stay every time we visit London because it's incredible value for its location - overlooking lovely Russell Sq, less than 5 mins from British Museum and easy walking distance of Covent Garden and West End. The rooms are clean and mostly recently refurbished. The staff are helpful and the Night & Day bar sells good pub food and beer at LESS THAN £3 A PINT. For central London, that is remarkable. People are welcome to shop around for better value in a comparable location - I wish them luck!!",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",fabulous,"I was here with one young son and was delighted with the size of the room, the facilities, the friendliness of staff and their helpfulness.  We both slept like logs (comfy beds) despite a little traffic noise  in our front facing room - you are in the middle of a city after all !!!  We even left the window open as the room was so warm, so if it had been closed you would not have heard much as we were onthe seventh floor.  You can't fault the location  with a tube a couple of minutes away and buses handy too.  I have been raving about the hotel since I came home and would definately book this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money in a capital city.,"Recently stopped at this hotel during half term. Great place as a base. Nothing flash but I thought all the staff were helpful and polite. The rooms were very clean, with good bathroom toilet area. The rooms were cleaned everyday even on a short stay. I was pleasently suprised by the good standard of cooking on the breakfast service. There was a good selection  of various choices of breakfast and the staff were really nice. If you want a base in the middle of London that is good value this is it. BUT this is not the Yorkshire Dales it can be noisy on the streets and I suppose the hotel could be depends on other guests. Roll the dice!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1520-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",NEEDS URGENT RENOVATION,"I stayed in this hotel after almost ten years and nothing seems to have changed, but the hotel looked dated and needs some renovation, the rooms and lobby looked overly overused and lacks and excitement. My single room was very small and i think better options are available in London if you are prepared to spend 20 minutes extra in the tube. Although nothing wrong with the Hotel. Overall i would not stay again and at Stg. 85 better options are available",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",ear plugs,"had a girlie weekend for my birthday and have stayed in this hotel before with no problems, that is untill this time when we spent most of our nights shouting at german students to shut it as they were having their own party with the music blaring through the corridoors dressed as the hoff, as at 1st we thought very funny at 9.30am outside the lifts in his little outfit with a bottle of vodka but as you can imagine it wears thin when they are banging on your door at 4.50am as they cant find their room as plastered drunk, i would advise to stay away from here unless your 18 and dont need any sleep and possess a pair of baywatch shorts or you could end up in court on day 2 of your holiday for atempted murder.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value for the price, great location with spacious room and bathroom","We have found a new favourite hotel in London now that we're going to use from now on, whether business or pleasure, in London.  We liked that:  -the rooms were big for two people (with a sofa bed). Also, the room was warm and nice.  -there was  a spacious bathroom with a bath tub, quite recently renovated and really clean as well.   -the location was superb, the tube station was located practically around the corner, as well as the British Museum.  -our room was really quiet. We requested for a quiet room and got one. (By the way, it is recommended to ask for a room not facing the busy street and from the upper floors. Our room had a view to the inner yard. Also, maybe it is best to reserve a room from the hotel's own web page. We found some rooms cheaper somewhere else, but…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for short stays/ pre or post tours,"We stayed in this hotel as our first night with Contiki Holidays before the start of our tour.  Our room had 2 single beds, a flat screen tv, the toilet was in one bathroom and the tub/ show and sink were in another. Our key had a huge rod on the end, probably 12 inches... they said they did this so people wouldn't take the key with them when they left the hotel for the day... instead you can leave it at the front desk. Good idea so you don't lose it! There was no A/C in our room and it was over looking a main street so it was pretty noisy! The room was clean, not very spacious but thats what you get in Europe.. The hotel did have an elevator! The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a restaurant connected to it called Night & Day pub which has good pub food and drinks…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, Basic, Centrally Located","In these financially straightened times offers basic, very centrally located accommodation for a reasonable rate. In all areas other than value and location it really rates no more than average. Try and avoid rooms overlooking the busy street - as traffic noise is an issue. To eat I would advise a short walk to the streets near the British Museum (5-6 minutes away) which offer a reasonable selection of restaurants/cafes and pubs. The room and bathroom was clean, the television reception was poor and intermittent. Great  for a short stay business trip  - but wouldn't be the place for the special weekend in London with the wife.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1525-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Ok, but more like a hostel","Cheap for London.  Staff were pretty average.  I wouldn't say the room was clean (mould in the bathroom and crumbs on carpet).  However, you get what you pay for and I didn't think the price was bad at all.",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Staff seemed untrained, incompetent and uncaring","The only hotel that's ever refused to accept payment by credit card over the phone.  I booked on behalf of a business colleague who was kept waiting at Reception on the morning after his overnight stay until I got into work, although he had a meeting to attend and the hotel did have my credit card details.  In the end he paid for himself and reclaimed his expenses.  The hotel would have been quick enough to take payment from my credit card if he'd been a no-show! In addition, he'd phoned the hotel a few hours after I'd made the booking to advise of late arrival, only to be told there was no booking in his name.  I had to phone the hotel again and sort it out and then phoned my colleague to confirm he did have a bed for the night after all!",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","comfy, but not too frilly and expensive","I would recommend this hotel mainly for the location, as well as it's proximity to public transport and other places of interest.  It's is especially suited for the budget-conscious traveller; somewhere which is not too frilly but at the same time without forgoing certain comforts such as cleanliness and rooms with bathrooms.    I was also impressed by the staff who were very helpful and friendly; two factors which I wasn't exactly expecting from a hotel in London. They certainly made the stay a very pleasant one.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Older hotel, not luxurious but great price and location","My son is studying in London and staying at the adjacent Presidential hotel (a good deal lower-end compared to the Imperial) so my husband, son and I stayed in a triple at the Imperial.  It was exactly as I had suspected - a bit old fashioned but manageable.  We've had a nice sized room, a reasonable bathroom, although we needed to work on the strong shower that made the shower curtain leak water, and the sink spigots that were too short and not designed for the sinks. Toilets worked great.  Free breakfast appears to be typical English breakfast but with cold toast, dead kippers, any kind of egg you want but unexciting rolls, etc.  One particular porter has been exceptionally helpful and nice.  Location is great, and the price exceptional - $206 US dollars a night for 3 people…",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Yes & No !,"this hotel is very well located for tourists.  it is part of the Imperial Hotels Group which have a bunch of hotels in the Bloomsbury area but it is a bit like a hostel....basic &  full of tourists  on a cheap holiday break.   there are big lines for breakfast at peak times with - true to type - spanish speakers and italians not observing the line and pushing in and japanese guests putting all sorts of odd food items  together on their plate !!  overall though good value....clean and organised,  but remember to put a 'do not disturb' sign on the door as the housekeeping staff are there early in the morning !     for those with cars...the car park below is one of the cheapest in central london !",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1530-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay in London!,"My fiance and I thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Imperial during our trip to London. The location can't be beat - super close to The British Museum and Russell Square Station. Our room was very large, and the bathroom even bigger. The staff was helpful when we inquired about directions, etc., and we had no problem with the cleanliness of the place. They serve a large and tasty English breakfast that is perfectly adequate. The hotel is a bit old-fashioned in decor, but we weren't there to sit in the hotel room and stare at the walls. We would definitely stay at the Imperial again; it's a good value for the money. And London is a fantastic city to visit!",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"A very good hotel for a visit to London.  Great hotel, nice areas to relax and enjoy tea or a drink. Service pretty good with most staff friendly and helpful. Good bar on first floor, nice views and relaxing chairs, beware the Asian barman, can be surly especially if you want a drink near closing time, had his coat on at 22.30! bar closes at 23.00. Cheap bar, Night and Day, on ground floor.  Will certainly stay here again, and would recommend it to others.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, good value, but a bit retro on decor and service",I stayed at this hotel in October 2010 while in London for a few days vacation following a business trip.  I moved here from the ultra modern (and ultra-expensive) hotel where my company was putting me up. I really enjoyed the location - very close to the British Museum and the St Pancras train station.  I also got a very good room rate and the room was fairly big compared to others I have stayed at in London.  The bathroom had a bathtub in it (a first for me while staying in London).  The room was clean and quiet although the decor was a bit old and they have a very antiquated key system (room keys on giant keychains that you drop off with the front desk when you leave the hotel).  The breakfast was buffet syle and not very vegetarian-friendly but a good choice if you like a…,Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish - waste of money.,"This hotel (if you can even call it a hotel) was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at.  The receptionists are rude, unfriendly and unco-operative.  As soon as you walk in you can smell egg and dirt. The lifts do not work and I had to carry my very heavy bag all the way down 7 flights of stairs.  The room is dirty. The carpet is old. The sheets are greasy and the decor is very old school as though you are living in the 80's.   I was digusted to use their towels as they had black marks on them and were ripped from the edges so I had to go and buy my own.   The doors do not have a 'peep hole' to see who is knocking on your door. Very dangerous. Doors are not card activated but you have to use a key (very old fashioned), which you have to give to reception when you go in and out.  …",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",OAP's use your Bus Pass,"Had 2 night, 3 day break at Imperial Hotel, Russell Square.Cannot fault the hotel, it is perfectly situated for both busses and tube, also the area is pleasant to stay in. The British Museum is 5 mins walk and Oxford Street 15 min walk.  There are loads of places near to the hotel to eat , The Diner just across the road from the Hotel offers two course meal for £8 95, we found portions and quality good. The coffee shop in the Hotel, The Atrium offers a nice place to relax with coffee at £1 30 per cup!  Although we did not eat at hotel other than breakfast we met people who had had the carvery at the President (sister hotel adjoining the Imperial via the coffee shop) they were very impressed with it.  Our room was large and overlooked the entrance which is within a courtyard, it…",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1535-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Temple of Mediocrity - well worth avoiding,This hotel seems locked in a time warp and entering it is like stepping back into the late 1960s or early 1970s when London hotels were almost uniformly dull and basic . The corridors are endless - even sinister (think of “The Shining”) - and devoid of décor. The single room which I had was tiny - approximately 8 ft by 16 ft. including the space taken up by the very basic bathroom. Furniture was plain in the extreme and the bed had a single thin blanket and sheet but no duvet. There were two thin pillows only. The most modern thing in the room was the flat-screen television but it didn’t work. The bathroom provided two small threadbare towels and on the second day this was reduced to one. Soap and shampoo were of institutional quality. I woke on my second morning with a large…,Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel London - A Very Good Experience,"I had planned for a weekend break in London with my wife and since I wanted to see Les miserables, I preferred to book a hotel close to Piccadilly circus. When I read the reviews about the Imperial hotel  I was very undecided. I gambled and made my booking.  All that was written in the reviews had to be filtered well. Our experience at the Imperial was very good. The Staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was very tridy and also the breakfast was very satisfactory. The price you pay you'r are getting it back. Having Russell Square Underground station, makes it even easier to travel. Next time I'll be in London, I will again book a room at the Imperial.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, Loud noise from street","Very very basic european hotel. Clean room, but was very warm in the room in mid-May. Street noise on the 3rd level made for very poor sleep. Also, not a big fan of only having one key and checking it back in with the front desk when leaving the hotel.  Casino next door was a good time though!",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"Good service, good room, good breakfast and fantastic value. ",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Undeniably good value but only for those who don't want luxury,"My parents had recommended this hotel to me but I was a bit worried after I read the reviews here. It was £107 a night and that included a hit breakfast ( not v nice we only had it once) and a three course dinner for 2 one night ( as we are foodies and  the breakfast was not nice we didn't use this voucher).  So it's good value for central London - close to russel square station and we thought the location was excellent. As we were staying 3 nights they upgraded us to the top level room but the room they gave us was not nice - fairly small, rip in one if the chairs , sheets did not fit the bed and right in the corner of the l-shaped hotel so could see into others rooms and vice versa. We considered getting another hotel (and they would have refunded us the 3 night tarrif) but we…",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1540-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",No more.,"I have been here too many times. A while ago i refused to go anymore after i came down with a rash. I went again for the first time in ages recently, and came out blotchy again. It may be a coincidence, who knows, or i may just be alergic to their detergents. But I am not going back. Generally the hotel is depressingly dull, dull , dull. Has the feeling of a 1970s youth hostel. The enormous keys are hilarious.  The food is ok at breakfast, but the juice is like some syruppy cordial.   The bar is quite good for a hotel bar to be fair.  The reception staff are always polite and professional, but the systems are as antiquated as the decor. Its true that it is hard to get decent affordable hotels in London , but I know several better.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A little poor but ok,"Stayed at the Imperial for 1 week vactaion. Had a single room. Room was alright, im from a big city so the noice outside didnt bother me much, was very hotso  the windows had to stay up. First night i watched some tv cause it was to hot to sleep, got complaines from the people in the next room, tv wasnt even loud, but the walls was very thin and i could hear the couple next door doing their um private buissines. The doors to the hotelroom scares the h... out of you when they closes with a HUGE bang.  The staff in the reseption is not very nice, they could put on a smile. A lot of the guest had complains, a American lady came down and said the cleaning lady had come in to her room while she was naked and refused to leave, the staff at the hotel just laughed and did nothing.  Also…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","exelent location,very very very poor breakfast","We stayed for five nights at the imperial was a little worried about the reviews i read before but the receptionest where frendly the room was ok( for a an old london hotel) and was kept cleaned and changed fresh towels every day about the traffick noise was""nt that bad. What we dislike in this hotel is the horrible breakfas especialy their disgusting toastt,every single day thesame discusting items for five cosecutive mornings never changed a single item poorest breakfast I""ve ever had.The other thing that I was disappointed about was that when we cheaked out as we had to leave our bags at the reception we where asked to pay 50c for each bag. But after all was""nt that bad if it was for the breakfast,for one to use this hotel for sleeping and location it is good.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A great soviet museum,"Welcome back to 1980s Soviet Moscow!!  Good location, but the interior decor is hilarious, and feels like a step back in time. I really expected a babushka on every floor and a communist party commissar checking our documents! The reception is particularly hilarious.     Rooms are ok but no better than that. Really this place could do with a massive upgrade to the decor.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value Hotel in good location,"Was on a Superbreak 3 day stay last weekend(16/17/18th) originally for the President. Got upgraded to the Imperial, and were very pleased with this hotel. Reception very good - we were picky about location of room as regards noise and access, and were not disappointed. Breakfasts were excellent, hot and tasty food, tea/coffee and plenty of cereals etc, with pleasant and helpful staff. Only grouse was the quality of the 2 towels (no hand towels) which were quite hard and greyish and the disappearance of the bath mat on the first Morning, not good for ""Mature"" people getting out of a deep bath. Of course the location of the group of hotels is very good for access to sightseeing and theatres in the city. Would strongly recommend this Hotel and the President",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1545-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"Stayed here on a one night theatre break - as everyone says the location is great - there are reasonable restaurants close by and transport links are very convenient. The hotel needs some updating - it would not cost much to bring the reception and restaurant areas out of the 1960s (check out the restaurant carpets). The buffet breakfast was just about OK - tremendously busy and a bit like old-style Butlins (for British readers of a certain age), but the restaurant staff were very efficient and friendly. However, some of the front desk staff clearly need to go back to Charm School (if they ever went).  We had an executive double room, and it was a good size if a bit basic furnishing wise. The bathroom was fine.  If you want a reasonably cheap base for London touring this is OK.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, reasonable rates, comfortable rooms and breakfast","The Imperial Hotel is the largest of this chain of hotels located close to the Russell Tube station. It is an easy trip to and from Heathrow Airport on the Piccadilly Line and gives you easy access, by walking, tube, bus or taxi to Convent Garden, Leister Square, Soho and the Theatre District, British Museum as well as Oxford and Regent Street shopping. The rooms are okay, given all your want to do is sleep there and a full English breakfast is included - a great way to start your day.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","friendly staff, clean rooms, reasonable breakfast, good location,value for money","Easy walk from Euston station, really friendly and helpful reception, rooms very clean well proportioned, impressed with the separate toilet and bathroom , breakfast was average. Staff happy to help.  Hotel is convenient for shopping and theatre with bus stops outside the hotel.  even Mother and Aunt in thier 70,s had no complaints, Would go back to this hotel!!  Value for money!",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible customer service, expensive.","I read the reviews on here and had better expectations for this hotel.  On arrival at the hotel there was no-one on reception.  After 5 mins I asked a porter if anyone was working.  The reply was ""I think they are busy"".  I had to force him to go and have a look for me and when he returned he confirmed again that the staff were busy.  We kept waiting as more frustrated customers came into the Hotel.  Finally a receptionist appeared but she was dealing with a complaint from another customer.  She didn't apologise to anyone for the wait or ask us to be patient, she just ignored the line of customers!!  After about 10 mins another receptionist appeared and asked if he could help us.  he didn't apologise for the wait and when I questioned him about it he said ""it's dinner time, our…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for money,"Met up with family here for a girls weekend break.Clean comfortable rooms and good cooked breakfast. Staff helpful and apologetic when the workmen on the road outside cut off the water,soon rectified. Ideal location close to Holborn and Russell Square tube stations and within walking distance of Euston(approx 15mins) Good value for money and would stay again.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1550-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and value,"Spent 4 days here in September travelling with a friend.  We had an executive twin room and it was very spacious and comfortable, even 2 basins in the bathroom.  Internet was free, but you need your own cable.  We hired one of theirs for a refundable GBP5 deposit.  Breakfast was a very good  buffet.  There were no queues.  Location was excellent , being close to Russell Sq tube.  Our room overlooked the entrance courtyard and was quiet.  Would definitely go back - excellent value for money in London.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in an amazing location,"Very welcoming hotel, with nices porters and reception clercks who helped and gave advices to all of our questions. I got a room in the 7th floor which was quite and had a nice view and had an LCD tv. It was cleaned every day.Just little two minuses: The breakfast was ok, but I wish there were cheese and vegetables which were lacking. In the room's bathroom there weren't liquid sope or shampoo so don't forget to bring one of your own. Anothe plus- In the Lauch area of Imperial hotel and President (that share the same lunch) there's a internet wireless free zone which is great. The hotel is located in Russell square in the center of London and just near a Tube station which was so conveniet. To conclude it was a fine hotel and served us great in an amazing week of explorering…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","cheap, meets your needs - would stay again","Cheap single rooms at £80 B&B. Very centrally located – between Russell Sq and Holborn tubes. Single rooms are standard London size i.e. about 8 ft wide at the widest point (3 ft at narrowest) with clever use of space for storage/bathroom. Surprisingly the bathroom is relatively large (5 ft 5 ins x 6 ft) – with a whole bath!!! And shower. And it was very clean. None of the free things provided, i.e. no fridge, no shampoo or conditioner or body wash – only a bar of soap. However there is a trouser press, hairdryer, kettle, milk sugar and basic tea and coffee – bring your own tea bags if you like a nice cuppa! There is free wired internet (wireless wasn’t working when I was there) – bring your own Ethernet cable, or pay £5 deposit for theirs, but theirs are very short (15 inches…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A First Class Tourist Grade Hotel,"Stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights on a short break to London. This is an excellent hotel in a great location for both rail and tube links. Our room was on the 4th floor which had been completely renovated recently and the executive room was clean, spacious and welcoming. The Imperial has great facilities i.e. on site bar and restaurants serving basic but good value meals, breakfast offered an excellent range and was well cooked and presented. Staff were, without exception, pleasant and helpful. We would certainly stay in this hotel again and recommend it highly. As a tourist grade hotel it far exceeds our past experiences . Well done Imperial, you are getting it right",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent short break hotel,"I have read some poor reviews for this hotel but would like to say that I have no complaints following our two night stay. The twin rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable and the breakfast was very good. The hotel staff were very polite and extremely helpful and are rooms were cleaned, linen changed etc on the 2nd day of our 2 night stay. Great location and excellent choice booked through Supabreak for a reasonable priced hotel in City Centre.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1555-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money for our short break,"Just stayed at the Imperial for a 3 night break. The hotel was serviceable with very clean room. We were 7th floor - and had choice of front of hotel view but could be noisy, or facing courtyard, quieter. Opted for courtyard. Windows were scary in that you could open them fully - 7th floor - eeek! The hotel decor is perhaps a little tired and dated, but for the price we paid, the hotel and its facilities, toegther with location, were more than adequate. All staff were very friendly and nothing too much trouble. Breakfast - average - no complaints. Would we go back again - yes",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Olf fashioned hotel, not suitable for lengthy stays","Hotel is generally OK, but they need to really update it. Interior through-out the hotel is about 20 or 30 years old. Rooms are a nice size, and are cleaned perfectly every day. If you plan on making a business trip for a lengthy period you will find the hotel very mundane. No iron available for the room was also very inconvenient, there was only an 'ironing room' which was up on the 6th floor, which closes at half 9. Staff are ok, some more friendly and easy to deal with than others. All in all it was fine, great location, but if you have a few extra pound, go elsewhere!",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",small rooms. excellent location,"The location is ideal, across the street from Russell Square, lots of restaurants and shops near by.  Quick walk to Piccadilly Circus and Leister Square. The funniest thing about this hotel is the room key.  Its a key on a large pole.  Its so big that you have to give it to the front desk before you leave.  Its one way of not having to buy room keys all the time.  The room was small.  It had a separate room with just a toilet and the other room had a sink and bathtub.  No shampoos so make sure you bring some.  It was fairly noisy, my room was outside the hotel - on the street so you could hear the busses, cars, ambulances all night.  But the bed was very comfy.  There was some brown (blood?) smear on a wall.  But beds and the rest of the room was clean. The breakfast was good,…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, good breakfast and great location","The service was good, spacious (in London's terms) room, the hotel is round the corner from Russell Square tube station and across the road from various bus stops. Also it is 2 minutes walk from the British Museum. They did not offer shampoo and shower caps, so make sure you take your own, also the hotel does not have a caffeteria. However it has a good pub with great food. No internet access in the hotel room, only in the lobby.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A old fashioned Hotel which would need a total makeover,The hotel is very large and busy with tourists. The rooms are quite small and show heavy use. The hotel would benefit from a total makeover. It benefits from a good location near Russell Square and only 5 minutes walk to the British Museum.  Breakfast is very basic and average quality. With some search work there are better options for the same or less money.,Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1560-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Service and Breakfast need improvement,"I stayed in the Imperial this month and was very disappointed in the quality of food offered for the breakfast.  It was absolutely horrible.  My friend even got food poisoning from the watery scrambled eggs,  Bread was cold, coffee was as black as tar, tea was tepid, selection was poor.  Perhaps they could let some of the extra waiters go and spend that money on a better quality breakfast.  We had to stop eating there it was so bad and decided to go to Starbucks every morning and just pay extra. As for the room, it was generally clean, but the mirror and TV screen had a great deal of dust on them.  The view from the 5th floor street side was great, but it was a bit noisy.  The shower was the best thing about the room.   We booked an Evan Evans tour from the hotel and were not…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel for a London vacation,"Nice hotel for a 3-4 days vacation in London. Clean rooms and friendly staff. The continental breakfast was terrible though and you had to ask for a dry slice of cheese. If you are going to London and just need a nice bed to sleep in, I can fully reccomend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",choose this hotel for perfect vacation,"Once we arrived at the hotel, the reception desk got us with a big smile, they helped us to choose the best roots and sites. the room was very clean,and the atmosphere in the hotel was very relaxed.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",It was like staying in Fawlty Towers...,"This was the first and only time I will ever stay in this hotel.  It is set in the 1970s and has not moved on.  You have to check in at one desk,  then move to the next desk to pay (as they only have one credit card machine), then move to the next desk to collect your room key (yes a key, attached to a large metal bar so that you don't pinch it!!!).  I've never know checking-in to be such a hassle.  Check-in staff were all foreign with poor english who really had no interest in smiling, or being particularly helpful.  The room was dirty and dated, with very few mod-cons.  The area is noisy, and not great to walk around at nighttime.  The beds are horrendously uncomfortable.  I didn't have the heart to try breakfast so left at 7am and walked down the road to Starbucks.  To be…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than President,"After staying for 2 nights at the President hotel I moved to the Imperial for 4 nights. Room was much better, cleaner, felt safer. But, still, paper thin walls and could not sleep because the TV in the next room was too loud. As in the President, breakfast was low quality food but English breakfast cannot be good anyway. At the Imperial waiters bring you the tea and were sometimes slow and I had to go and ask them to bring me some. I avoid drinking coffee if it is not good quality espresso. I asked for a more silent room and got one on the 9th floor. Single rooms here also face the inner yard (like in the President), not Russell square. There are some electric generators or air conditioning system there which are very noisy but on the 9th floor was ok, even with the window…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1565-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great value,"we were very pleased with the service every member of staff was polite ,helpful and had a smile.rooms were clean roomy and plenty of wardrobe space. breakfast was lovely and a good set up for the day. the bar was great we could relax with good food and drink very cheaply and in a lovely atmosphere. really good value great location .we will be using the imperial on a regular basis. just one moan, please put more tea coffee in rooms  oh and towels need renewing.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location.....Good hotel for the price,"I always stay near Russell Square when I visit London, this is my first time at this hotel and I would stay again.  For the price of this place it is close to Russell Square tube station, you are more in a neighboorhood that has lots of bars and restaurants around.  Rooms were small but how often are you really in your room in this city.  Free breakfast was great had anything you would want.  No this isn't the Hilton so don't expect that.  Having a bar, variety store , internet , bank and everything at one location was awesome.  Would stay here again for sure.........Get a room on the backside of hotel much quieter.....not the greatest view, but worth the quiet.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Dated, noisy and poor value.","There are a number of fine hotels on Russell Sq. so when my travel coordinator said I was to stay in a hotel at this location my mind wandered to the grandeur of the Georgian built, lavishly appointed Russell Sq. Hotel. In reality, on arrival to the hotel, I was confronted with a concrete sixties monstrosity who rooms seems to have not been update since about that time.  One thing that really annoyed me was I paid the “rack rate” of £140 for a room, on arrival their rack rates were displayed and a single room is only £80. The night front of house staff had not explanation for this, nor did they really care. So of course one would feel cheated! Matter of fact £140 would have paid for the highest rated room not the pokey single I ended up with according to the clearly displayed…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, good value for money and great location","This is my second stay at the Imperial Hotel we stayed for 3 nights.  Rooms clean and beds comfortable. Breakfast good with a good variety of food.  The free three course meal offer when you book 2 nights was great. You have a choice of places to eat we chose to eat at the President Carvary at the President Hotel adjoining the Imperial Hotel it was very good.  The staff are very friendly especially in the Night and Day Bar which is open until 1.00a.m for non-residents and 2.00am for residents.  This is very handy for drink after you have been to a show which finishes late. The location of the hotel is very good you can easily walk to West End, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great budget hotel, great location, just don't expect great service","We stayed here for 3 nights in June and paid £107 per night. We would probably go back if we were on a budget because this amount of money doesn't normally go far in London, and over-all we were fairly satisfied.  Good Points: - The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's right on Russel Square, about a minute's walk from a tube stop on the Piccadilly line, which we found to be pretty convenient for getting around. It's also an easy walk to Covent Garden, Euston or Kings Cross and Soho. - We stayed in room 815 on the 8th floor, looking out over Russell Square. The room had been recently refurbished and was very light and airy with a huge window. The bathroom was also quite new and very nice. There was a bath and a shower. - The room and bathroom were very clean  Bad…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1570-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel - good location,This was a pleasant hotel with a nice staff.  The rooms were comfortable and clean.  The breakfast was very good.  The location was excellent.,Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel & location....but...,"Stayed at the Hotel Imperial over the Bank Holiday weekend.  Great staff, good breakfast, and clean.  But...the bed put a whole new meaning into the word FIRM.  It was firm like a rock!  And I like a firm bed!  But this bed had no give at all. That said, the room was clean and fairly spacious (for London), the shower had plenty of pressure, and you could actually open the windows for fresh air!  Even though we were on the eighth floor, It was a trade off between a lot of traffic noise and a breeze, but the room overlooked Russell Square and the British Museum. The English Breakfast was good and hot, (Bacon, sausages, scrambled eggs, boiled eggs, beans, cooked tomatoes, porridge, choices of fruit, cereals and juices) and the staff were quick to clear dirty plates off the table. …",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel in central location,"Having stayed at other hotels in this group, my expectations were not very high. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are clean, well furnished and have been refurbished fairly recently. The location is great, very close to the British Museum and the West End. My room had a great view over the north of the city, with the consequent disadvantage of traffic noise from Russell Square below. One thing to be aware of is that the rooms do not have aircon. This was not a problem when I visited as I was able to open the windows when I went out for the day and then shut them when I went to bed to dim the traffic noise. I can see this being a problem in summer though. Amenities in the room included: Trouser press (but no iron/ironing board); Tea/coffee making facilities (real…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Who needs sleep?,"The Imperial Hotel, on Russell Square, is not the place to stay if one enjoys uninterrupted sleep; the sprung-loaded doors seem specifically designed to slam loudly, and do so until everyone has staggered up from the bar. I have slept in rooms on all sides of the hotel in an effort to escape either the noise of the casino, or 24/7 police cars and traffic; double glazing was obviously not invented when this structure was built. The only saving grace is actually nothing to do with the hotel, but the charming park and Italian café within. Every other aspect of the hotel is fine and of good value, but the sleep deprivation was a major problem for me and caused me to miss part of a conference.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Comfortable Well Situated Hotel,"I stayed at the Imperial last December for 6 nights. I booked a twin room as a friend was staying for a night as well. When I checked in I found to my delight that I had been upgraded (at no extra cost) to an executive twin room.  The room was spacious, well appointed, and quiet.  View was not so good, but as I spent little time in my room it didn't really matter.  Situated only a 2 minute walk to Russell Square tube (Piccadilly Line), a 15 minute walk to Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street, and a 5 minute walk to the British Museum.  I stay at the Imperial every time I visit London (at least once a year) and have always found it a comfortable hotel. The only criticism I would have would be that in winter (when I usually visit) the central heating is going flat out and there…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1575-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","overall our stay was v enjoable,spoilt by the abissmle service in the residents bar",the room cleanliness was second to none .clean sheets and towels daily. the brekfast was good if a little chaotic at the weekend.we had to ask several times for coffee. there were no egg cups and when i asked a mmber of staff for one he was reluctant to even look in the kitchen.the residents bar was hit and miss .we waited 20 minutes to be served and in the end went to reception to ask what was happening.they said the bars were nothing to do with them and why didnt we use the vwery busy public bar.not the reply i required we had had a busy day and wanted a quiet evening.this holiday was to celebrate a special birthday and it was marred by the attitude of the  staff. i feel that what was otherwise a very pleasurable expierience was spoilt in this way,Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Service,"Overall, I really loved the hotel and its location. It isn't very far from an underground station (picadilly square) and there are plenty of markets near it. Walk a little more and you'll find a bunch of resturants and the british mueseum of natural history.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value Hotel,"Stayed at the Imperial for 2 nights on a rail and city deal. Thought this hotel was excellent value for the location of  Russell Square, only a 15min walk to the theatre district and Covent Garden with plenty of restuarants and bars in the vicinity. The hotel bar was very popular with reasonable prices Rooms wers spotless and appeared to have been renovated. Breakfast was good and service on par with mid range London hotels.  If you have a room facing the courtyard this can be noisy due to the people coming and going from the casino but this did not spoil our stay If you are looking for a good value stay I would recommend the Imperial",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Decent, clean hotel, slightly dated.","This hotel is clean and adequate, good location no frills, absolutely exhausted when we got back to the room so slept like a log.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service,"The location is not great. The rooms are ok , expected little more cozy. However the service is incredible. The front staff is outstanding. The service in the restaurant is excellent, so nice and polite. Great job!!!! Thanks for making our stay enjoyable. Great management job!!",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1580-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location dated but very clean hotel most of the staff helpful,having lived in london before i picked this hotel for its location for my wife and myself to enjoy a short break. The hotel although dated in decor is kept very clean and smart. Most of the staff were polite friendly and helpful although one or two especially in the night and day bar could benefit from wearing a smile now and again. The room was very warm and the power shower excellent. The night and day bar had a varied menu all at reasonable prices seving food till very late. 3 minute walk from tube station and brunswick shopping centre 15 minute walk from euston or kings cross. It also has  the Gala casino attached to it. If you are a light sleeper the traffic is a bit noisy but apart from that it cant be faulted and will stay there again,Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect stay,"I recently stayed at the Imperial Hotel for 3 nights as part of a shopping and theatre trip with family. We booked a standard twin room and upon arrival at 11pm we found that the hotel had upgraded up to an exectutive twin which was a nice touch after a long days travelling. Breakfast, apart from being a little busy, was faultless. The food was hot and fresh and there was plent of staff available if anything was required. We chose to eat in the Saracen Carvery one evening before going to the theatre. We were seated promptly and the service was excellent and the food delicious. Unfortunately i didnt have the opportunity to sample the drinks in the Night & Day bar however we did order room service and this was delivered very quickly and again the food was hot and delicious. All in…",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but too much traffic noise,"I booked the Imperial for 2 nights as part of a theatre trip for my wife and me.  The location is very good with Covent Garden, theatre land, the west end, Kings Cross and Euston stations within easy walking distance.  I asked for a quiet room on a high floor with a view and got exactly that.  However, even on the top (9th) floor, the traffic noise on Russell Square was too much.  Both nights we were awoken 3 or 4 times by ambulance sirens (Great Ormond Street and another hospital are very close by) and also by general traffic.  The room was of a good size, very hot due to excellent heating, had tea/coffee facilities, comfortable beds and in the bathroom, soap but no shampoo and, strangely, 3 towels.  Breakfast was busy and did mean a short queue to get hot food from the buffet…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"After a disasterous start to our weekend, we were in a horendous hotel then got moved to The Imerpial Hotel, we had a great time the hotel is in a great position for everything, Russell Square tube station right round the cornor and Kings Cross Station 1 stop away. The rooms were spotless, very friendly, welcoming staff who were very helpfull in showing you directions to anywhere you wished to go. I would definetly stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, alright hotel","The hotel, as others have said, is in a good location. There are good views of the BT tower and russel square. It does get noisy at night time, the windows are thin so in summer if you wanted the window open it could be noisy.   The room itself was clean, although our tea cups were all dusty and a bit dirty inside so that was a bit off putting. The room was very warm, bed was comfortable and the tv has a range of channels should you wish to watch it.   The breakfast room was quite busy and we had to queue for a bit to get a cooked breakfast. There was a good choice of food i thought. Reception staff were polite and helpful, we checked in two hours earlier which was handy for us. All in all its a basic good grounding for a short stay in london. One night, maybe two is good enough…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1585-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel and trip,Travelled down to London from Liverpool on Virgin trains.Great journey  only took 2 hours.The Hotel Is In a great location.A short walk from Euston Station and the West End.The Hotel looks dated but the rooms are spot on.You can walk through to the hotel next door the Presidential a sister hottl and use the bar. I would reccomend It to people of all ages for a short stay.,Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The  worst hotel we ever stayed in.,"Service is out off order. We had to ask the waiter 2 times for Coffee at brekfast we had booked 2 rooms and both rooms were  ' not clean'  and VERY COLD, all members of our family were freezing at night,, there was only 1 extra blanket in the rooms, and it wasn't clean, both rooms were dbl. rooms, but in one the rooms there were only 1 towel. beware off the noise from russel square, it's annoying mostly because the windows in the rooms  could not close properly  one of the reviews describe this hotel as faulty towers,  I couldn't agree more. we still wounder how this could be a 3 star hotel..maimum 2 star. because of the WIFI, it  actually worked most off the time.",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, clean, warm, good location","Had to wait an hour after stated booking-in time for room to be ready but thereafter no problems. Room for 3 was bigger than expected, clean, and warm. Staff were fine. Breakfast very busy but plenty of food. Location gives easy access to Theatreland and central London.",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pros and cons,"The Imperial Hotel is certainly well place and within easy reach of many of the attractions that London has to offer. The style and decour of the hotel is now looking tired and a little tatty. I suspect that in 1982 it would have been a pretty swish place but in the age of chains like Premier Inn who can offer clean, affordable, modern rooms the Imperial shows its age. A smell of cooking vegetables prevaded the corridors and which reminded me of a hospital or school at meal times. Room keys were a pain in the butt with their foot-long metal rod attached. Room: small and pretty pokey. But recently refurbed I would say. Bathroom was clean and modern which can make all the difference. Breakfast: Most of the cooked breakfast was fine. Although I don't know how they manage to make…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Just back from a stay in the Imperial Hotel, London. Hotel is in a great loaction for  going to West End shows, shopping and clubs, very central. Oxford Street was in walking distance. Hotel was fine, bit dated but nice bar and hair salon, prices very reasonable in both. All in all good weekend, hotel was fine for putting the head down,.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1590-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Small room but did the job,"This is a handy location near Euston. The room was smaller than the Imperial Russell Square and although clean the bathroom fittings needed a bit of a refresh. As with the Russell Square, these hotels possibly have the most powerful showers I've ever stood under! Given it's location it was quiet and whilst suitable for a work stay I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic weekend away. It does the job but I wouldn't say you'd want to linger all day in the room. If I had to choose between the two I'd go with the Russell Square as the rooms are a bit bigger.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny Rooms for big people,"I'm tall and it was a the accommodations were a bit cramped for my taste. The hotel staff rushed my out of my room to clean while I was on a phone call back to the states :-( Great location, close to the the underground and British Museum.  Cheap £78 per night.",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, below average hotel","The location in Russell Square was excellent and close to all the main tourist spots and buses/trains. The hotel itself was very old and dated. I stayed in a single room and it is just a small single bed with a desk. The room smelt very musty and old and the bathroom door was broken and would not close. The worst part of this hotel for me is the inconvenience of having to leave your room key at reception every time you go out. The key is attached to a long metal rod. One night when I came back a group was checking in and I had to wait 20mins just to get my room key. Another time while waiting to get my key a couple were complaining that bags had gone from their room, I had been warned about this by my travel agent so I had the do not disturb on my door at all times. Overall I…",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Stay,"Stayed at this hotel in November.  Rooms good size for London and look to be recently renovated, however, if given room located at the front of the hotel or next to the lifts, exceptionally noisy.    Towels were very poor quality and extremely small size.  Breakfast mediocre, but with the large number of people in the hotel, not unexpected.     If having the buffet dinner in one of the hotel restaurants make sure you eat early otherwise it is lukewarm.   Great location, handy to the Stations if traveling on Eurostar or coming from the North of England.  Also very handy to the British Museum.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent in every way,"How anyone could give this hotel a bad review is beyond me! My husband and I found it to be practically perfect for our 3 day stay.  Very well situated within walking distance of most attractions and theatres, this saves on taxi fares for a start. We had a 5th floor room overlooking the rear courtyard which was quiet and was very spacious and clean.  The breakfast was good with an adequate choice.  The staff served tea and coffee at your table, and the toast was ready made, which saved queing at coffee machines and toasters, freeing up the buffet space. All the staff were pleasant and polite.  We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1595-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value with great breakfast,"I stayed here for two night whilst on a course in London. The price for a single room was £78 per night although I was upgraded to a twin room. On the first night I had the three course meal which was complimentary. I had the carvery and whilst this was not gormet food the meat was lovely. I felt at ease eating on my own. The room was very nice and clean with a seperate toilet and bath & sink. The beds were a little soft. I had a room on the 7th floor and yes Russell square is noisy through the old fashioned crittle windows but I had a wonderful view over London. It did not  stop me sleeping. The main areas are a little dated - but I find these quaint, and it reminded me of the 70's.   The breakfast was brilliant. Cereals, coffee , tea, toast, boiled eggs, scrambled and fried…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, top class cleanliness and and central location","Stayed at the Imperial midweek for a couple of days in November. Perfect location for visiting any part of London's West End, we were going to the theatre and shopping.   Hotel reception cosy and relaxing. Staff were superb ( repeat superb)  throughout, always hepful and polite.  Twin room on third floor overlooking courtyard was large and had good quality lighting  rather than the 40 watt bulbs provided by other hotels.  Breakfast  of hot and cold food ( all you can eat buffet) served to about 10 am, staff come around with tea and coffee which stops the buffet area getting clogged up.  Very clean hotel and we would definitely stay here again. by the way  the rooms are not air conditioned but you do not need that in London anyway.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","A bit overpriced, but a great location","This is a bit old fashioned hotel located in a very convenient location. As usual it is overpriced like everything in central London. I have stayed there in end November, 2009 for a tourist visit for 3 days in a twin room along with my wife. Although it was a twin room, we joined the beds easily (the beds are roller beds but comfortable) to make it a double bed. I will say it is a decent one for an expensive city like London, where rooms are small but clean, and toilets with shower and hot water, good English breakfast but limited choice and same menu every day, nice surroundings with lots of affordable restaurants to eat out. In my case toilet and shower area were completely separate, on either side of the passage in the room, bit unusual and uncomfortable but I am not sure if…",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Try to look for somehting better ...,"On the plus side the rooms were clean and functional, if a little basic. The staff were friendly and helpful and doing a good job in what is a sub-standard hotel. The location is excellent but don't get a room overlooking Russell Square - while the view from upper floors is great,  the noise from traffic is unbearable. Windows are very draughty and the heating has two settings - off and cremate. My room showed signs of forced entry, which doesn't inspire. The wireless network was broken and the tv had limited channels and was a bit small. Breakfast was a bit poor. I'd personally not stay again but I guess, at a push, it is ok for one night.",Date of stay: November 2009,2.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Impressed with whole package,"Stayed at Imperial over August Bank Hol. Used as a base for sightseeing and theatre. Very well placed for the visits we planned; only 1 stop from Kings Cross and a short walk from Covent Garden. Taxi to theatre to see Jersey Boys cost £8 -cheaper than I expected!!  Hotel reception lovely - dated but lovely. Staff were very helpful, polite and attentive. They advised on approximate taxi fares, tube stations, places of interest. They offered to call a taxi to save us the effort of hailing one and a taxi appeared very shortly afterwards.  Room was on 5th floor and was a good size. Bathroom very well appointed, great deep bathtub for soaking in! Lovely lounge at the front of the hotel on the first floor. Breakfast is served buffet style in second floor restaurant. Very swish room,…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1600-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly Adequate,"Very good for a budget stay in central London. Here's the bottom line: Location - Right across from Russell Square, a block from the British Museum, and around the corner from the tube station.  It's on the Picadilly Line, so you can get here directly from Heathrow in about an hour.  The Hotel - Dated, spartan common areas.  Hasn't been updated since the days of Austin Powers, and he wouldn't have stayed here even then. Mediocre institutional English breakfast that seemed to tickle the fancy of the middle aged Continental tourist groups here. Room - Surprisingly good for a single. And I do mean a single - imagine a standard European hotel room, and then cut it in half.  A little stark, but decently appointed, with IKEAish furniture and a small flat screen.  A small single bed,…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would not go again in a hurry,We stayed here for 2 nights B&B & the first nights evening meal.  Unfortunately we decided to use the hotel nearby for the evening meal a big mistake.  The President Hotel is in the same group of hotels unfortunately the reception staff do not understand English & the restaurant staff have no idea of what customer service is.  We were shown to our table & had to wait 15minutes to get someone to take our order even then only after we complained.  After we had eaten our main course we then had to wait a further 30minutes to get someone to take our order for dessert.  Our daughter wanted vanilla ice cream but they had run out we were informed they had strawberry but when this came it was more like a frozen strawberry yoghurt even I could not eat what they laughingly call ice cream.…,Date of stay: October 2009,2.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD VALUE FOR PRIME LONDON LOCATION!,"As a frequent visitor for over 40 years, London has never failed to disappoint with shabby, outdated and often unclean hotel rooms in the value price range. So the Imperial was a pleasant surprise!  Clean recently updated rooms with full bath, pleasant and helpful staff, and a fun bar/restaurant with late hours for after the theatre. I agree with others that the included breakfast needs help!  For the price and location, the Imperial offers good value and is a solid choice. I would stay here again which I have never said about any London hotel before!!",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers gone large,"I stayed here for 4 nights and in all honesty wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Firstly the staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. I have never seen such a ""dated"" hotel in my life. I actually call it Faulty Towers gone Large. The room itself was clean enough but the bedding was not comfortable, the beds have wheels so be prepared to roll every time you move, the toilet and bathroom are seperate (just weird) and the noise from outside was hurrendous (bring ear plugs). There is no wireless despite the hotel claiming to they have it. Bring your own towels too as they arent very generous with the towels and you'd be lucky to get anything bigger than a hand sized towel. The breakfast was appauling. The scrambled eggs are powder made and the toast was soggy. It was also difficult to get…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good service, but my breakfast was horrid!","I like this hotel. There are a few things that irritate me, but I have to remind myself that on our last visit we stayed round the corner in a terrible B&B, the room didnt have a tv etc etc, so to say this is £20 more expensive than the ultra budget london b&b's it is fantastic. LOVED: nice little TV, large desk / dressing table, free WiFi, Room service very good. Staff very very helpfull and good choice of bars etc within the hotel itself. Good storage, 2 wardrobes. DIDNT LIKE: Only 2 towels? One each, not the usual at a hotel surely? Also the pillows were like pancakes... the toilet and bathroom are very small and clautrophobic. The breakfast. We payed the £2 extra to have it delivered to your room. Im not usually fussy but oh dear! I dont know if its possible but the eggs…",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1605-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great,Visiting from Canada. Stayed for 10 nights. Very clean and comfortable.  Breakfeast no variation but good. Staff friendly and very helpful. Bathroom spotless with a great soaker tub! Lots of restaurants and services nearby. Russell Tube convenient.Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.,Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The Imperial saved out weekend!!,"The hotel we had booked on line was dirty and unsafe and we took a risk walking out at 10pm with nowhere to stay - it was also the end of London Fashion We ek and really busy. Round the corner was the Imperial - reasonable rates, nice rooms, fabulously helpful staff, great bar, good food, great weekend.",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good choice for a medium price hotel in this area,"I recommend this hotel but you should certainly not expect American style accommodations and you should understand that you travel to experience other cultures. I also recommend upgrading to the executive rooms if you have more than one person and you can afford the small extra amount (you will get some extra room; nothing more, but I find that valuable for more than one person; if I traveled alone I would get their regular room).  The hotel has an outstanding location. Very close to the British Museum and the Russell Square tube station. I love this historic area, although the Russell Square area can get noisy at night, so ask for a room not overlooking the square if you want peace-and-quiet during the night and you plan to keep your windows open (they have no air-conditioning…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Clean friendly hotel in cebtral location,"I booked this trip as a surprise for my husbands brthday, after searching through lots of different offers I decided on superbreak to the Imperial.  The train was on time and we arrived in London 3 hours early for check in.  We headed for the hotel to off load the luggage.  We where checked in and in our rooms within 10 mins, they where very efficient and polite.  I was a bit concerend about what breakfast might hold due to previous reviews, my husband and I where more than satisfied with the breakfast there was plenty of choice and totally indulged in a full english for the three mornings we where there.  The hotel room was spotless, the shower was by far the most powerful shower I have ever been in and the bathroom was immaculate.  All in all a lovelly hotel for a fab price…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but Great,"Finding a cheap hotel in a good location in London is tough. I've stayed in a couple and while they've always been ok they've never been really up to standard; until now.  The Imperial is a lovely little hotel in a very nice area with easy walking range of Euston yet at almost a mid-point to the major attraction (which, for me, are walkable). The area is nice and quiet, reasonably tidy... feels safe to walk around in. There are some basic shops and eating places nearby. Very good.  The hotel is old, very 80s in its deco, and some parts are rather tired looking. However it was clean everywhere. The room I stayed in (single) overlooked the courtyard at the rear so was nice and quiet. I think it had been recently updated as the furnishings seemed quite new. Comfortable, larger than…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1610-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as  I expected,"I stayed here for one night and having read some of the reviews, I wasn't looking forward to it. Generally speaking for a central London hotel, for 105 for a twin room, it was OK. It was clean enough, the decor was a bit tired but could have been worse. The 60s cell block exterior wasn't inviting and the 'Elizabethan dining room' and the key on the end of what looked like a cattle prod were a trifle bizarre, but it was a few minutes walk from the British Museum and overlooked Russell Sq gardens. The traffic was noisy and I couldn't fancy the cooked breakfast - poached eggs suspended in a vat of water looked like body parts. There was a nice, reasonably priced Italian restaurant just around the corner, off Southampton Row (Cordoba or something similar).",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for your money,"Overall a very good hotel, great for families who look for comfortable stay.  Pros: Very clean and tidy rooms. Nice breakfast. Kind service. Good price for those who try to stay on the budget (78 pounds). Very good location, close to mayfair, 2 minutes from russell square tube station.  Cons: Noise from the street. Very small room (single room)",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The place to stay!,"My son and I ( 26 and 59 ) stayed at the Imperial for two nights. We had come down from Durham to ""do the museum"" thing. I had stayed with my wife at the Russell Hotel ( a great hotel by the way ) along the road in June and as the Imperial was alot less expensive I was pleasantly surprised to find out how good it was. The rooms were nice and clean and we decided to take our complimentary three course meal at the Indian restaurant up the street rather than at the President Hotel next door ( after reading other reviews) and had a really good free meal in a ""proper"" restaurant. Another good thing abaout the Imperial is the ""Night and Day"" bar which is open until 1.00am and serves drinks at normal prices, in fact I would go as far as to say the prices were as cheap as anywhere else…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and ticked all our boxes.,"Okay, so it's not a luxury hotel but it's not meant to be. It certainly ticked all our boxes - we're a small family (one ten year old son) and we booked the hotel on one of those rail + hotel deals through Thomas Cook. I wasn't expecting anything special and it certainly wasn't - but the rooms, though basic, were very clean and spacious with twin beds and a double sofa bed for our son, plus complimentary soaps and shampoos. We overlooked the fountain and I was a little disturbed by people chatting outside late at night - certainly not rowdy, but the sound seemed to echo. Breakfast was plentiful and tasty but don't expect a smorgasbord of cold meats and cheeses - instead enjoy lots of fried eggs, sausages and bacon!  The tea and coffee was a bit stewed but then I'm fussy when it…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Very noisy, rooms not very comfortable. OK for a budget stay.","Family room uncomfortably warm. Lots of noise from rooms on either side and loads of traffic noise. Next door checked in at 1.30am and woke us all up and didn't settle down until after 3am. Would have expected family rooms to have been on the quiet side of the hotel. Other guests remarked on how quiet their rooms were. Will know to specify that if we stay on another occassion. Buffet breakfast very good, 'FREE 3 course meal' very disappointing. Hotel location very good for Kings Cross mainline and Russell Sq Tube stations. Would recommend an Oyster Card for the Underground",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1615-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic stay,"Arrived early well before check in room wasn't prepared but told we could leave our luggage there. Very friendly receptionist  changed our free meal to the sunday as we had theatre tickets for the saturday. We were upgraded to a family room which was large and airy very clean and tidy bed was very comfortable had a really good nights sleep also liked the fact that the room had a seperate bath & toilet. We had the breakfast normally we only have cereal but the eggs and bacon looked to good to resist which we didn't . The location is great just around the corner from russell square tube, it also has several restaurants and a Tesco direct near it perfect to get sandwiches from instead of paying for meals at the attractions. Would definately recommend",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",OK ALL ROUND,"Large hotel and very noisy at front of hotel with traffic. Very helpful staff both in reception and in dining room. Thought breakfast was very poor and boring with a limited range - no cold meats, cheese or fresh fruit or yoghurts.",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Book this hotel for location/value for money/good staff,"Just returned from a three night stay at Imperial, usually stay at Premier/Travelinn but got this hotel combined with rail deal so good value.  Very clean hotelbed/bathrooms at good price. Evening meal in with first night stay, roast dinner three courses absolutely fine.  Good breakfast in nice first floor room.  Arrived before two but no problem checking in.  Asked for a high floor (8th) and overlooked Russell Square, wonderful views and very close to British Museum. Staff were very good and bed/towels changed every day.  Would definitley return.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Budget-friendly hotel,"My boyfriend and I stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights in June. The hotel was booked for us through a tour group, so we weren't sure what to expect. When we arrived at 10am on check-in day, we were expecting to have to lock up our luggage and go explore until the 2pm check-in time. We were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready, however, and we were able to check-in early. Our room was small, but not any smaller than you would expect in a budget hotel. We had 2 twin beds, but we just pushed them together to make one big bed. Decor was a bit dated, but the place was clean and tidy. The location was the best thing about this hotel - big park scross the street and super close to the Russell Square tube station, which made it so easy to get everywhere we wanted to go. The…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, good quality-price relation! I recommend it!","Me and my parents stayed at Imperial Hotel for 4 nights, between Christmas and New Year!   The hotel location is very good, really close to a subway station! In front of this hotel, you find one small park (if you like to run in the morning …, you can enjoy it).  The hotel staff is helpful and very nice and the room was clean and comfortable. If you want to have an English breakfast, you can have it there!  I loved London and this hotel wasn’t bad at all! Good Location, good quality-price relation! I recommend it!",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1620-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"Contrary to the norm, the rooms are much nicer than the the  sixties-style lobby might suggest!  (The rooms have recently been refurbished.) I spent 2 nights here with my father who used to stay here for business years ago.  I was lucky as it was full and was put in a large 3-bed room to myself vs a small single room.  The English breakfast is solid and at the current price it would be hard to find better value for money. I left a new pen knife in the room and they found it and kept it for me. Its full of tour groups etc but it really is one of the best deals in town based on location, modern en-suite rooms and a good power breakfast..",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Best Value for Money,"I stayed at the Imperial in June 2009. I knew more or less what to expect since this was my second staying there. Still, I was surprised to see that the hotel had been upgraded and improved in many ways since 2000. Don't get me wrong: my five star rating doesn't mean that the Imperial competes with the Ritz; it does mean however that for a mere GBP 78 you'll probably get the best value for your money in Central London. I arrived very late, after 11 PM, and asked for a high floor, quiet room. I got room 932 which was perfect -- a very quiet, relatively spacious and very clean room. The bathroom was also spacious and very clean, with plenty of hot water and they now even have a shampoo! The coffee making kit is also much better than it used to be. It includes real milk instead of…",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Real Value for Money in a great location,"I stayed at this hotel for a weekend away and could not fault the place, rooms were clean, hotel is in a great location and had a great hotel bar that did not charge the earth for drink, would certainly go back if I travelled to London again.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",well worth the money,after staying at the president next door this was very much nicer.the staff was very friendly and helpful  the room was very large had a double sink bath. flat screen tv and quite we were on the 6th floor.  the only draw back was the safety deposit box it is only open from 9am to 6pm a bit much if you have to go to shows. should update and have available in rooms.  all in all well worth extra £30.00 per night,Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very friendly,"My best friend wanted to celebrate her 18th in style, so me, her and our other two friends went to London to go shopping, see a show and Madame Tussauds. This break was booked through Superbreaks.  When we arrived at the hotel, we were welcomed by friendly staff. We went up to our rooms and were really pleased with how lovely they were - clean and tidy.  Before going to our show, we went to the hotel restaurant for dinner. It was a bit of a struggle to find it - there was a lounge enterance before it. When we got into the restaurant, we were seated to our table and asked to order. We ordered our food and asked for a spirits menu. The waiter got us one. When we tried to order the drinks, the other waited looked really confused and told us we couldn't order off the menu. After a…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1625-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE and incompetent staff that are unable to deal with complaints,"I stayed at this hotel for a 2 night stay on a London city trip. When I wanted to take a shower in the bath... I discovered BLACK MOLD in the top corners of the bath.  This was late at night, so I reported it in the morning and was told we will take care of it. When I cam back to the hotel in the evening nothing had happened and the night porter could not do anything. I reported it again in the morning (Asked for a manager, got a comment card) and was told ""There is nothing we can do now as you are leaving today""  A few weeks later I recieved a letter from the hotel stating that they were sorry and were gonna change the mastic in the bath. They did not offer me any compensation or anything..... This hotel destroyed my brithday trip. I sent them the photos I took and have not…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Bruised, sore, humilited and glad to GO HOME!","We asked the hotels ability to help with our disabilties.  They assured us they could and we stayed 12 May in room 548. The room was 200 feet from the lift and barely big enough for a wheelchair. Later that night when I fell the second time (I fall once a year!), we noticed the help cord was unreachable. The coffee was good at breakfast....that was nice...because we were exhausted!!",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",excellant location,"we arrived at the hotel for a short weekend trip and were delighted with the wonderfully quick check-in untill we were handed our room key which i kid you not was actually a key(in this day and age). we called it ""The Wand"" as it was attached to a long metal pole.when we arrived in the room i wanted to take a shower before we headed out only to find that the shower was not actually working. We had to firstly phone down to reception who the phoned the plumber. eventually we got the shower to work. the next night  we decided to stay in a watch a spot of tv but to our dismay it was also not working. i also aquired an injury while staying there so i went down to reception for a plaster only to be told that my injury was not worthy of a plaster. overall the hotel was in an excellent…",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Old fashioned,"This hotel was booked for me by my company, I would never book it for myself in future.  Check-in was very smooth, however, you have to check in and then go to the concierge to get your key and it is actually a key, which you have to hand in if you leave the hotel.  It's on a really long metal pole.  My room had a single bed, which was incredibly soft and two very thin pillows.  There was little or no sound proofing.  I had no complaints about cleanliness, except that everything, except the bathroom, was very dated and worn.  The bathroom itself appeared new, but had a mixer tap over the bath, instead of a proper shower.  The mixer tap hadn't been connected properly as was came through the seal.  Didn't try any of the restaurants so can't comment on those.  Check out was also…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, quiet and central","We were moved to this hotel after a couple of sleepless nights in another.  It was a lovely room, cosy and secure.    It was cheap to leave my bags for the day after checking out.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1630-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Location is fantastic,"I arrived at the hotel at 10 am in order to hand in my luggage until checkin time at 3 pm. But the nice lady behind the reception told me my room was ready if I wanted to use it. Very nice indeed. I got a single room on the 7th floor. It appeared to be newly renovated. Very nice and clean allthough a bit on  the small side. 15"" LCD TV with about 15 channels. The bathroom was very nice but you only get one large towel. I asked the maid for a second one which I got but the next day it was back to one towel. Amendments was two small soaps and a small bottle of shower/shampoo. There was no safe in the room but there was a safe in the reception area which I did not use. There is some noise from the street as it is a busy road that the hotel is situated on. Cleaning is done very…",Date of stay: March 2009,3.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial? I don’t think so!,"Imperial? I don’t think so! Such a disappointing hotel. The actual room wasn’t awful, it did at least seem clean. But there were so many other things wrong, that it all added up.  Where to start, well how about check-in. The hotel is clearly used to having large groups staying, so if you are a family or couple checking in you get the same officious processing. No one behind the desk seemed to want to actually welcome guests, just deal with them. You have to fill out a form, with exactly the same information that you supplied when you booked online.  As I say, the hotel room itself wasn’t too bad. However the shower holder was broken, so you could only really have a bath. The towels were the size of handtowels and some were well past their best. The TV is tiny and barely visable…",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, Well Run Hotel In Good Location","Stayed at the Imperial in March 09 and find it difficult to think of any serious faults.  All staff were friendly and helpful, especially the porters who deal with keys which must be handed in whenever going out.  Our twin room was spacious and appeared to have been recently refurbished; the large bathroom was well fitted out and had twin hand basins, however the shower head had a mind of its own when turned to normal pressure. We managed by running the shower at lowish pressure to encourage the shower head to stop spraying the ceiling and walls. Bedding consisted of crisp white sheets with smart, clean bed coverings. Carpets and curtains were clean and looked fairly new, the view from the room just consisted of the other three sides of a quadrangle of hotel buildings, which…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great position,i have been in this hotel many times... and i can say its value for money... remember its in the center of london where hotels are presumed to be very costly... but in this case it wasnt.. its position is great its walking distance to the shopping center and when i say walking distance i mean 20 mins walk max. its very close the the underground railway station about 5 mins walk.. its an ideal hotel if you to go london for shopping.,Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to standard,"Was booked into this hotel due to 2-day course in London.  Sadly, all the negative comments and very few of the positive comments from previous reviews were evident.  POSITIVE Hmmmmm …. Struggling here!  I suppose, the location could be a good and bad thing (see below).  2 mins walk from Russell Square station and overlooking the square.  NEGATIVE The location: due to Russell Square being very noisy, especially at night/evening.  Paper thin glass does nothing to block the noise.  The room: Apparently refurbished (not that you would know!).  Tiny room, small tv, separate toilet (no ventilation) and extremely small and uncomfortable beds …. and not exactly the prettiest rooms either.  Also, no keycard entry so you get a Yale key on a long metal keyfob.  The service: Very slow…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1635-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal, central location","We stayed for 3 nights on a theatre break / sightseeing visit , our first for many years. Hotel location was excellent for travelling around and the hotel was clean and tidy if a little lacking in facilities - no bar - limited dining facilities. Staff were very friendly and helpful and overall it was an ideal place to rest after a busy day sightseeing",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Ok..Needs modernising,"This is a cheap,basic hotel in desperate need of refurbishment and remodernisation. The rooms were clean but the bedlinen in the room was dated,cheap and itchy. We'd booked well in advance and requested a double bed  at the time of booking but we were mortified to find that we'd been put in twin beds. We pushed the beds together to solve this issue but the only problem with this is that in the middle of the night you can sometimes slide between the two beds.  When we arrived at the hotel the radiators in the bedroom had been turned onto a full blast temperature and so it was like being in a sauna so we had to open the windows to get some air however we couldnt sleep at night because room was so noisy as windows are only single glazed and the traffic outside was constant all…",Date of stay: February 2009,2.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Regin Lagaac, Thomas and Gywn in Imperial Hotel London","Very convenient place to stay, near underground station. Bountiful breakfast and staffs are hospitable. Free wifi access. My only negative comment: I can hear the noise outside the hotel, the window is not soundproff....",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",better than I expected,"This hotel was booked for me by a company I was doing some work for.  When I saw the price -- £76 per night, with breakfast -- I feared the worst: the hotel is very central, and you can easily pay two or three times that amount in central London, and still not get a very good experience.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The place was clean and tidy, the staff helpful, and the breakfast entirely adequate.   The bed was ok, though I did roll off, and onto the floor, when I got up to cancel my alarm clock!     Yes, the style is dated.  Yes, the rooms overlooking Russell Square are apparently very noisy (ask for a room at the back instead).   Yes, the rooms are not large.  No, I wouldn't be particularly comfortable leaving valuables in my room: the room lock system, with keys handed to…",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Stayed in this Hotel in July, staff were very friendly and more than willing to give you directions to tourist sites.  Good location within walking distance and also near the tube!!",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1640-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","""does exactly what is says on the tin""","this hotel is a reflection of its price range....... average.  the downstairs and common areas are serviceable clean and comfortable. the staff are friendly, welcoming and very helpfull  my husband and i stayed here for 3 nights with our infant daughter. the room was small and has an unusual floorplan, the bath and washhand baisin are in one small room with a separate toilet opposite. the main part of the room was neat, clean and compact but with large fitted wardrobes one of which was big enough to accommadate a folded buggy which was great to clear up floor space.   our room looked out over russell square and a busy road the windows are very old ?1970's and alot of traffic noise came into the room but didn't actually keep any of us awake it just seemed to be a constant hum  …",Date of stay: November 2008,3.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty Good Stay.,"I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in June 2008 during my London/Paris contiki tour. The hotel is centrally located, the breakfast buffet was excellent and for an older hotel the rooms were clean. The doors to the rooms are very thick, so you can hear almost everybody coming and going. The keys to the room have to be left at the front desk due to the size of keys. I would recommend locking up your belongings to be on the safe side.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I thought...clean!,"I stayed one night at the Imperial Hotel in London in October 2008 as part of my Contiki tour.  I was pleasantly surprised that I could check in early (around 8:30 a.m.).  The staff was kind and courteous.  The room itself was small (I had booked a single on the trip), but clean.  Really for one night that's all I could ask for.  My room faced the inner courtyard so I got a great night's sleep.    I had heard horror stories about the hotel, but once again was pleasantly surprised.  The keys were....well kinda awkward to carry in your bag since they were attached to a big metal rod.  Overall, I had no complaints.",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a re vamp!,"We booked this hotel simply because of the price and close location to the West End!  The hotel was good value, but we did have to change rooms after our first night.  From the outside the hotel looks rather dated and needs a good lick of paint.  The area isn't too bad, plenty of little shops and restaurants within walking distance.    We sampled the bar food - very rude staff by the way! Well the people who served us our food weren't polite at all.  Food was a little overpriced but okay, just shame about the service.   Breakfast wasn't too bad, though we chose to eat out the following morning. The rooms hotel, but in general the hotel just needs updating and it would be fine! Good Value though - Joseph and Hiarspray shows were great!",Date of stay: October 2008,3.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",London's best value,"We have just stayed at this Hotel and cannot rate it highly enough.  It was our Golden wedding and they did upgrade us when they received an order for champagne from our daughter.  For £102 per night, there is a very adequate newly refurbished twin room with breakfast.  Reception was fast and efficient. Unlike most hotels we were checked in at 1p.m. Breakfast has plenty of variety. There is a Bar with food available all day. A pleasant large lounge on the first floor. Newspapers were free. For London, for situation and value I do not think you can beat this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1645-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Successful Hen Party,We stayed at the Imperial Hotel Russell Square for my daughters Hen Party.  We had five rooms all next to each other at a very reasonable cost.  The rooms were surprisingly very nice and the breakfast was excellent.  The staff could not have been more helpful.  I had prepaid because it was classed at a group booking and one of our party dropped out at the last minute due to illness therefore we reduced down to four rooms.  I phoned the hotel just two days before explaining the problem and they immediately offered a refund on the room which I certainly was not expecing.  We also had to leave a package behind the reception for somebody to pick up as she could not get it  before we went home and the staff were extremely helpful and our friend picked up the package with no problem…,Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial was just OK!!!,Stayed here for one night on business on the 7th September 2008. Hotel location is good for travelling around london with the Picadilly line tube round the corner. You basically get what you pay for which is an old hotel that has seen better days. The hotel needs a major overhaul. The staff however were great and the breakfast looked worse than what it was. All in all i would stay here again if i needed to be near a picadilly line tube. Just remember you are getting exactly what you pay for so dont expect the ritz.,Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",what is everyone moaning about???,"Just returned from a 2 night stay and I can quite easily say that I have no complaints what so ever. Having read so many bad reports I now wonder if these people were staying in the same hotel as I was!  We had a lovely room on the 4th floor over looking the Russell square gardens, yes there was traffic noise but you have to remember you are in the centre of London and cant escape traffic noise where ever you go!  Hotel is in a good position. Next to tube station and just around the corner from the British Museum. About 10-15 min walk from Oxford street. You can easily reach all major attractions by foot.  Our room was a good size twin clean and modern. Comftable clean beds and the bathroom was spotless and a nice LCD flat screen t.v.   All in all this  has everything you would…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever experienced,"I recently stayed at the Imperial Hotel and am now trying to collect my thoughts concerning the utterly abyssmal condition of this establishment.   I booked the room through British Airways - as part of a ""2 free nights in London Promotion"" (free means the 2 nights only cost $180 when all was said and done). I believed I could trust the hotel's relationship with British Airways - and that the hotel would be at the very least clean and well run. I was mistaken.  The room was absolutly filthy with a stained and smelly bedspread, wallpaper and carpet. There is no airconditioning in the entire hotel - it was 85+ degrees outside, and the radiator in the room was ""on"" (its only setting), so it was sweltering in the room. There is no clock, no radio - and a small very small TV which…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",nice location,"Having spend seven nights and days in the Imperial in Russell Square, I can tell : avoid room 547 at all costs!! Its toilet is in a separate room without any ventilation!!!  Overall the hotel is in a good location ,close to a sub and bus station and the British Museum.  Cleanness of the room was adequate (bathroom's curtain was stinking),but the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. In the morning don't expect nothing else,but a very British breakfast with lousy coffee.  A free Wifi service in all the Hotel's areas is a welcome feature.",Date of stay: June 2008,2.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1650-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Loud but Budgeted..,"The Imperial Hotel located at Russell Square, was a very centrally located hotel.. not bad for a budget hotel. We went to the hotel in the winters, it was pretty loud, the sirens and people talking was loud.... you could not really sleep through it. The view was ok, as we had asked for a view that showed us the garden opposite the hotel, not bad for a hotel centrally located. The breakfast was the same everyday, but cold, but the variety was not at all bad... just that the enviroment was not really up the the standard. The lobby area was pretty big.. but our first impression was spoiled completely as the staff was pretty rude to us, as we were checking in the hotel. Over the coming days, the staff improved... it reached the 2-3 star hotel standards. The rooms are pretty not…",Date of stay: February 2008,2.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Robbed at the Imperial Hotel !!,"Warning !! Don't stay at the Imperial Hotel London. Left the room locked at 10am for a day shopping in central London. Returned around 4pm to find over a thousand pounds worth of camera & music equipment stolen from the room. Tried to report the theft to the hotel management but got repeatedly fobbed off with a form to fill in by the Porter. Not happy as during the time we'd been out, the room had been opened by hotel staff to allow the room to be cleaned but the hotel wouldn't take any responsibility. How's that work ?? Anyway before you ask there’s no safe in the room. PS: breakfast was great & location ideal for central London.",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Sad,"It is with a heavy heart I write this review. We have stayed at the Imperial quite a lot of times now and indeed I have recomended it on trip advisor numerous times as a clean, decent central place to stay. This time we were given a room on the 9th floor with fantastic views, the eye, telecom tower, russel square so as it was my 50th I was pleased.the room was refurbished, nice tv, bathroom everything great.    We were showered and going out when I couldnt find my Estee Lauder eye shadow set, not a small item, bigger than a mobile phone but nowhere to be found, instinctively I looked for my diamond ring opened the box...gone.  Went down to reception asked to see the manager but he wasnt aboutthe young man came back and said he would take my details which I gave him, he phoned…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",So Loud!,"I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in London for only one night (thankfully) in early July. The location is pretty good, and the rooms were decent enough. They were small, but clean and comfortable enough. Upon checking in, the front desk staff was pleasant and since my friend and I had arrived before check in time, we were allowed to check our bags in so we could go and explore the city without having to worry about them. Also, the keys are on giant keychains, but try and carry them with you rather than leave them at the front desk if you can (i.e. bring a giant purse with you).  If you do plan on staying at this hotel or are assigned to stay here through a tour (as I was), I would definitely try and request a room that does not face the main street. At night, if your window looks…",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Great refurbishment, great price, great location","I recently came back from a week in London.  I have stayed at the Imperial before, but this time it was different.  They have refurbished the rooms, and they are great.  Everything from the pint to the wallpaper, carpeting, drapes, bedding and furniture have been replaced.  The bathrooms were gutted and everything there was also replaced.  As usual the staff was professional and always helpful.  The price is right.  One of the best things about staying at the Imperial is its closeness to the sights.  You can walk to most of the major sights, saving you money.  I will stay there again on my next trip.  LMB",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1655-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Central but basic,A good location and you pay for this. I paid £76 per night for three nights. The room was simple but OK.  Wireless internet access in the lobby only.  There is a bar - which serves sandwiches.  There was an offer of a free meal if you booked two consecutive nights. I booked for three nights but could only have my free meal on the first night and I was arriving too late. The way round it was to book a single night and then two nights. Daft. The meal options were also basic.,Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough but not great,"I booked this reservation through my airline, and I read all of the reviews. I am staying on the 5th floor. I can detect Wi-fi's in the hotel, but they don't work. The only wifi that does work is in the lobby so I have to come down. I think it's from another hotel, because it's called ""President Hotel,"" and connects at 11mbps. The room is very basic. One 12"" LCD tv with an over the air connection (no cable) No Air conditioning (you can open the window) If you aren't used to living in a city this is will annoy you a lot). There is a bathroom in the room but it is seperated into 2 different rooms. There is a saftey deposit box room. It is open 9:00am-6:30pm daily, with a 20pound deposit, and a 50pence/day fee. It is a good base to clean up and rest if you are in town for a couple…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",time for a revamp,"Well we can start with the positves,when we arrived seemed quite positive good location  had great facilities and all these seemed modern and pleasent including a nice sports bar and a modern wine bar,then it came entering the room and it was like going into a time warp.It must have been at least 20 years since they were re-furbished they seemed un-clean the television was tiny and just wasnt a nice place to be.This was when we felt it was time to use some of the excellent facilities downstairs,we used the computers downstairs to find another hotel local which was in the same price range,we checked out and spent our rest of our stay in london at hotel russel",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel given the price!,"I have just come back from a weekend stay at the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square.  We paid £51pp including breakfast and the hotel was quite nice bearing mind the good location and price.  Even though the hotel looked quite dated, the rooms had all been nicely decorated and the bathrooms were all new.  The breakfast was plain and simple, hot english & cereals were provided, however there was no continental such as a pastry or a yogurt available.  The toast was also put under the hotplate which made is very chewy!  The tube from marylebone;- bakerloo line to piccadilly then the piccadilly line to Russell square (tho russell square has 175 steps to the exit, therefore please be advised that the way out is via a lift only (same as covent garden).  from the tube station the hotel…",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Average British hotel?,"The whole experience was a bit bizarre. As we arrived, there must have been 10 people standing behind the counter. Still, only one of them could handle our check-in, as others weren't allowed to handle cash. It took bloody long time, especially to get our change. Staff was giggly and disorganised and it felt a bit rude towards us. We got our key, attached to a harrypotterish wand - only one key for the whole room! Like a couple wouldn't have separate schedules?! We had a room on the 9th floor, so view was fabulous - except the window was SO dirty. Noise from the street was pretty bad, but we got used to it quite quickly. The radiators seemed to have two positions, on or off. With the rag-like blanket as a cover, we either froze our asses off or bathed in sweat. The double bed…",Date of stay: April 2008,2.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1660-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good accommodation,"We wanted to see the Terracotta Warriors and the King Tut exhibitions on a specific date and the only way was via Superbreak who offered this hotel.  I am slightly disabled so requested a disabled room.  The room allocated was quiet, which was great; the bathroom really needed some attention.  The toilet seat was broken and the door didn't work very well.  There are many things I could suggest to make it easier for a disabled person and have left a message for ‘the management’ regarding this but it was ok.  The room seemed newly refurbished and the bed was new.. too hard for me but more than adequate for most people.  The room wasnt huge but certainly acceptable.  The size of the bed was also generous, queen I think.  The tv with many stations was good too.  Whilst the hotel had…",Date of stay: March 2008,2.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Truth in Advertising,"I booked a triple for 3 nights, and left after one! The room was stuffy, uncomfortable & dirty. Very out-dated. It looked more like a ""no-tell motel"", than what it was hyped up to be. 1st clue should have been the 14 pictures, that were really around 5, they were just repeated.",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleased,"I stayed six nights at this hotel in early March. I was very please with the serve, the room, the location and the area in general. The rooms were biger than I expected and kept clean each day. Staff were friendly and accommodating. The Russell Square tube station is only a block away. The neighborhood felt very safe. There is internet access in the adjoining President Hotel (owned by the same company) or you can request a room with connection service.",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",no problems,"stayed for 2 nights booked with ""superbreak"".check in was effecient.room was on 9th floor overlooking the square,practically noiseless with the windows closed. spotlessly clean and dust free,rad was belting out heat. Breakfast was included .perfectly edibleand lots of choice.very handy for British museum ,and the brunswick centre across the road from the tube has lots of decent places to eat. Iwould happily stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2008,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Experience Ever!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!,"My friend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Mid August 2007 before catching our Contiki Tour. This was the hotel that our tour provided for us (I think many of the Contiki Tours start in London and have their tour guests stay at this hotel or one of its sister hotels nearby).   Everything was okay at check in. One thing that was a little sketchy was that the keys are on huge key chains so, they want you to leave your key at the hotel every time you leave...as the key will definitely not fit in your pocket or a normal sized purse. Having worked at many hotels in San Diego, CA, I felt a little unsafe having a key that you had to drop off at the front desk every time you left the building. But, after all, we are in a different country so maybe they do things differently…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1665-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised!,"I booked this hotel very last minute, actually the day before I flew into London so I didn't have very high expectations. I stayed for 6 nights. Once I got there, the front desk staff were great, I had no probems checking alot earlier then normal check-in times. The location was perfect, very close to Russell Sq. tube station, a great pub (Friend at Hand) across the street and lots of shops and resturaunts around the block!  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2007,4.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Dusty room,"ok, im reading all these reviews that suggest this place is fabulous...but really, not so great. carpet had not been vacuumed. Ever! Top bed quilt v dusty. Bathroom was clean though. The room key was attached to a long metal rod that you had to return to reception each time you left the hotel....pretty annoying standing to wait for it back each time. Easy to get to from tube. Would pay a little extra next time for a nicer place.",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"I stayed at the Imperial in January for a business trip. Upon arrival, i was upgraded to a double room for the same price. The double rooms are very spacious, nice flat screen tv, phone, very clean rooms. The bathroom had double sinks with granit countertops, soap and shampoo is provided by the hotel. The hotel is very big, but its never an issue. Internet access is available with a wireless-b network in the autorium for free, i stayed on the 5th floor. Wireless-g network is available on the 4th and 5th floor for free. So if you need a fast internet network, i would suggest to stay on the 4th or 5th floor, where you can have a g network. Breakfast had a big variety of foods, lots of egg product choices. Fresh orange and grape juices, cereals, toast, bagel, beans, etc... The…",Date of stay: January 2008,5.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good value,"we stayed in the imperial for one night in December 2007.  the hotel is located on russell square and is a short walk to the russel square tube station and is also very close to the british museum.  the hotel itself is quite big.  the rooms very clean and seemed to be well kept.  there was a flat screen tv, tea/coffee, hairdryer ets,  all the usual from a three star hotel.  when we checked in i heard other guests ask for a rear facing room as on their previous syat the rooms at the front have a lot of street noise.  breakfast was a choise of cooked breakfast, cereald, bread  of a self service nature.  all in all a good location, acceptable standard,  would recommend and would definately stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for central London,"I didn't have high expectations of the hotel but was pleasantly surprised.  The check in was very welcoming and quick.  The room wouldn't win awards for decor but had a good tv, was of a reasonable size and had a great view of Russell Square.  The breakfast was good and the staff were very prompt bringing drinks.  The price was excellent for such a central location so I would recommend the hotel for people on short stays who don't like wasting money.",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1670-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"I booked a night's stay in London at late notice as a treat for my partner's birthday. I originally booked a room at the President Hotel, but when I reported to the reception I was told we'd been upgraded to their sister hotel the Imperial - attached to the President. On my booking form I had said it was my partner's birthday and asked for a room on the third floor after reading the Trip Advisor reviews.   I have to admit I wasn't expecting much - we just wanted somewhere to stay that was reasonably priced. First of all we were allowed to check in before 2pm; there were plenty of staff on reception, who were polite and helpful.   The lobby looked quite impressive given the price, so I was fully expecting our room to be lacking, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was on the sixth…",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and value,"I'm surprised that other reviewers had moldly or dirty rooms; ours was cleaner than most budget London hotels, with no mold, so I suggest that if you get a moldly or dirty room, you just ask for a different one.  This hotel was perfect for our interests, short equidistant walks to British Museum and British Library (fascinating!), two blocks from Russell Square tube station, and one block from a major tour bus stop.  Of the three hotels we used in London, this was the only hotel in its price range with a full bathroom and tub/shower.  The TV and remote worked fine and we had more channels than we'd had at any other budget places.  Minuses include soft worn mattresses, poor pillows, certainly no frills, and major noise from the street below even though we were on the ninth floor…",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Really good - give it a try!,"I stayed for 1 night on 15 November. The hotel was very busy and I was upgraded free of charge to a lovely family room. Lovely large bedroom, spotless bathroom and seperate toilet, plasma TV. The welcome was excellent as was the breakfast.  My friend was upgraded to a bigger room also and was moved willingly to a room nearer the ground floor. It is a 10 storey hotel and my friend doesn't like heights.  Nothing was too much trouble and I would definately stay again.  Good value and good location.",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location but VERY Basic,"Bathroom - Black mold, one towel and a guest soap with a tiny bottle of clear shower wash. Bedroom - Thin pillows,uncomfortably soft bed, embarrassingly awful tea/coffee facilties.  Good location for central London attractions.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good for London,"I have to admit I didn’t have high hopes for this place but it turned out pretty good. It's about a couple minute walk from Russell Square station which is on a handy subway line if you are going to check out shows in the West End. Saying that, it's located in a residential area so there isn't a lot going on in the immediate area (other than the bar in the lobby). You need to walk to the subway station before you'll see shops, cafes, etc in abundance. It does get somewhat quiet at night but it felt safe.  The rooms itself aren't huge but for London it was alright. The value is good considering what you would need to pay for another place that close to the city center. The room was clean and service was fine. I was allowed to check in at 10 am which was great. Maybe it is because…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1675-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Hotel and Central,"As far as London hotels go, this is no worse than most. It is basic, breakfast is included in the price and there was free wireless internet in the lobby. It has a very central location for UCL and Bloomsbury, so I'd recommend it for there. The sheets on the bed had holes in them so I used two sets to get full coverage on the bed, and there was the ubiquitous ""remote control for TV not working"" problem that necessitated a change in batteries. The staff were helpful, courteous and efficient. If you don't care about location though, I'd suggest you stay at the Amsterdam Hotel in Earl's Court - it had nicer touches to the room even if the room was smaller.",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",More than I Expected,"I knew upon booking The Imperial was considered a discount hotel.  What drew me to book the room was the conveneince of a nearby Tube station and reviews of clean rooms.    The room was newly upgraded and much larger than expected.  The view was crap, but that worked to get us out and about very early.  The bathroom was also large, with two sinks and lots of counter space.    The cold water wasn't working properly in our shower so we asked for maintenance to assist.  The woman from the hotel who came to the room to assess the situation felt it was not a problem and casually mentioned to us that Americans always complain.   I had to laugh at her.  Maybe she wanted to stick around and take a scalding hot shower in our room?  She declined.  Fortunately, a plumber then arrived and…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",What a disgrace - go to the Royal National,"This place was the pits!  Poor service, dirty outdated and small rooms, mold infested flea bag hotel.   Good thing the Royal National was not too far away and was able to switch hotels. Royal National was clean with great service and staff.  Plus, it had a BAR!!!  I would highly recommend the Royal National to anyone coming in from the USA.",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place to Stay,"My friend & I think that this hotel is excellent.  The décor of the communal areas of the hotel is perfectly acceptable.  We were made very welcome at reception when we arrived.  We liked the Night & Day bar downstairs and as we were very lucky with the weather (warm & sunny), we enjoyed a drink on the outside terrace at lunchtime before hitting the shops and then also at the end of our evening after going to the cinema at Leicester Square.  Our room was spacious and refurbished.  It was situated on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel overlooking Russell Square.  The bathroom & toilet (separate) were very clean which is always a good indicator.  Despite being a warm weekend, the central heating was still on in the bedroom so we were plenty warm enough during the night. …",Date of stay: September 2007,5.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Needing for a Revamp,"I have stayed in this hotel from September 8 to september 14. The room's decor was from the 70's. The room was very, very, very small and - terrible - with no air conditioning. It would be OK if you could open the windows, but the windows opened only about 4 inchs. After all I understood that it is a secutity reason: if you could widely open the windows you probably could thing on jumping out - due to desperation on facing the 99 GBP payed for the room !!!!  The staff and the breakfast are really good - and my strategy was only to come back for sleep very, very tired. The room's key with a metal stick attached to it is a story I will tell to my grandsons - I have taken a picture of it, in case of been called liar.",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1680-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Go somewhere elese,"Booked in for six nights, left after two (would have left immediately but I had commitments to keep and didn't have the time to find another hotel). Highlight of my stay was carrying my bags out the door. I didn't bother complaining about anything because clearly the surly staff wouldn't care. On arrival there wasn't even the pretense of a welcome. My room looked more like a cheap bedsitter than a hotel room, the bathroom was less than basic (no window, no fan, no ventilation), one paper-thin medium size towel. I asked for more and received a thin face towel. The rooms don't have a safe so I had to take valuable items to the hotel safe - accessible from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm. I put my stuff in at 5pm and collected it at 9:00 am the next day. They charged me for two days... it's…",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",mediocre,"Hotel was ok  Reception staff were ok-poor, although when I checked out the woman was very pleasant.  Breakfast was ok-poor  Single room was reasonably clean but tiny.  Decor was a little tired  Centrally located",Date of stay: September 2007,3.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",No sleep at the Imperial,"I stayed for one night in this hotel, and was surprised by how small the room was (even though they said I had been upgraded!) and first impressions were that the room was shabby. The radiator was permanently on, so the room was hot. My room was on the third floor, just by some traffic lights, so vehicles and sirens regularly woke me through the night (the windows were single glazed, so no noise reduction). The shower was powerful, but had a flimsy shower curtain, that clung to me whilst I was showering.  I stayed at one of the sister hotels earlier in the year (I think it was the Russell) - and that was far superior to the Imperial.  It's very convenient for Euston. Room service was prompt, but pizza wasnt nice, and the beer was warm.",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly Good Budget Hotel,"I've just got back from a two-day break in London, and I have to say that I was very impressed with the Imperial Hotel. I admit, I did book a room here before reading a number of negative reviews about the place. But now I can honestly say that it's worth every penny spent here.  The hotel itself is reminiscent of the 70s - as far as first impressions go, one would think that this would be a classy hotel. However, that feeling becomes almost non-existent as soon as you step through the front doors. Even if the interior feels outdated, there is no denying that it is well presentable.  Checking in was simple - just tell the front desk your name, sign it on a piece of paper, then you are given a carbon copy of it for use around the hotel - namely to pick up your room key and gain…",Date of stay: September 2007,4.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",miserable dump from the 1970s,"if you like hotels from england in the 1970s then this is for you. tired, horrible decor. small rooms, broken heating, windows that don't shut, no air-con, broken TVs, no internet access in rooms, room keys attached to giant metal sticks, staff who have no interest in customer service and mostly do not speak english. And this is after the facelift. Absolute dump. Stayed there one night. Never stay at any Imperial group hotels again. AVOID AVOID AVOID.",Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1685-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",much less than expected,"I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in July 2006, for 2 nights.  Unfortunately, at that time London was extremely hot (37 C) and the rooms were not equipped neither with an air condition nor with a ceiling fan.  Besides, you could not open the window wide open so the atmosphere inside the room was like hell !!!!  Basically, the room was in good condition, fairly clean and decorated, though it was not worth 140 euros/ night for a single room, maybe for 70 euros it would be OK. The staff on the front desk was not particularly friendly and I was astonished by the fact that on checking out, I was asked 1 pound, in order for the staff to keep my luggage in the appropriate room.  It is the first time a hotel is charging a thing like that.  Of course the problem is not the 1 pound but the…",Date of stay: July 2006,2.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",OK for the price,"We had an event there so they booked the hotel for us. It was located at a quiet and central area of London, easy access to tubes and buses, and there was breakfast. Normally the hotel costs 100GBP per night in a double room. I think this htoel is over priced if you pay that much. The hotel was not as clean as I expected, and since it is a 3-star hotel, I expected better TV chanels and cleaner bathrooms. The bathroom was very basic, TV had only a few chanels and there was no remote control. Average hotel I would say. ",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",brand loyalty,I usually stay at the Bedford when in town – this time I opt for the Bedford’s big brother – The imperial a couple of pounds more expensive but is that bit more comprehensive in its facility provision than the Bedford.  Location – Five / ten minute walk from Euston / a couple of minutes from Russell Square Tube & on major bus routes to Waterloo. In the evening if you want to make your way to Covent Garden it is about 20 minutes walk or a £5 taxi ride. In all a good location.  There is a bus stop 20 yards for he entry archway.   The building –. I would guess 1960’s – It is actually quite impressive – if arriving by car / cab you sweep into an inner courtyard & at first blush this is the poshest budget hotel ever. That feeling does fade later – but certainly you will not be…,Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for 3* in London,I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of May 2007.  It is very difficult to find a reasonably priced 3* hotel in London that is acceptable.  This hotel is a good 3* hotel.  Location excellent - near the British Museum - and convenient to the Tube.   English breakfast is buffet style and there is a choice of cereals and juice as well.   Rooms are average in size.  Our room had a full size tub and the toilet was separated from the tub and sink so it was very convenient for 2 people staying in the room.  We also had 2 good size closets and tea/coffee making facilities.  Internet was available in the public lobby. The only drawback was that there was no air conditioning - something that is hard to find in London anyway - so the room was very noisy when the windows were open.   My…,Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good price-performance ratio,"Stayed in single room at 73,- GBP per night, including VAT and Continental/English breakfast. Central location (15 minutes walk to covent garden, 3 minutes walk to British museum, bus stop just in front of the house, tube station 3 minutes), area pleasant but busy, room (facing Russell Square, nice view) quiet unless window open (no air condition), most rooms seem to be refurbished by now, refurbishment on some floors still underway (some noise during the day). Thin walls (neighbors' activities in bed quite entertaining). Breakfast ok. Staff friendly. Room small but neat & clean, shower produced some strange sort of a fine aerosol spray rather than delivering a decent water jet, but taking a shower was still possible. Given the convenient location and the general (horrible)…",Date of stay: July 2007,4.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1690-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great location...I'd stay here again,"I was at the Imperial hotel in late May. For the price, it's a pretty decent place to stay. The location in central London within walking distance from 2 tube stops is perfect. Almost walking distance to Oxford street if you really enjoy walking.  The rooms were much better than I expected based on the reviews. Blonde wood furniture, clean rooms and the bathroom was perfectly adequate. Note the lack of airconditioning like a lot of other London hotels which is rough during the summer.  The breakfast is adequate though after a few days it gets boring.  Considering the horrible exchange rate with the dollar, I would probably stay here again. ",None,4.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Give it a miss,"This was not my first choice of hotel, the one I wanted suggested this one and as I was only going to be staying for one night on business I accepted it.  On the plus side it was very central and within easy walking distance of theatres, tube and everywhere I needed to be.  The staff were also courteous and friendly.  Whilst the room was clean and had a good view of Russell Square as it was on the ninth floor, it smelled very musty and damp and there was a cockroach in my room.  Not making for a pleasant night's sleeping wondering if it might have brought friends along with it.  The room facilities, ie toiletries, tea and coffee were basic but that would have been ok were it not for the little visitor.  Breakfast was a non-starter and totally not appetising so didn't bother.…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Passable for a London budget hotel,"The hotel is in desperate need of an updating.  With the exchange rate making this room the equivalent of $200 USD, it could have been a bit more updated but the rooms were very clean which for a budget property is not always the case.  The bathroom while again needing an update was clean and the water pressure was super - and hot.  We had booked double rooms and were given twins which meant that for those of us 6 ft and over we were hanging out over the bed.  This is not a comfortable way to spend 5 nights and the hotel was booked so they were unable to make any changes - nor did they offer to make any concessions on the price.  The photos I am attaching has the beds pushed together so we could at least sprawl out a bit.  The biggest draw back was that the hotel is not equipped…",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, great location","My mother and I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in late Sept./ early Oct. 2006. Basically, considering what you pay, there's very little I can say that's negative. Our room faced Russell Square and was 2 floors above the hotel bar's outdoor patio, so noise was a problem on Fri. and Sat. nights. We didn't bother saying anything about it because we had good earplugs and didn't want to go through the hassle of changing rooms, but I hear that others with the same problem have been moved to a higher floor without a problem. Other than that, the decor and the worn condition of the carpeting hints that a makeover wouldn't go amiss. Again, though, this is a budget priced hotel and that was a minor quibble. On the upside, the staff was polite and helpful, the room and amenities were clean,…",Date of stay: September 2006,4.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good central location,"Stayed at the Imperial for one night and found it okay for what I wanted it for..........somewhere to sleep.  My friend and I stayed on the 9th floor and the room was clean and well decorated.  We had a twin room which had a tv, tea and coffee making facilities and a telephone. The one plus about the room was that it was an acceptable temperature and not boiling hot as some hotel rooms can be.  The bathroom was clean and toiletries were provided, the shower was awful though, very little pressure and you just about got wet.  The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast did set you up for the day.     The hotel is well situated and it is possible to reach alot of attractions on foot.  The closest museum being the British Museum which is 5 mins away.  Also very convienient…",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1695-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",give it a miss,"I have just come back from a 2 night stay which was a treat for my daughter on her 21st. We had a lovely time and the location was excellent, within walking distance of most theaters and short taxi or tube rides to other big attractions. Did not rate the hotel though. It was a real 'bare bones' of a hotel with everything done on the cheap. Our room was on the 3rd floor and although not dirty was worn and grubby and like something out of a 70's time warp, from the sliding doors to the hairy blankets on the bed. The hospitality tray consisted of a 70's kettle and a few grubby plastic bags with a teabag, coffee powdered milk and a plastic spoon. We even had to pay £10 deposit to loan a hairdryer. The breakfast was again very poor quality food that was only lukewarm, on the 2nd…",Date of stay: May 2007,2.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,I had booked a room for 3 adults and we ended up on the 9th floor. The room was refurbished and really clean! It reminded me of hotel rooms in Sweden - with lots of wooden details in the room. The door anyway was not changed and it was not so thick so we heard everthing going on in the hotel corridor. ,Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Below average,"I stayed in the Imperial for one night whilst working in London for the weekend.  My first thoughts were that the hotel was very outdated, the reception staff were reasonable but the porters that you collect (a ridiculously large key) from were rude and grumpy.  I have read other reviews here saying that their rooms had been renovated, however, mine was on the 8th floor and very shabby.  The toilet was seperate from the bathroom and felt like a prison cell and the taps and sink were rusty and old, although they did seem to be as clean as they could be for their age.  Hopefully all the rooms will be renovated shortly and this will no longer be disappointing.  The walls are also very thin and I was kept awake until the early hours by a group of people in the room next door, not…",Date of stay: March 2007,2.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value For Money,"Just returned from a five-night stay at the Imperial Hotel in London booked through the British Airways website as part of an air/hotel package.   Given the prevailing high room rates in London generally, I found the Imperial Hotel to offer above-average value for the budget-minded visitor.  The hotel is conveniently located two blocks from the Russell Square tube station on the Piccadilly line, and two blocks from the British Museum.  While the rooms are not large, my twin room on the 9th floor was perfectly adequate for our purposes--it was clean, regularly maintained, and quiet; as a bonus, it looked out onto Russell Square.  One interesting quirk about my particular room was the separation of toilet and shower/washbasin which were situated across from each other separated by…",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Thankyou Imperial!,"We found the Imperial Hotel in desperate times, our hotel had overbooked and had been kind enough to find us another hotel - the other side of London! We were very short for time as we had a show to see in the west end and i remembered Imperial Hotels had several hotels in the area so i gave them a call. We were told The Imperial had a twin available, i asked to book and the girl said ' Don't worry we've plenty of rooms free just turn up' - quite worrying for a Saturday night but i had no other choice!  I didn't need to worry, in fact i don't know why they had free rooms on a normally busy night as this is a pretty decent hotel (and £30 cheaper than our original hotel). First impressions weren't brilliant, the hotel was clean and friendly but had shabby, 1970s decor. Then we…",Date of stay: February 2007,5.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1700-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",enjoyed our stay,"my husband and I spent two nights at the Imperial and found it very enjoyable, The staff were very friendly and the breakfast was good - everything you could ask for. The bedroom we had was on the top floor with a good view of the London Eye, it was very clean and looked as if it had recently been refurbished, towels changed daily as was the courtesy tray and the central heating was on constantly. all in all a reasonably good hotel we would go there again barbara and keith - wigan lancs. ",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",basic but good,"The rooms in the Imperial could do with a bit of updating - the separate toilet and bathroom took a bit of getting used to.  The corridors were a bit shabby but you don't go to London to see corridors!  The welcome was friendly enough and the staff throughout our stay were efficient.  Breakfasts were ok - nothing to write home about - but they were plentiful, if a bit lukewarm!  The hotel is in an excellent location for travel to the main attractions, especially with Russell Sq tube station right around the corner.  Buses pass the hotel regularly as well, which is handy.  The bar downstairs serves good value pub grub although the menu is very limited but on our first night we struggled to get a seat as the place was packed.  Can only have been a good sign.  In summary, the…",Date of stay: December 2006,3.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, jaded and living on past glories","From the front the hotel is impressive (in a 1970’s kind of way),  the location is great and the staff were present and helpful however the first surprise was a single room that was no larger than a student’s study-bedroom. The room was clean and tidy but everything had a slightly “run-down” feel and the quality of the bed was reminiscent of a student squat.  The first evening was spent with a large party from my firm and a corporate buffet, but there was insufficient food, those who had waited until the queue reduced got the remnants and additional food was finally served to the Ban-Marie part way through the dessert.  Breakfast the next morning was a further revelation; our whole company was due to be served at a set time, but the hotel was not ready and we queued for about…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased,"Stayed here for one night on the 15th October - in a triple room on the 8th floor. Room was very clean and we were delighted to find we had 3 single beds in the room with adequate space between them.  Toilet was seperate. from the shower room. was'nt too gone on the sliding doors - as it seemed bery 70s. However, Room looked like it had been recently refurbished as the carpet seemed very new and was different from that in the other rooms that we saw when we were checking out  ( housekeeping had the doors open as we passed).  Some of those rooms seemed very dated. Indeed the carpet on the  corridor leading up the room was badly in need of replacement.  Breakfast was fairly good. Replenished by staff on a regular basis.  Overall I would stay here again as our room was spotless. …",Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Thank heavens for the Imperial,"The Imperial was a great base for exploring London. A short walk from Russell Square Tube station. We stayed in room 809 too! It was clean (although a bit dated) but we were so delighted to be in a quieter hotel room. We stayed the night before at the Royal National just along the road and had to check out after one night because it was so unbelievably noisy - do not stay there! It did make us appreciate the Imperial though.   It's low cost for London so don't expect it to be posh but its friendly, clean, warm and quiet enough to get some sleep. We would go back!! ",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1705-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"We stayed at this hotel for two nights and would recommend it to anyone with its good location. The service in the hotel was great the rooms were very comfortable and the bedding was clean, service at reception and at the bar were excellent, self service breakfast very good even when one day we did not get till 9.55  it closes at 10oclock it was still hot and all full. ",Date of stay: October 2006,4.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Student halls,"Good location, but a dated noisy hotel. Nothing puts off the wife more than slidding bathroom and toliet doors. We also unfortunately had a connecting room (only room available even though booked six weeks in advance) and could hear nexts door conversation. Maids also start at around 7am! ",Date of stay: September 2006,2.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel Stay,"During July I stayed at the Imperial Hotel, Russell Square with my elderly parents in a room accommodating 3 persons.  We were very happy with the room as it was clean, bigger than expected and serviced daily by very friendly and helpful staff.  Breakfast is plentyful and of a high standard - far better than any other breakfasts we had had at the numerous hotels visited during our trip.  The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the tube station.  The tube does have stairs that have to negotiated before getting to the trains.  The Imperial Hotel is an old building and the carpets are wearing thin but considering what you get and the price I would definitely stay there whenever I visit London.  Staff at Reception and the Porters are helpful, pleasant and always ready to be of assistance…",None,4.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"I found the staff to be friendly and check in was fast and efficient.  My room was small and outdated, looks the 70's still.  The bathroom was good, the water ran fine.  The hotel was situated in a good spot and not too far from Oxford Street.  Hotels are expensive in London so i guess this was resonably priced but compared to what you pay in London to other places around the world i think the rooms could be a lot nicer however i would recomend this place. ",Date of stay: December 2005,4.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money!,"We stayed at the imperial for one night and we found it good value for the money. Parking was very convenient and reasonably priced for its location. Hotel room was clean with separate toilet & bathroom, (although these two rooms were a bit of a squeeze). Request a room with a view over the park as we were at the back of the hotel and found the air conditioning of adjoining building a bit noisey and were unable to have window open at night, (it was a hot night). Breakfast was very good, bar was ideal at night, cashpoint and shop in hotel very convenient. One tip though, take some quality tea bags with you as complimentary beverages in room a bit stingy. Would definately use again. ",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1710-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Imperial!,"We stayed at the Imperial on our honeymoon to London and had a fantastic stay! Our room had a lovely view overlooking Russell Square and we enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle. The rooms are slightly dated in their 70s decor but they are definetly clean and comfortable. The staff were always friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed and looked forward to our English breakfast each morning! Bacon, eggs, tomatoes, toast with jams, and the best hot chocolate ever! It was a real treat! The location was great, you could walk to most attractions in London, but if you felt tired the Underground was only around the corner from the hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2006,5.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but terrible breakfast!,"I stayed at the Imperial for a couple of nights on business in London. It has a great location right on Russell Sq, but it's one of those big hotels from the 1960's/70's that doesn't seem to have had much of an update since then. The room was fine, good view of the rooftops, clean but needed updating and if you are looking for a drink after a long journey don't go to the mini bar as its left empty. The free breakfast is really horrible, steamed toast and horribly oil soaked scrambled eggs - not a good advertisement for the English Breakfast.  However the staff on the desk were nice and helpful and without a doubt its not the worse place I've stayed in. ",None,2.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, would stay again.","Having parked the car in the underground car park, we looked for the entrance to the Hotel.  Signage was very poor, though we did eventually find a door marked ""Entrance to Hotel"".  On going through this door we were faced with steps up to the hotel.  Had I been a wheelchair user, there was no indication as to an accessible entrance.  On arriving in a reception area, we attempted to check in, only to find that we were in the reception area of the President Hotel, rather than the Imperial.  The President and the Imperial are in adjoining buildings.   Having been directed to the Imperial.  We checked in.  Check in was efficient and the receptionist friendly and helpful, as was the porter, who advised us what time we needed to leave to get to the show we were seeing on time, and…",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate Hotel - Perfect location,"Ask for a front room on the eighth floor: the view is worth the price of the room alone: you can see the NW London skyline from the BT tower, through the British Museum to the London Eye and, below, leafy Russell Square, the largest square in London.  The location is ideal for the West End theatres, Soho, the British Museum and, because you can get the Piccadilly line at Russell Square tube station, the museums at South Kensington.  The room are clean and perfectly adequate, although (nasty shock) the in-room bar was not stocked.  The public areas of the hotel are a little dated, adopting a brown-panelled mock-baronial theme, and the smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the lobby may alarm North Americans (although proposed legislation is likely to outlaw smoking in such areas…",Date of stay: February 2006,3.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"The Imperial hotel is just around the corner from the Russel Square tube station, which lets you easily get around London. We only stayed for one night with a tour group. The rooms were small but seemed relatively clean. Not luxury, a fairly good value for something in central London. Would stay here again next time. ",Date of stay: May 2005,3.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1715-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Good price.","Me and 2 friends stayed here on New Yrs Eve, got a very reasonable rate direct through their website.  The Hotel is within short walking distance to Russell Square tube station, and abit further to Holburn tube. Our night out venue was The New Connaught Rooms, Covent Garden - which we walked to & from, took about 15mins.  The room had 3 single beds which is abit of a novelty because usually in a triple room you just get 1 double and 1 single. The size was decent and everything worked. The bathroom and toilet was seperate which was nice - although no locks on either.  The fire alarm went off just as we was leaving, we ended up getting locked in the fire escape staircase as the fire door on the ground floor appeared to be locked - needless to say it scared us half to death!! We…",Date of stay: December 2005,3.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"This hotel offers good value and is in a great location.  I stayed there in September 2005, sharing a twin room with my mother.  I was a bit concerned having read some of the reviews of the hotel before I went but would stay there again because of its amenities and location (noting, however, previous comments that double rooms are small).  While the hotel is a bit dated, and the room was not air-conditioned, the hotel has lifts and our twin room was clean, of a good size and had the bonus of a toilet and bidet separate to the shower and bath.  It also had two separate closets for hanging clothes, drawers, a TV, fridge and tea/coffee making facilities.  In fact, it looked just like the photo in the brochure (but no mini bar as advertised).  Ice could be obtained from the modern…",None,3.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel adequate, but great breakfast buffet","Stayed there last night (17 September 2005) as we were attending a dinner function in the hotel.  Room was small, but clean and comfortable.  The website advertises that each room has satellite tv, but the only extra channels available were a French one and a German one - not the usual Sky selection that you expect in the UK.  A slight grumble was that my wife and I felt cold in the room at night - we rang the front desk to ask where the temperature control was located, only to be told that ""the heating doesn't come on until October""!  The breakfast (included within the rate of £98 for a double room) was very good. ",Date of stay: September 2005,3.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial Hotel Nice,"Stayed at the Imperial for 5 nights after the London Bombings.  Rooms are small and could be updated ... but that didn't bother us.  Great views of London directly over Russell Square.  Hair Dryer didn't work, but when you're on vacation who cares about your hair!  Breakfast is ok, but would recommend going out for breakfast.  Staff was very nice and helpful with maps and info on London.  We kept our luggage there while we went to Paris, and everything was secure.  I will stay there again. ",Date of stay: July 2005,3.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Imperial is good,The rooms at the Imperial are small as compared to the usual American hotel rooms but this is a very nice European hotel.  It is old but it is off the street a nice distance and there is not a problem with street noise.  We found the hotel very clean and very well staffed.  We think this is an excellent value in London. ,Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1720-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel Near British Museum for Students and Budget,I think this is an excellent location for the money.  The Imperial is a large modern building in the Bloomsbury area a block or so away from the British Museum.  It has a reasonably priced 24 hour cafe and a rental car location within the hotel.  This hotel is geared mainly to student groups and budget travelers.  Everytime I have stayed here I have been pleased.  One must keep in mind that there is no A/C and that accommodations are basic but still with private full baths.  I know many repeat customers who enjoy the location and the value.  The hotel owners also own the nearby President Hotel. ,Date of stay: January 2005,4.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Great Budget Hotel,"This is a wonderful hotel to stay at when you are in London. I'm not sure what everyone else was complaining about though. Yes, the rooms are small but do you really need a big room?? The bathroom tub was narrow but the shower had a wonderful flow and hot water that didn't give out. Do not expect the typical American hotel room that you are used to because guess what... you're not in America. Things are different and that's why you came to London, to experience the difference and the city... go out and enjoy it. The Staff was wonderful and very helpful.   I'd skip breakfast at the hotel, there is a wonderful little market with an ATM machine right outside, about a block or so up and to the right, just across the street from the Tube Station that you can get pastries for…",Date of stay: April 2005,4.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",regular to nice,"A pleasant hotel to stay for the weekend. The ""tube"" is pretty near, so as Britsh Museum. It's lobby is charming, though it's a bit old-fashioned. The cristals are very nice. We've stayed in an Russel Square overlooking view, I guess the best ones. Rooms are very small, quite clean, average for the hotel category. The wall paper in some places need to be replaced. It has 5 elevators, don't know why, always busy. Breakfast was awful. It has only one option, english breakfast, no yoghurt, no ham, no chesse, no croissants or brioches. The old asian tart, the lady ""sargeant"", keeps the entrance blocked 'til you proof her you are an hotel guest, so, don't ever forget your key-pass or your room key. A last word for the front-office staff, the girls are nice and friendly, unlike men…",Date of stay: March 2005,3.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here--you'll be disappointed,"What a mistake!  This place is in desperate need of a MAJOR renovation---wallpaper peeling off walls in the hallway, lobby furnishings look like they came straight from a garage sale, old carpeting thoughout the property, toilets that don't always flush, and a dining room that has dirty table cloths.    I stayed here in March 2005 and wasn't expecting a 5-star experience, however since it was offered through British Airways, I did expect a clean hotel in reasonably good shape.  This place is a dump, and I suspect that the other properties in the chain are the same or worse.  I was so disappointed....think twice before booking here! ",Date of stay: March 2005,1.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Value and Excellent Location,"I stayed at the Imperial just before Christmas 2004.  The rooms are pretty much as pictured (if your eyes were wide angled).  They are small, but clean and the location very convenient to the underground and bus lines.   They offer no-smoking rooms on the 8th floor.  I recommend a higher floor to avoid the noise problems noted in earlier reviews.The windows and walls are thin and do allow noise from the busy Russell square below.  Rooms on the other side of the building are quieter in this respect, but don't have much of a view.   Service was excellent and friendly; the morning breakfast buffet was fantastic.  Shop for prices; the airlines (BA) have some very good discounts on this hotel. ",None,4.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1725-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Thin walls and windows,"I stayed four nights at the Imperial.  The location was perfect and convenient for all that I needed to do.  The rooms are clean.  When I first checked in, I was given a room on the back side which looked over a roof and across to three other hotel buildings.  It was like being in a gray tunnel.  I requested a room on the front of the building, and I was quickly moved to a room overlooking Russell Square.  That turned out to be both good news and bad news.  Good news was that it was a very nice view.  Bad news was that the windows are neither insulated nor double paned, so it was very noisy.  My other major complaint is that the walls in this hotel are paper thin.  I can tell you all about the couple next door, including......well, you know.   I probably will not stay there…",Date of stay: November 2004,2.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",great value and location,"Stayed in the fall of 2003. The room was small but clean and the breakfast buffet was great! The location is close to most of London's main sites. This hotel seems to be a hotspot for Tour Groups, but management kept the younger tourists under control. The people at the front desk were less than friendly and helpful, other than that I would stay again. Also for a hotel that size is has 2 computers for internet access that was seriously over-priced! ",None,3.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",good value for London prices and excellent full breakfast,"Great location, right accross the street from Russell Square, with good resturants around and 2 blocks from the subway station. The room was pretty basic, nothing special, but clean and served the purpose of a decent place to spend the night after a busy sightseeing day in London.  If you are looking for a well-located, affordable hotel with no-frills, clean rooms and great breakfast at a reasonable price, that is the place for you. We found a great rate of U$ 116 a night with tax and breakfast at the British airways website.",Date of stay: January 2005,3.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Double bed incredibly small,"Cons - Room was incredibly small, which was unexpected given the moderate price of the room. I have stayed in other more budget priced places that had more room. The biggest problem is that the double bed was more like a twin and 1/2 half. My husband & I, both of whom are not overweight could barely fit in it. Moving around in your sleep was not an option. Pros - The room was in good shape and clean. The location and amenities were good. The breakfast was very good. Overall a nice hotel. I would consider staying there again, but next time I would book twin beds.",None,3.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193635-Reviews-or1730-Imperial_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Imperial Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny but comfy,"Stayed here several years ago and was impressed with it. Beware, the rooms are TINY. I had a single and could barely had room to put my suitcase on the floor. The staff was helpful and the Russell Square Tube station was a few minutes away. I would stay here again... ",None,4.0
