,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or0-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed the stay and would come here again😁😁!,I absolutely adored the stay. It was right in the center of the city and the decoration side of it was truly wonderful. The bed were extremely comfortable and the rooms were very clean. I have to say this is one of the best city holidays I have ever been to. Well done Queens Park!,Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or0-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No ethics,"Disgusted with how treated. Got advised hotel not open so transferred to executive apartments. Got to london and they had transferred me to another hotel not to my expected standards.  The hotel didn’t apologise, just short email saying I wouldn’t get charged for cancelling.  It put a downer on our stay and gave my daughter an anxiety attack. The receptionist at the executive apartments was disgusting, said no room but yet i found them on booking.com for twice as much money! Avoid at all costs. Money Grabbing ####",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or0-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",SCAMMERS!,"Booked a last minute extra night in London, found this place on a comparison website. We booked it, everything seemed fine. We got there, to see a letter on the door that said if you've booked a stay, to go to another hotel instead. A man came out and rudely told us to go to another hotel, when we questioned him he pointed his finger to the street and said ""it's a road away!""   We dragged our luggage to a hotel a road away (which was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, in my life!) I am talking to the comparison website and my bank to get a full refund. Obviously this hotel and the other hotel are in business together. We should have gotten a call or email to say that we wouldn't be staying in this hotel, but some dirty studio apartments a road away. If we had known we wouldn't have been staying in THIS hotel, we would have gone somewhere elsewhere. They should NOT have been on the comparison website, taking in bookings, taking in money, to not offer a service they promised. We paid extra for breakfast, but the place they moved us to did not offer breakfast so we paid extra for nothing and had to leave to buy more breakfast elsewhere.  This completely ruined our trip to London, and I highly advise everyone to call up and check if they will be staying in this hotel, or the dirty studios we were put in. All I want is a refund. You could not pay me to stay again.…",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or0-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever...,"I booked Queen’s Park hotel, was told I was sent an email to inform me of booking change to this but I never. They said Queens Park hotel has an issue with Covid, I thought ok fair enough to begin with. Went to the room to find a room I never asked for. I needed a double bed and 2 singles, I was told they don’t do that here. Instead I got 2 doubles so now the 2 children 2 and 14 have to sleep in that.  There was no Covid cases at Queen’s Park hotel as this is a common theme if you look through Google reviews. If they had that many Covid cases then Boris needs informing as this is clearly the hot spot! Staff are rubbish, hotel is below par, dirty and tv doesn’t work. Red light area in fact on your doorstep.   I didn’t receive what I ordered and was told I need to contact Agoda, they told me I have to speak to hotel, hotel is rude so now I’ve contacted card issuer. I paid £57 for a room which at the time of check in I could have paid £34 for. I guess this is the scam, book a better hotel and receive one half the price.…",Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or0-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ignore negative reviews,"Recently had a 3 night stay here with my wife and kids, was very unsure what to expect after some reviews but as usual it turned out nothing like some of the bad ones I read. You must understand this is not a 5 star hotel it's a budget hotel in a great location  for an amazing price. We only wanted a base to sleep shower etc and this was perfect, room size was fine beds were fine shower was brilliant! Granted it wasnt the Savoy but it was perfect for what we needed all staff were extremely pleasant. Location is perfect right ny Kensington gardens and 2 tube stations are a few minutes walk aswell as bus stops.",Date of stay: October 2020,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or5-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Felt like a scam,"I book a room about 2 month before. I confirmed in person a week before. The day before i got an email saying that they had moved me to another ""hotel which is a 4 star"". this was just down the road.  Believing this we went ahead. Well the 4 star is nothing more then a youth hostel for students. Noise. The room had no Wifi , the bed was up against the wall so it was really meant for one. I had to climb over my husband to get in and out. No curtains so the neighbor look straight onto the bed. If we wanted privacy to get dress we had to close a blind and sit in the dark with no light and the shower was a trickle. I believe this is the sister hotel and they use the Queens Park to fill it. Be warned.",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or5-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing with no amenities,"A friend and I stayed at this hotel for eight nights for a sightseeing trip. He was given a very tiny room on an upper floor that barely had room for him and his luggage. I was given room G-101, which is essentially in the basement. It’s the only room in a dark, isolated corridor and I never felt safe. I wedged the desk chair under the doorknob at night. Oddly my room was huge with three twin beds! It was definitely worn, but clean. The only window is high in the wall looking at the ground of an alley. The curtain didn’t begin to cover it so I was very exposed until I piled extra pillows in front of it. The bathroom is tiny but adequate.  After reading other reviews, I feel fortunate that I never saw any bugs and that no one entered my room. The beds were narrow but long days of…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or5-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",First time in London,"First time visiting London. This with my mom and son. No idea what we were getting into with this hotel. After an 8 hour flight we arrived to the hotel at 1130am London time to bags strung out on the floor overflowing from the storage room. We inquired about early check in. Were told no rooms available. However, we were accommodated by 1230am. Staff was very friendly.  Location was near the Bayswater Tube station. Closest grocery store is a petrol station up the street. Lift is very small so if you are any bit claustrophobic, suggest taking the stairs. Lift can only accommodate 1 person and a thier luggage. As this is London, there is no ice machine as you find in the states. In the lobby, there is a small ice maker tho.  Would I stay here again. Probably not. But it's not…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or5-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",rooms are small but perfectly formed,"A good place to stay for visiting London as it is cheap, and near a tube station and has everything you need. There is no restaurant but eating places are close by. breakfast is average but adequate. It is very clean.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or5-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No privacy,"I spent a week with my family at this hotel. We booked two double rooms, one for my parents and another one for my sister and me.  When we arrived to the hotel, my parents got their room but my sister and I got two single rooms, since all the double rooms were in use. For two nights my sister and I had two single rooms. The day after the second night when I opened the door of my room there was a pregnant lady resting on the bed. Understandably, she got really scared and so did I. That morning I had left all my personal belongings in the room, including my medication. Turns out that my room had been given to another gest (this lady) without my knowledge. The hotel staff decided on their own to move all my belonging to my new room (double room) with no previous information. The…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or10-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, tiny room","Tiny room, not enough space to put cases. Had to put them in front of the door. Less than 20cm between bed and window.   Breakfast was good, with a good selection. Staff were only reasonably helpful.   Great location around the corner from HOHO bus stop, and two small blocks from a street with lots of restaurants and shops to purchase groceries, sim cards, etc.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or10-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Staff very unpleasant: they did not try to find a solution when we asked for a twin room instead of a double bed. Only solution: pay 99 pounds extra for a ""superior room"". the so called ""superior room"" was a cage with virtually no space to move around. They had stuck there two tiny beds (70 cm wide) and the window gave to a wall less than 1 meter away from the window (lovely view!). The room was situated closed to a fire safety door which slammed all night long as people went through. I asked the staff to have it repaired or to give us another room. Result: nothing done and 3 nights without being able to sleep properly. Out of 3 lifts, only one had been refurbished and worked..... The room was not clean and even less the breakfast space where tables had not even a paper mat on,…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or10-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","With no heating, no table, dirty","I was at this hotel in the middle of Feb. Second time as gave second chance. Distgusting conditions. My first room had no heating. After a claim they give me an even worse room - with no table, no chairs. Had a pics. Don't recommend. The price is not adequate for the standart",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or10-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Boutique Hotel,"This hotel located a stones throw from Hyde Park.  Reception bright and modern.  The staff helpful and efficient.  The room bright, clean and modern.  Breakfast good with a choice of hot and continental breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or10-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room,I stayed here for 2 nights last week. I was surprised about how small the room was according to the picture. But all in all it was okay stay and overall okay experience..just needed the basics for somewhere to get ready and washed and get to sleep... also the tv remote was a bit broke but that’s not a big issue,Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or15-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel review,"Stayed here for three nights in room 203, arrived on Tuesday the 18th feb and left today feb 21st. When arriving to the bedroom the room was very small double bed and single bed had around a 30cm gap between them for three adults this was very cramped. Wardrobe was dirty, bathroom was tiny with toilet flusher half broken, mould was growing behind the headboard of the beds and could see the inside wires of the hairdryer and I know this is very unsafe. Paint is coming off the walls in most places including corridors. The corridors are tiny with floors & doors creaking anytime you walk or touch them. Room was very hot as the heating was on 24/7, requested for the man to come up and lower down the heating looked like he was doing it, checked a couple hours later and the heating was…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or15-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ms Niamh Brown,"Arrived in the hotel on the 18th of February (today) and am booked in till Friday the 21st but highly considering moving hotel tomorrow!   Bedroom is very small with a double bed right under and window & beside the radiator (which has been on since arriving and we’ve no way of turning off) so you can imagine the heat in a small room with 3 adults! About a foots space between the double & single bed! Mould down the side of the double bed, not much room for suitcases or anything extra! Hold in toilet wall, flush button broke on the toilet and view from bedroom window is emergency exit stairs and boiler!   Will be speaking to staff when leaving but very disappointed as photos on website showed rooms very different!",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or15-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sorry but i had to..,"I must say the staff was good, specially Asari (sorry i cant spell well the name) who was amazing trying to get a nice room for us but... The price for value u get is not acceptable.. We changed 3 Times of room in 5 nights.. Many flaws for a 3 star hotel!! When u see the reception and the lifts looks to be ok but when u get to the floors and rooms.. The pictures speak for itself..",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or15-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",QUALITY at a SMALL PRICE,"Queens Park Hotel is a VERY AFFORDABLE residence in a GREAT LOCATION! ( I paid $423 for 6 nights including the buffet breakfast) Located on Queensborough Terrace, just a short walk to Bayswater Road, is a 3 minute walk from Hyde Park, Queensway Underground Station, major public bus line, and Queensway that has all the food choices you could possibly want, from cheap eats to fine dining, and Asian to European and American. The hotel itself is in good clean condition with a great staff and a wonderful full breakfast buffet available. This hotel is a return favorite with many folks I spoke with, young and old, because of the location and affordability. Not elegant but quite nice. A slight bit worn but real clean. DON'T MISS THIS ONE!",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or15-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely location,Stayed here for 1 night Next to Hyde park 2 mins from tube  Very cheap for location Room was nice and clean and modern Breakfast was nice with a good choice Not a lot to say as arrived late went to bed got up had a shower then breakfast and left for the city   Would I stay again.  Definitely,Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or20-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Orrible stay,"Room is dirty. It’s a very bad hotel. Everything is old and it really doesn’t have  nothing with pictures. Our stay was really bad. Second night we get up at 6 am because there was a big noise near our room, we called 3 times reception and none did nothing until 9 am that someone get inside the room and stopped the noise in 5 seconds... why they coudn’t stop the noise at 6 am and let us sleep? one night we get back and there was a cocacola can inside our room, we don’t know why and we even don’t know who leaved it here... maybe house keeping ? Really strange hotel. Breakfast is bad.   ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or20-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant hotel...I’ll definitely be returning!,"The hotel was stunning for the price! I was travelling solo so booked a single room and it was extremely generous on space. It was modern, warm and comfortable with lots of nice touches! The room was clean and the bathroom was unreal. Very comfy bed, I wish I could have stayed longer. When I first got to the area, I was worried what it would be like at night time as the streets looked slightly intimidating but at night the streets were bustling with people and I felt extremely safe walking around, there were lots of shops and restaurants open late at night too, so there’s plenty to do. My only 2 criticisms... the lady who checked me in was lovely but the other staff I encountered on my 1 night stay were rude and unwelcoming. My only other issue is the shower gel and shampoo, the…",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or20-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great price for a clean stay in a handy location.,"After reading other reviews I was worried. However, we arrived to a clean, simple, fairly spacious room with a double and single. Shower was warm, easily adjustable and powerful, bedding and room were clean. Plenty of Toiletry sachets and soaps in bathroom, and plenty of tea, coffee milks etc. Hard flooring helps with that. Buffet style breakfast had everything you'd expect, not gourmet but perfectly acceptable with nice touches (good range of breads, fruit teas etc on top of standard cooked, croissants, cereals). Staff were polite, helpful and friendly (e.g offering to change our room to ground when they noticed I had slight  mobility difficulties (not needed but kind). Corridor a bit scruffy, but at around 100 for 2 nights with breakfast in Central London, a short hop from the…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or20-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It was OK hotel ,"Stayed here for one week  Hotel itself was ok. Nothing special because we just there for sleep  . The front desk people are very helpful and nice Breakfast ... was very dry and not too much verity.. location is very central and close with shops, restaurants and hop on hop off bus stop just 3 mins walk. ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or20-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled our booking 24 hours before we were due to arrive. Based on reviews lucky me!,"They cancelled our booking 24 hours before we were arriving citing that our credit card didn't go through which is puzzling because every other accommodation we booked throughout Europe it was fine so I'm not sure how much they were trying to charge as a holding amount.  We eventually got through to someone in reception who told us to call back later to speak to a manager, which was impossible as we were on a 20 hour flight and I preferred to have somewhere to stay upon arriving in London and not just hope for the best as I was travelling with kids.  I booked and stayed at Grand Plaza Apartments close by which was lovely and also close to 2 tube stations and buses. I would suggest if you don't want uncertainty in your booking don't book with Queens Park Hotel.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or25-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Reservation staff need training,"Location is great. Reservation staff are overbooking so the chances of getting what you have booked are slim in busy periods. Initially given a room already occupied, then told not possible! Then given a room whereby only one bed could actually see the TV, then had to request a remote to activate TV which took some while to locate. Following day was moved to room as was booked...this room was very comfortable. My booking was not the only one moved and every time you passed reception all you could hear was complaints on the rooms allocated. Total chaos, such a shame as the location is fantastic",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or25-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Our room was disgusting! It was certainly not “superbly refurbished” as described!! Level 1 rooms = uneven flooring, frayed & dirty carpets that are not even attached to floor around the edges. Uncomfortable beds, tiny bathrooms, limited storage room etc, etc And we thought it couldn’t get worse...until we saw a MOUSE in our room!! (after we slept there for 7nights!) We then moved the bed to look for the mouse and found a mouse trap ( they obviously knew there were mice) mice faeces, hairs, dirt etc, etc. I do not believe the rooms on Level 1 meet a basic standard of cleanliness that should be afforded to any paying customer!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or25-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost!,"If I could score less than one star I would. Visited Queens Park hotel on 14th December for a one night stay with 3 friends staying in a quadruple room. On first impressions it was basic but ok. On closer inspection we could see it was in need of some cleaning. The carpet was absolutely filthy and the walls had questionable stains. The morning we were due to check out two of my group woke up with bites on their legs. Looking at the beds we were then disgusted to find bed bugs and evidence of bed bugs (empty shells and bloody marks). When reported to reception they seemed unfazed and advised us of an email address to write to! It's been 5 days and I have yet to receive a response to the email sent. I do not expect to pay £195 for a room to be bitten by bed bugs,and then to have…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or25-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, customer service needs work","Positives:  Cannot fault the location of the hotel! Walking distance to major sites and the tube. Easy to navigate, room was quite small. Luggage room to leave suitcases whilst rooms are getting ready.  Negatives:  Nowhere to put luggage, cramped in the room. Shower doesn’t drain properly. Tried calling and emailing reception on multiple occasions prior to arrival to confirm details (a couple of months and again the week of arrival) with no response.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or25-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Stay,"Just stayed in this Hotel and what a lovely surprise, i hadnt had great expectations because of the low price in central london. boy was I wrong. The hotel is on  perfect bus routes for easy access everywhere. The hotel was spotlessly clean, modern and comfortable. The staff were friendly and accommodating. We will certainly make this our London hotel to Use in the futre.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or30-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A bit cramped but a great location,"Well, the room was VERY small, in the basement and with a broken lift, although told they told us they were awaiting a technician to repair it,  I suspect it has been out of order for some time as it wasn't repaired in the 5 days we were there.  Nonetheless, the lovely receptionist carried my bag down to the room.  Well for three people it was a bit of a logistical exercise to find room to place our luggage. Having said that, the hotel is brilliantly located with two tube stations within about 300m, and immediately adjacent to Hyde Park. Good food options nearby.  The breakfast is the usual English Breakfast fare and adequate.  Would I go back again...maybe more because of the location. BUT for the price we paid I don't think I can complain. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or30-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",london theatre break,"great hotel for the price comfy,clean helpful staff and good breakfast. Two buses near by take you into center plus two tubes stations so easy to get around also right next door to Hyde park if you want a walk Hotel beautiful Georgian terrace updated to modern facilities inside",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or30-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I booked to take my mum & daughter to London for a long weekend as an early Christmas present.  My mum is in her 70s and I needed somewhere within easy walking of a tube station, good, clean standard and step-in shower. I booked via Expedia months ahead and paid £306 for Friday & Saturday for a room with a double and single beds. Photos on the website looked great & it looked good value with continental breakfast included. We walked through lovely refurbished corridors to get to our room - unfortunately our corridor was dirty & worn. The room was really shabby - plastic floor all chipped, furniture worn & fit for a skip and the cupboard I thought was for our clothes contained an old sink and fridge. It was clean and bathroom wasn't too bad but so tiny there was nothing to put…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or30-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pay more to get more,Firstly I have took the cheapest room  But there was no water in the bathroom  and the room too much small And after that I have paid to upgrade my room  And that’s it  Good room good service  But the lobby and the employees are very friendly ,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or30-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Very tiny room   patched up bits of carpet, cracked shower tray & floor tiles in bathroom   but seems clean    this was the best room of 3 as first room was dirty so complained   second room was so small I would have had to climb over bed to get in it so complained again. Staff on reception were helpful and courteous. The photos on website are nothing at all like the actuality ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or35-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","HOW DARE YOU> I had taken a dear friend to a concert who doesnt get out much, you treated him like s*** as you did us","You owe me money which i will follow up. I will get my money back.   Your check in was a mess. a woman made me fill out two bits of paper with the same detials. then i had to go away for half hour because confusion. booked two double rooms got twins. Breakfast was extra and paid for BUT REFUSED IN THE MORNING.   BREAKFAST WAS POOR ANY HOW.  No remotes in any of the rooms and it was a pain and a hassle to aks for them. my friend was refused a remote control for his room and his breakfast, disgusting.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or35-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very good 3 day break,"Stayed for 2 nights bed and breakfast and was very happy with everything. Superior single room on the third floor has obviously been recently refurbished and it's been done to a really good standard. The bed was comfortable, the room wasn't huge but for what I paid for it and for the location it was really good value for money. The shower room was clean and well finished and the shower was piping hot with great water pressure. The self service buffet breakfast was great value for money too, don't expect a gourmet meal but if you want a good meal to set you up for the morning it's excellent. I would absolutely stay here again and would happily recommend it. I was attending 2 concerts at the Royal Albert Hall and I visited the Natural History Museum and the V&A museum. I also took…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or35-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"After an hour of waiting, it turned out they had lost our booking and left us with a cheap substitute hotel, at a lower price than what we paid. Unhelpful staff didn’t know what they were doing and we were offered no compensation. 1/10 would not recommend ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or35-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worth A Chance ,We just completed a stay at this hotel and we were quite skeptical and almost ended up changing our reservations at the last minute based to all the recent negative reviews.  The hotel has made some major changes from what we experienced in comparison to others. Our room was on the 4th floor and all the rooms on this floor seemed newly renovated.   The showers and beds were also clean and fairly comfortable. They have brand new safes and TVs to stay up to date. Our room was not overly spacious however I’d imagine most rooms in similar hotels are the same size.  The hotel is located nearby the bays water tube station which is really convenient for getting on the circle and district lines for attractions.  They might still have a bit of room to improve some more however we were…,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or35-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",2nd visit disappointment,"I reviewed this hotel when I stayed in March this year and gave it 3*.  Like I said before it is what it is.  A basic hotel in a great location for seeing London.  This time we got the 5th floor which I thought would be great and the room itself was small but fine.  HOWEVER, I don't care what star of hotel you are in, basic cleanliness is a must.  Nobody wants to come into a room & bathroom that hasn't been cleaned properly.  On arrival at our room I noticed the shower had a hair in it.  Upon closer inspection there was actually 5 hairs all left in the shower and a slightly stained hand towel.  It got worse at bedtime when I pulled the duvet back to reveal 2 little hairs!  Such a pity, this has put me off returning again.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or40-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"I booked this hotel before reading the reviews so was a bit dubious after I read them. We found the hotel easy, it’s a two minute walk from Queensway tube station. Reception was busy on check in but they were very welcoming. Our room was 400 right on the top floor. It was lovely and clean and decorated in a modern way with all the amenities we needed. Beds were lovely and comfortable and the air conditioning was nice too. The bathroom was spotless with a great power shower and big cubicle. We’ve just had breakfast and that too was delicious. Lovely fresh and hot with a wide selection to choose from. We’ve really enjoyed our stay here and would definitely book again. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or40-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What. A. Dump.,One star/circle is too much for this place.  Our rooms looked nothing like the photos.  First they put us in a postage stamp size room with a small high window that looked out over the staff smoking staircase.  Carpets were all frayed and the place hadn’t been painted in years.  After much complaining- both to the staff and useless Expedia - we were moved the next day to an equally bad room.  Never will we stay there again nor use Expedia.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or40-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,"We stayed here for 2 nights last week. Found the room small, but clean. And suited what we needed. The breakfast was nice, could of done with more choice but again it did the job. Staff could use some training on how to give a friendly welcome with a smile.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or40-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room 418,"Stayed here for one night last week. My single room was very small, but perfectly adequate for one night. It was clean and comfortable and I had a peaceful night’s sleep. Sockets and usb points were available right next to the bed - very handy. Tea and coffee making facilities available. Flat screen tv which worked well. Friendly staff upon arrival, which was late (11pm) - luckily, there’s a 24 hour reception. Not too far to walk from Queensway tube station - about 10 minutes. Bit of a walk from Paddington train station though. I accidentally booked the wrong hotel and was unable to cancel, so be careful! Of course, you can always catch the tube to Paddington train station, but the London tube is hardly the most pleasant experience! I might stay here again, but to be honest, I’d…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or40-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A rather dour atmosphere with unhappy looking staff,"The hotel  itself  is well presented, and the rooms are at least clean.  It is one of the cheapest around that area, with lots of amenities all around such as an abundance of eating places of all sorts and nationalities ...a very nice Persian one just around the corner.  A supermarket 5 minutes away, and 2 tube stations just around the corner.  The breakfast room was huge, with an excellent breakfast ranging from  full English....sausages and bacon, scrambled eggs, cooked tomatoes as well as the good old baked beans.  All sorts of continental pastries and juices available, with tea and coffee of your choice. However, the dour and uptight staff was a turn-off, and some even took it out on the guests.   I booked and paid for a double/twin room, but got a single instead.  When I…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or45-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"We stayed here for 4 nights and were slightly vary of it. However we were pretty impressed by this hotel. The room was small but it did the job as we didn't spend much time in it but it was clean and comfortable. Hotel itself is a little dated but it was fine. Breakfast was good every morning and included in our price. Very good area as close to Kensington gardens and we even walked to Marble Arch/Oxford Street from it. Tube station around the corner too, as well as restaurants and places to eat.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or45-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London", Bed bugs and bad attitudes ,"My Sister and I recently stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for 4 nights. Oct 1-5th. Upon arrival the front desk clerk, a young black woman with long wavy hair (and no name badge) helped us check in. She was very rude and unhelpful. We were checked in to room 200. The room was hot and stuffy, dirty, and very small. There was no AC and the door to the bathroom was broken and could not close or lock. We were exhausted after an international flight from America and decided to just take a nap. 3 hours later we were awoken to bed bugs in our sheets and on our bodies. We each received 17-20 bites each. Horrified we killed a few bugs with toilet paper and grabbed our bags (which we thankfully never unpacked) and went downstairs to tell the evening front desk clerk. We showed him the bugs…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or45-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible place to stay,"Stayed here for three nights couldn’t wait to get home absolutely disgusting hotel squeaky floorboards ,disgusting carpets.the bed wasn’t much better mattress so uncomfortable we rolled into the middle of it . The toilet was so small when the shower was on you can’t breathe it’s like a steam room . Breakfast was a joke full breakfast was tinned mushrooms.tinned tomatoes, bacon was burnt to a crisp,& the scrambled egg was so congealed it was disgusting I settled for croissant on my three mornings.only good point is good location for the tube station.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or45-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away! ,"The room was terrible - with bedbugs! We woke up with rash all over the body! The receptionist chose to give access to my room to family members without my knowings. Security issues - front door open, workers going in and out. Hotel gave access to my room to other family members without me knowing about it!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or45-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",BAD EXPERIENCE.,"We had booked 2 standard rooms for our stay for 6 nights from 18 Sep 19 to 24 Sep 19.  On arrival the reception told me that our booking was cancelled. When told that it was an earlier booking which was cancelled, they relented and after much consultation gave us 2 dingy small rooms in the basement . Basement has a claustrophobic feeling so on request they shifted us to rooms on higher floor the next day. The intercom in my room did not work. Complaints to rectify the same went unheeded. On 20 Sep, while having breakfast in the hotel restaurant, my wife's sling bag containing mini I Pad and I Phone along with misc items was stolen while she went to take her coffee. On reporting the hotel staff were casual in their approach , despite having CCTV and security. I reported the crime…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or50-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Cozy room, great value, clean and centrally located ","For the price paid the room size was absolutely fine, the staff are really friendly it was clean and tidy. The shower was also nice and powerful.  Location spot on 3 minute walk from Queensway station, can not fault it.  Breakfast ok, not the best, but given that most London hotels in this price range offer at best a continental no complaints at all   Will be staying here again on business for sure.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or50-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value Comfortable and Clean,"We stayed here September 22-25. Very well located beside Hyde Park, just one block from the Queensway tube.  There is a grocery store close by and a few good pubs; the Swan and Leicester Arms Pub.  Our room was small but clean and comfortable.  I would book again. Breakfast was included in our price and was great - eggs, toast, beans, ham, cereal. Great budget hotel",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or50-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"Disgusting and dirty!! We had to change rooms three times. We were not able to lock the door, full of hair on the floor and BUGS IN THE BED (see photo). We packed our stuff and got another another hotel. How can they let people stay here.... do not waste your time on this one.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or50-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Still no response or apology from the Hotel!!!,"Ahead of my visit I contacted the hotel to confirm that my partner who is paralysed from the chest down and in a wheelchair full time, would be able to gain access to the hotel and a suitable room. I was advised on this initial call to ring back the following morning after 9am so that I could speak to the reservations manager. I explained my partners situation the following morning and was pleased to hear that the hotel was accessible and that they could offer me a wheelchair accessible room to the ground-floor with a bath. This was great news and our weekend away would continue as planned.  Upon arrival I was met by an entrance consisting of 3 steps to gain access to the reception area of the hotel- surprised, I headed to the reception assuming a ramp would be available only to…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or50-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"Booked this room as an add-on to our trip after getting an extra day off. Room was on 5th floor and TINY. Not surprised though, since similar market as NYC. However, it’s almost brand new on the interior with free breakfast in the morning. Even better, cleanliness and maintenance were outstanding. Location to Hyde Park and Kensington Palace is amazing. Access to Underground is convenient as well. Would definitely rebook if I need a modest room!!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or55-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"We stayed here recently whilst on holidays. The room we were given was nothing like the ones shown in their pics online and was clearly in need of refurbishment. It was old and worn, hot and stuffy and we could barely fit in it ourselves let alone our luggage too. We asked to be changed and had to pay a further 25 pound a night just to move to a room no bigger but refurbed so it felt cleaner and had air conditioning which the previous one did not  even though they told us “ well it has a fan”. The reception staff with the exception of the concierge Pall, who was lovely,  could do with some customer service training. Not overly polite and one evening as we sat in the foyer the 2 staff members that were on duty were having a laugh and joke which is not a problem, everyone should…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or55-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty old and shabby rooms. Please avoid,"Had to book this hotel as a last minute request, unfortunately did not check the user reviews.  From the outside the hotel looks decent enough but as you walk into the rooms you pass neatly appointed rooms and corridors but then through the narrow corridors you reach your room which is very crammed and depleted.  No airconditioning and the room is just enough to fit your bed and dont have space to move out.  The carpets are dirty and beyond cleaning.  Toilets does not have cover for the flush exposing the buttons.    The only plus point is the location as it is close to two tube stations.  But for the price you pay you will definitely get something much better and hygenic.  Please avoid.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or55-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","This is like two hotels in one: refurbished and dated, which will you get?","This hotel was a real disappointment. Check-in was fine and I passed through nicely appointed corridors with nice rooms then ended up at my room which I genuinely thought was in the staff quarters. Overall the room was shabby, the carpet was covered in marks and stains. The sink was broken. The panel from the toilet flush was missing. The shower was tiny and I could barely get in through the narrow cubicle door. The quilt was stained and showed through the cover and the bed had a ridge down the middle lengthways.   I asked to change rooms and the same staff who had been polite at check-in were then hositle and said no other rooms were available (London hotels are typically running at about 50% capacity so I find that hard to believe).   The only positive for this hotel is the…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or55-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Descent area. Room had a leak,"The location was great. Service not so much. The room was small but for a solo traveler it worked. What didn’t work so well was waking up to a leak coming from the roof and falling directly onto the twin size bed. Because it was the middle of the night (and it was my last. night) i didn’t want to get up and deal with moving rooms. I did let reception know at check out. I got an “oh ok”. No apology, no offer to refund. I wouldn’t stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or55-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Harry Potter tour and family holiday,"Arrived at the hotel and found the nature of the staff very rude to be honest. We got our room keys for 2 twin rooms and both rooms were basic very small no manoeuvre space, sewage smell from the bathrooms, stains on bed linen and curtain pole was off the wall. These rooms cost us £250 each so we paid £500 for 2 nights but definitely not worth it. I’d personally pay £50 for the room. In the lobby we went down to complain about the rooms and as we was doing this a part of the ceiling fell through which was a health and safety hazard all the manager said was ‘oh I’ll get a warning sign’. We asked to move rooms but nothing could be done on the first night so they moved us on our 2nd night to two superior twin rooms for free with free air conditioning. Before this they expected us…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or60-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Avoid. Single room was excessively hot, no window, and no air conditioning. Spend a bit more money and do yourself a favour. Location is good but once you're inside this place you have no sense of where you are apart from a really dingy hotel.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or60-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleased,"The hotel is very good value for money, especially being in London. Similar to the holiday and Premiere inn, but cheaper.  The staff were friendly and happy to help, hot and cold breakfast buffet, very nice, with attentive staff replenishing food and tableware regularly, top marks for service!  Rooms were small and clean but served well with aircon, TV, hairdryer, fresh towels and hot drinks restocked daily. The beds were very comfortable  and the shower was amazing, boy did it have power!  The location was perfectly Situated to visit local attractions, minutes away via tube station.  Lots of restaurants and shops nearby.  Princess Diana's memorial Park located across the road, absolutely fantastic! It has a huge wooden pirate ship, different play areas with climbing, swinging,…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or60-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"Arrived at hotel after the 2pm check in time as stated at booking. Given room only to find it still in use by another guest. They then gave us two different rooms (one wasn’t suitable with single beds, one was still being cleaned) we had to wait over an hour to finally be shown to our room. Happy to finally be given a room we were disappointed with the room itself. Dirty, minimal, view I can only describe as a dingy wall, not even a plug in the sink, plug sockets that didn’t work, tiles broken in bathroom, dirt on head board. Also the location of the room meant in the morning we had to fight our way through all of the breakfast diners to leave our room. Wasn’t impressed that my girlfriend went for a cigarette on her own and one of the male staff thought it appropriate to chat…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or60-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing,"This is my 3rd time at the Queens Park Hotel with my students. I feel that it's a great hotel if you are travelling with students because even though the rooms are small and some don't have aircon and breakfast is nothing special however, they are always ready to please. What they do have which most  hotels in London don't have is space downstairs (which is the breakfast area) for people to sit and bring their lunch or dinner or just play board games, cards or read before going to bed. It's situated in a good area. My students and I were very happy with their service. I will definitely book at this hotel a 4th time with my group. :)",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or60-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is,Stayed here in March with my mum through a deal with Thomas Cook.  Not the kind of hotel I would usually go for however I don't think it's as bad as some of the other reviews make it out to be.  I am very fussy however I must say this hotel is what it is.  It is a cheaper hotel in an easy accessible part of London and works as a base for your trip. We didn't have food so can't comment on that.  Our twin room was small however we were out sightseeing all the time and didn't stay much in the room so it was fine for it's purpose. Have booked to stay again in November :),Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or65-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad receptionist ,"Wow unbelievable!!!! We arrived at 2pm for our check in only to be told the system was down and had to wait an hour maybe more!! By the rudest receptionist or lady we have ever met I our lives, we asked if they had a backup and to be checked in manually only to be treated so rude by KORINA we were told to change if we wanted too in the disabled toilets, that the world didn't revolve around us and that she didn't want to speak to us anymore, we informed KORINA that we had travelled all day and we were tired and wanted our room she replied saying she had been in work since early  morning and she was the one tired!!!!!, unbelievable, we came to London for the faulty tower experience and we thought we were in it already lol, believe me basil has nothing on KORINA, she stormed off…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or65-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","What's all the fuss about, no problem","We booked a one night stay at this hotel after acquiring last minute tickets for a west end show. Slightly horrified by the level of poor reviews, we were unsure of what to expect. On arrival the hotel system was down and we began to worry. Full of apologies at reception we nipped off for a pint and a bite to eat. 45 mins later we returned to check in. The room was smallish, but more than adequate for a trip to London. ( after all most only sleep and shower in a hotel room, don't they). See photos. Breakfast was reasonable for the extra we paid. Don't be put off by some of the reviews. This hotel was busy with plenty of guests, which tells you something.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or65-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t go there,"Was like visiting faulty towers! Staff was terribly unhelpful and in interested. Rooms are like matchboxes without ventilation. Only a fan in the cupboard. Way over priced. Avoid at all cost. Breakfast we didn’t have so can’t comment. It is close to the underground station , so is easy to get to via public transport",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or65-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid. Horrible. Worst hotel ever,"I booked this trip last minute and had to settle. I was hoping the reviews were exaggerated, but they are not. When I booked, it says air conditioning. My room did not have this. I called the front desk who told me none of their rooms do. I know this is a lie, so I contacted the company I booked through. Here 5 nights. I’ll either be booking another hotel with a refund through the agency or getting a room with AC. The front staff were rude. The girls at front desk could have cared less if we were there or not. I hope no one else makes the mistake I made. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or65-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare hotel ,"Stayed here for 5 nites , arrived Thursday 11th July booked double /twin room asked reception for twin room he said there was none just double he told us to come down in morning and might be able to swap rooms . Room 207 up in lift walked out creaky floors opened door TWIN ROOM ? Back of hotel looking unto a wall , No A/C just a fan 2 out of 3 speeds working . There is a mobile in room for your use while staying handy if it worked ours didn't,  Turned on TV to have a rest before sightseeing as we were up since 3am travelling remote control didn't work , told reception it's was sorted 3 days later with another control which wasn't working great either used the TV buttons nitemare.  After a long day Thurs 11th we got in around 11.30 pm room was roasting weather was 24c that day…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or70-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID!!,A substandard hotel which looks deceivingly nice from the outside. Location near to Queensway tube and Hyde Park with good food places nearby...BUT the place is awful. Paid for 3 days breakfast...managed day 1 for a slice of toast and watered down coffee before walking around the corner to the Pret for a decent meal...didn’t bother with the next two days food...the sausages barely contained pork..VILE! My room was next to a number of poorly maintained (one of which can take two person Max) and very unreliable elevators and service elevators so the noise of them operating was constant...fortunately I was exhausted from days walking so managed a few hours sleep. The A/C was also hit and miss and I woke on the first night boiling through as it had shut itself off instead of…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or70-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,Please please listen to the reviews I did not as I thought some people seemed ok with the hotel and other people really unhappy I realised why that was when we arrived this is basically 2 hotels if you are lucky enough to get a room on floor 3 to 5 your ok as these have all been renovated and they have just not bothered to renovate 1 and 2 floors and thay class these rooms as standard sub standard more like grim dark corridors filthy walls and carpets tiny rooms broken window panes sellotaped together cracked tiles horrible mouldy grout on the tiles could not move the room was so small the room floor was that bad I honestly thought we were going to go right through it creaked so bad was so off that our door was about 4 inches off at one side they tried to cover this by putting…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or70-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location pity about the hotel!,"Room was very small as was the ensuite bathroom. Very hot as no AC, poor customer service on arrival and one lift out of order. Working lift very old and slow. Flush button on toilet broken, smoke detector covered with shower cap -perhaps previous occupants were smoking in the room? Breakfast was so disorganised, the member of staff ticking off guests names obviously had no interest in his job. Had to ask for cups for tea, cutlery, for table to be wiped, one coffee machine out of order. Everything at breakfast was very salty, mushrooms and eggs cold just generally felt unclean and chaotic.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or70-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value For Those on Budget,We stayed there for 1 night so we didn’t expect too much but the rooms were newly refurbished and clean. Night staff were very welcoming and very helpful. They helped us with our luggage. We saw bad reviews but our stay was really nice. ,Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or70-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Value, Tiny rooms","We stayed 3 nights at the hotel. Room service is through a third party provider.  Breakfast buffet was adequate with the same selection every day. We had quite the journey to our room on the third level. Staffed offered no help with bags and we had to navigate through tiny hallways with multiple steps and doors, not the easiest with large luggage. The rooms are tiny, we had to store bags in the bathroom just so we could get around the room. Location is fantastic and close to the hop/on hop/off tours and train stations. Overall a good budget bed to sleep in while you travel. Do not recommend for extended stays.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or75-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I was hesitant, reading the worst reviews here; but I was in a rush to book (I waited too long & prices were rising throughout London & selling out for end of June.  I was familiar with this area of London already, so that was one reason I chose this hotel.  The other reason was it was considerably lower-priced & still within my budget.  The A/C came in handy, as there were very hot days with no breeze through the small window.  The room was very small, but typical for London & big enough for just myself.  Staff were nice.  At first I was confused why the electricity wasn't working, but they sent a maintenance man up to my room to check things & explain; within minutes.  (You have to put your key into a slot to activate electric.  :) Only one outlet for my room, but I managed. …",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or75-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",good for those on a budget,"You get what you pay for but this hotel is perfect if you just need a bed and a shower.  Good for those on a budget, city central easily accessed by foot or underground. Nice quiet area on a weeknight and a few restaurants around for nearby dinner. The room and bathroom could be updated and cleaner but it wasn’t too bad. Staff were friendly and check in/out was easy. We had aircon in our room which was good, and definitely needed. Overall, pretty basic but if you want a cheap place to stay it’s ideal. Also, just a tip - there’s a newer elevator and older one. You’ll soon work out which to use!",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or75-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",no zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz,"if you value a reasonable place to sleep after a long day of doing your tourist activities then you best avoid this hotel.  it is very noisy from inside the hotel and noisy from outside until the early hours.  and god help you if you approach management to try to help you in any way, it wont happen.  however, you have a respectable breakfast to look forward to",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or75-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Liveable but only just....,"Front double bed rooms looked okay, but we got a rear room....  PROS Clean in a nice area Walk to 2 Tube stations good breakfast Working lift  CONS Tiniest room that could just hold a double bed, only one side table could fit in Not enough room to open our 2 bags  No desk No chair No bag stand No refrigerator  No air conditioner  Fan provided was busted and noisy Tiny shower Nowhere in shower to hold soap, etc Slippery shower - anti slip mat provided  Suggest that you book elsewhere just in case you get a rear room.   ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or75-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Pretty normal for London hotel rooms, could use updating but clean.",Very convenient location at Kensington Park. Lots to do and see in area. No air conditioning in hotel. Plenty of rooms nearby for same price point. Close to subway stations and bus routes. Would stay again.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or80-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Average stay, good nights sleep","Stayed here for three nights. Average stay, however good for London. Double bed and shower. Good breakfast. Luggage room to store luggage prior to check in or post check out. We had super helpful front of house service when we arrived. Good place to stay close to Hyde Park, close to Kensington Palace and Central Line Tube Station (Queensway). 20min walk to Buckingham Palace. Rooms are very average however if just using a place to sleep and shower it’s good. Vending machine in foyer. Good stay.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or80-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Splendid stay for one night!,"Agoda.com had canceled our two nights so the first night we had to stay at Bayswater Inn. Can't recommend it! Corinna at the reception was so friendly upon our arrival and booked us into a triple room 23-24th May. Great room, spacious, clean, great lightening, fresh and a nice shower. The location was great as it's only a 5-10 minute walk to Hyde Park and you can use either Queensway or Bayswater tube stations. My daughter and I enjoyed our stay and highly recommend this lovely hotel. A special Thank You to Corinna at the reception.  Hugs Robinah and Olivyah",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or80-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, this is an awful hotel ","Start with the positives, breakfast was ok, right that’s that done.if you get offered a room on the 5th floor and it’s room 25 reject it.  The hotel is in a building The was built in the 1800’s and this reflected that, dirty hallway carpet, cracked walls, dirty room with holes in net curtains and bathroom door handle held in with plaster, pillows with stains on them and a very small double bed. staff were helpful and looked fed up if I’m honest as probably deal with complaints hourly.  You can get better for your money  ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or80-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overall poor standard,"First room i was given was just awful, hard wooden floor, bed was a very thin mattress on a metal frame which was very uncomfortable to even sit on, bathroom was tiny and the room hadn't been cleaned properly - it was very dusty and there were lots of marks on the floor. The second room was better, it was furnished nicely (but was very small) and the bathroom was small but was reasonable. The main problem with this room was it was so hot, we had the window open the entire time and had the "" air-conditioning "" on but it was so hot it was almost unbearable. The staff were alright, but not the most welcoming and honestly seemed a little fed up. I stay in a lot of hotels, and although this wasn't my worst experience ever, you can get a much better room for the money.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or80-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a 3 star,"We are staying here for 2 nights, as we have been invited to a Garden Party. Only received our invite late hence not a great deal of choice if you don't want to pay too much for you London stay. Booked a superior double Room, first room was tiny and felt like a prison cell, hence went to reception to ask for a different Room, was shown 2 alternatives which one was larger and had more light. Able to sleep with open window which is a bonus for us and breakfast was good, buffet with a good got and cold selection. You get what you pay for, location is central and easy to get to. Staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or85-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A basic hotel,"The hotel was adequate with staff who are pleasant,bedroom was comfy and the buffet breakfast was quite good.Having said that there is no bar or lounge to relax in during the evening if you want to unwind after a day of sightseeing.Pity because this hotel deserves a better rating.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or85-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Travelodge is 5* compared to the Queens Park Hotel!,"we thought we'd book a small hotel in London rather than go for a branded hotel such as Travelodge or Premier Inn.  I have to say, please pay the money for one of those hotels rather than trying to save your self some money and stay at the Queens Park.  The hotel, is nice on the facade, but once you get in not so good. It's tired and run down.  The carpets where dirty and beds were ok.  We had to walk around the room with shoes on, because you would not want to walk bare foot or even with socks on.  The fact that we were using the hotel simply for a quick night in London, meant that I didn't go and check in to another hotel.    The staff at Reception where rude, seemed disinterested in wanting to provide any level of welcome or customer service.   The breakfast was ok, nothin…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or85-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen’s Park hotel (danger),"Booked this hotel because it stated I could have a early breakfast due to me doing London Marathon, got there they said I was lying and to go away. I subsequently paid for a breakfast in a neighbouring hotel.  Got to room and only gave us a double when we booked a family room and refused to move us, carpet grips visible round the room so our 1 year old confined to travel cot for 2 days whilst in room.  No plugs in sink or bath and when asked for one was told there wasn’t any in the hotel and refused to go and try find one and asked to leave reception, again I wended up going to buy a plug.  All in all I think the hotel only give good customer service to the non-English as I saw on numerous times excellent service to them.  Steer clear of this one, spend that little bit extra for…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or85-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the £45 a night,"Reality check people! It’s about £180 for a night in a hotel in London —a nice hotel in a nice neighbourhood. This hotel is in a great location  but rooms are small and Spartan and there’s no real luxury. So what? It’s £45 a night for a person including a reasonably yummy breakfast. I felt staff were polite over the phone and in person, everything was clean and perfectly fine for the price. If you want luxury pay more! ",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or85-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weird extra charges,"Booked a room from Queens Park Hotel, but due to changes in my trip I had to cancel my booking. Since I booked the room through travel agency, I was able to cancel it for free. Then I noticed that Queens Park Hotel had still charged my credit card three times, altogether around 400 euros, without any explanations. I contacted them immediately, they answered me a week later asking details of payments. I sent them the information, but received no answer. The travel agency also contacted them but the hotel seemed unwilling to help. I don't believe I am getting my money back from the hotel. Still glad I did not have to spend my trip in that hotel, based on the previous comments.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or90-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"Very close to Queensway (Central Line - RED) and Bayswater (District-Green and Circle-Yellow lines) tube stations. Also, see my review about LA BRASSERIE ITALIANO. The staff was working hard and courteous, although the front desk staff NEVER say hi when you arrive from the street and when you walk out. This is not a British thing since in other hotels they do it. The room was clean, but it seemed that they just make the beds and change the towels and do not broom/vacuum it. The breakfast is good, sometimes crowded, but it is just a sign that it is good. Food is fresh and tasty, has a good coffee machine. My room was a basement room (i did not know such rooms existed) and had no windows (Obviously) other than that it was PERFECT.  Excellent places to eat close by: Nandos (grilled…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or90-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",good,"the bed/faciltites are new, has full english breakfast, the price is not bad. handy device is free to borrow, the wifi is free and very fast. there is 3 lifts and they all work. in central London and has safe deposit box in every room",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or90-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE,"By far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.   Staff are inattentive and not interested in any complaints. Stayed for two nights, and were told we would need to move rooms after the first night. First room was in the basement located at the far most edge of the hotel. Room was next to rotting doors and the cleaners storage room.   The next day the staff told us to leave our bags in the room and they would be moved for us during the day to our next room. Upon arriving back to hotel after dinner, the reception desk had just checked someone else into the room where our bags were already waiting for us (literally the couple in front of us). Staff did not once apologize for the inconvenience or their mistake, and offered to put us in two separate rooms, which was unacceptable as I…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or90-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,horror after horror. Paying approximately £100 per night and is extremely overpriced. This hotel is revolting both rooms and customer service. Absolutely and utterly disgusting. Very unprofessional and unorganised. We stayed here for 2 nights. On the first night we checked in and they told us our room was booked so they put us in a “replacement room”. Located in a basement having to pass 4 emergency exit doors to get there. Our room was right near the housekeeping staffs sleeping quarters. The room we were placed in was directly adjacent to an alley way which during the night multiple times we were disrupted by a group of drunk people. Laughing yelling and screaming at eachother till about 4am. The hairdryer didn’t work. Multiple power outlets didn’t work. The wifi didn’t work.…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or90-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Family trip to london,"Stayed here last night. We are a family of 4 adults and booked the quad room consisting of 1 double bed & 2 singles. Price was fair and included breakfast. First impression was ok. A few touches are needed to the front but looked presentable. Reception staff are definitely not the friendliest and it would have been nice to receive a smile on entering! Room was located in the basement. On entering the tiniest lift the button was stuck on number 5 and would not go down to the level but eventually by keeping the basement button pressed down it got there. Nearly had a fall though as when I exited the lift the carpet was not fitted and tripped me up. The room was very basic and dingy looking. A tiny TV, a rickerty double bed, bed linen stained & thin, 1 pillow, threadbare carpet & a…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or95-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not for business travel,"Stayed at the hotel 2 nights for a business trip to London, it had been booked late and found a very reasonable rate for a single room for the 2 nights. When I arrived was asked to fill out a form but strangely had to add my driving licence number which I haven't had to do at any other hotel in London.  Got to the room which as a single room was a good size and space, the downside was it was in the basement so meant that at night time you could hear the underground passing beneath. This also affected the wifi which was inaccessible from the basement, when needing to iron you go to reception and have to hope that they have one available - they did for the first day but not for the second, shower head wouldnt stay in place and was slightly cramped. Whilst was easy enough for a…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or95-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",4 nights stay ,We have stayed here several times because we love the bayswater area and the convenience of the location. Last time we stayed it was not the best experience due to poorly planned work going on in the hotel. We were located on the first floor in a twin room as no doubles were available when we booked. This wasnt a big issue and we could have pushed beds together if needed but probably ended up disappearing down the middle as the beds were on wheels. Room was ok nothing flash but perfectly adequate. Safe didn't work. Shower was ok a bit of a struggle as I'm 6ft tall and there are no shelves or holders for shampoo ect which is awkward. Breakfast was ok with plenty of choice both cooked and cold. Staff are not the most communicative and do come across a bit disinterested at times.…,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or95-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!!!!,"The hotel is absolutely disgusting - that’s the easiest way to put it.   The rooms: they are tiny, dated and dirty. You cannot swing a cat in the room it’s that small, which baffles me even more at how incompetent the cleaners are if they can’t even clean a small room. The safe didn’t work, the TV didn’t work and the room keys didn’t even work. We had to go back to reception every time we wanted in the room and ask for a new key - sometimes twice and then even that wouldn’t work. Reception staff had to come and open the door manually for us.   The management & staff: RUDE, they do not care about their customers and clearly hate their job. They are not willing to help out in any way and just tell you to send an email to the management when you have an issue. The manager at the…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or95-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",My stay,"Stayed for 1 night with my son. Not a bad hotel, check in and check out was quick with no trouble, it was clean, rooms where at a better standard than I thought, quite modern. Only bad things I have to say is that the staff when getting breakfast weren’t very helpful and I got the feeling they didn’t want to help either lol. Only around 5 minute walk to the nearest underground tube. But if I came back to London around this area I would stay again.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or95-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Choose other hotel! This hotel destroyed my London experience,"We were having a late check in which I am announce ahead (even they have 24h reception). When we arrived nobody was available. Computers on, private information expose, baggage secure room with suitcases open. We were calling, making noises to create attention. After one and half hour we wanted to leave because was almost 2a.m. and we were tired. Receptionist appeared without excuse and no interest to be polite. When I started to complain he even used inappropriate language. He told me I can complain to the hotel manager next morning. Manager was all my stay at the hotel gone so I wrote him long email with my bad experience. Until now I do not have any answer!!! Shame on this behaving to guests!!!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, trying hard","Nice hotel trying to improve all the time. Good breakfast, check if included in the price. 5 minutes from tube, main shops and restaurants. Walk to the park is even closer. Some areas of the hotel are very good and modern, some need a makeover, so a bit hit and miss as to what your accommodation turns out like. Staff very friendly and work hard to make sure your stay is ok.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cleared all doubts,"Well, I've always never believed in experiencing a much better comfort than that of my home. My friends proved me wrong when I visited this hostel late last year, and it changed my perspective entirely.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Recent visit,"Excellent hotel, first visit hopefully not my last, spotlessly clean and efficiently run. Great breakfast, plenty of choices. This hotel is very well situated , good bus services, so near to the beautiful Hyde park.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London Visit,"Breakfast good however we paid for bed and breakfast two nights only open from 7am in morning so couldn’t have it second day as we left earlier this is not advertised when booking.  Room was a triple single beds only extremely small only room to put bags in front of bed husband and I had to sleep in seperate beds.  Bathroom no towel rails no bench to put makeup or anything on in bathroom There was no remote for the air conditioner and when asked at reception they came turned it on and set it to 22 degrees and then took remote as they said people steal them, also the radiator had no nob and was turned off requires  a wrench to turn on.  We were extremely jet lagged with 9year old son and went to bed early only to be woken up by a very rowdy meeting held in next room by the motels…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Negative experience over all....,"Extremely poor service/ Dirty bed sheets/ 2 safes in the room and none actually working / Wifi not working all throughout our 5 night stay/ The manager was incompetent always had an answer to everything and solutions to nothing....Always had great excuses regarding Wifi/ His reply was, ""oh look its working on my phone"" !!!! Even his staff were fed up with his attitude and lack of management and customer service skills....The owners should definitely consider recruiting a better manager. It would positively change matters at this facility....Was there early this week....Never again would I consider this establishment...what a pity considering it does have a lot of potential !",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"A friend and I visited that hotel this weekend. When we arrived Friday night in the hotel, they told us that our room was flooded and we needed to sleep one night in one of their sisterhotels. First of all, we were very disappointed to hear this late at night and that we didn't receive a message in advance.   As we arrived in their sisterhotel we had to carry our bags up four floors by ourself, because there wasn't an elevator or someone helping us. The room wasn't what we booked. The carpet was dirty and stained, there was only one blanket for the two of us and the bed was not clean at all so we were very happy to check out in the morning after just one night!  As we were doing this, the woman at the reception told us we're supposed to stay both nights here. I told here that…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is situated in the perfect location for travelling around London, a 2 minute walk from the hotel is Queensway tube station & a further minute or 2 away is Bayswater. Both on different lines giving you immediate access to anywhere you want to go. The hotel isn’t of a high standard, but does the job. the room we were given was located underneath the kitchen so when breakfast started at 7am there was a lot of chairs banging around & people chattering, also located right next to be what seems a cupboard for staff to store their belongings.. with the door banging each & everytime someone went in. The breakfast was ok, a selection of hot & cold food but not a huge selection. The staff were very friendly at the hotel & we were able to leave our bags in a luggage room while…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t believe everything you read!!,"I have just returned from a one night stay in London. I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel. I read MANY reviews of the hotel before I went....there were a few good ones, a lot of bad ones and many many awful ones so I was dreading what I was going to find!! However...... this hotel was lovely!! Many complaints of the staff being rude...nope not when I was there!!!! Very friendly and helpful.  The room we stayed in had obviously been recently done up as it smelt freshly decorated but not over-powering. It was clean with 2 very comfortable beds. There were tea and coffee making facilities! The bathroom was clean and the shower was lovely and hot!! The radiator in the room was not on however the room was a lovely temperature.  If you really want me to say something negative there…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A budget place worth considering,"For the pice of less than 70 euro including reasonable breakfast and the not-so-bad location, you should take this place into consideration. Do not expect any free space in the room, though! Nice food, drinks and coffee scene one street to the west.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small room but great location,The room was extremely small and the bathroom was a very tight squeeze. The breakfast was ok but not brilliant it was basic but would get you going for the day . Location was excellent very central and near two tube stations and right across from Kensington gardens .,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE! POOR QUALITY HOTEL,"Writing this as I am in the room. Upon being given my key, I went to locate my room only to find I had to pass through a dark dingy run down narrow corridor. Then having to go through another door, I faced with the back of the hotel with horrible stairs leading up to goodness where. I went immediately to reception to say that I would not be climbing the stairs as I have a health issue. I was given another room with a double bed. The room floor is totally uneven when you enter the room, so much so that there is a large gap under the door. The curtains in the room are ill fitting and cannot close, I had to close them with a hair grip to get any sort of privacy. The bed is a cheap nasty thin mattress, and I had to ask for something to be done in order for any kind of comfort on the…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,Stayed for one night and have no complaints whatsoever. Perfect location. Helpful staff. Good sized room (6) for a single and a very comfy bed. I would definitely return on my next visit to London. Thank You,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","I wish I had another room, perhaps hotel?","Positives: The location was excellent, welcoming nicely refurbished lobby - wish I could say the same about the receptionist, one in particular. It was very helpful that they kept our luggage in storage for an extended period of time after check-out (1GBP per bag). The temperature of the room was comfortable.  Negatives: The very narrow and dirty hallways that lead to the room we had; in addition to the sudden step-ups as you turned through this maze from the elevator to the room with suitcases no less. This was quite shabby. The packets of soaps and shampoo provided cannot even be opened with wet slippery fingers. These are senseless! My husband had to step out of the shower and call for me to give him some of my liquid shower gel which I've learned to travel with in the event…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small,"The room was clean, modern and had good bright lights but was the smallest hotel room we have ever had. We had to get up so that we could use the bed to open the case. There were only a few inches around the bed. There was just enough room for us to turn around in the en suite but if we were of big build or pregnant we could have had problems. The walls were very thin and we could hear someone in the next room snoring. Due to the numbering of the rooms we wondered if they had split the original rooms into two. Breakfast was basic but we had plenty to eat. We survived for 2 nights although wouldn't rush back. It was close to the tube station which was very good.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",small room but had everything we needed,"friendly and helpful staff, good breakfast,clean, very close to tube, just across the road from Hyde park, at an extremely cheap price. what more did we want as we were out all day and in the evenings.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn’t stay here if someone paid me to!,"Booked through a travel agent but went through the hotel website to see what it was like. I knew it was 3 star, seemed basic but clean and friendly from the photos and description. Was only to sleep at night so I wasn’t fussed..... well it was horrendous.  I arrived they spent about 20 mins trying to find my booking, they then directed us to our room (3 flights of stairs- only a lift for the other side of the hotel) the room was tiny, radiator blasting (no knob to turn it off), wardrobe has screws sticking out of it, the cream walls were battered and stained, the window didn’t lock and was cracked with a bit of tape over it.... the list goes on and on. Was horrible the mattress was the worst. Nearly broke my spine sitting on the bed and the springs were sticking up through. When…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation,Location was good.  Room small and lacked storage place.  Bathroom updated but lacked facilities. Good breakfast.  Staff did help when they could.  Wifi lacked in some rooms hence we changed room twice. I would go back but only if some changes were done.,Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would not stay again.,My partner and I booked the standard double room which at first sight wasn’t too bad although quite small.  Upon further inspection the bed was very uncomfortable like a springy air mattress and the floorboards were very squeaky so you could hear anyone moving in the room next to you or in the hallway. The walls were paper thin so all the noise that was made you could easily hear.   The window had a big crack in it that was half covered by duct tape and the shower was almost pointing directly ahead which meant no water coverage for the rest of your body.  The only upside hotel was the convenience of a nearby tube stop.  I would never stay at this hotel again. ,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"You pay for what you get with this one. Location was perfect, however our room was tiny and damaged. Breakfast was average and the reception room had a smell every time we walked through. Would only recommend for a short stay ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overall this hotel is good but reception staff let it down,"The location of this hotel was perfect for the price, just around the corner is Queensway station. Its in quite an expensive area but again its down to location. The room was small but clean and comfortable. Shower was lovely the first morning but the second morning it was cold. I rang to reception and they said maintenance would be up to look, he was there almost straight away but couldn't fix the problem there and then, we were rushing so we left before he came back. We didn't eat here as breakfast wasn't included in the rate.  The welcome by the receptionist was cold and she was unhelpful, said hello to staff behind reception desk when we came back in the evenings but got no response, on check out we weren't asked how the stay was or wished a safe journey or goodbye or…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not a very good hotel save your money ,This has got to be one of the worst hotels I’ve ever stayed in myself and the wife stayed hear for two nights and we found the staff to be very rude and very Unhelpful. we wear not made to feel welcomed. The room was so small you could not even swing a cat we had no housekeeping for the whole weekend. the heating in the room which was a radiator under the window did not work A small electric fan heater was in the room which barely give off any heat itself there was a cigarette burn or some sort of burn in the centre of the lace curtain roughly 3 inches round. We also found the breakfast was on edible baking was like a lump of leather the scrambled egg was freezing cold and jellified the sausages was like cardboard and still white tin tomatoes and mushrooms which was full of…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Very central, ok for a short stay.","We stayed 1 night, the rooms were very small, it was comfortable and included breakfast which was quite good.  It was across the road from the Park, walking distance from Kensington Palace, also close to the Hop on Hop off bus stop and the subway station.  We used the Hop on Hop off bus on both days, leaving our luggage in a storage area at the hotel for a small fee. We probably would not use this hotel again, 1 night it was ok, but for a longer stay we would prefer to try somewhere else.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Top Location but poor room standard,The hotel is perfect located just about 200 meters from Queensway subway station. Very close to the park. Direct buses to Piccadily.  The room standard is really poor. Had better rooms for less money. Guess we had a very old room near elevator. Windows could not be opened. For stay just for sleep ok but do not expect more.  The breakfast is ok but nothing special.,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t bother,"Very small room, quite expensive.  Found a condom wrapper in my room half way through my stay. They didn’t clean the room very well even after I let them know. Wifi drops out. Beds are uncomfortable. Breakfast is okay with eggs and bacon etc. don’t waste your money here.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",One to avoid,"This hotel is in an amazing position.. close to parks, transport and big ticket tourist attractions.. unfortnately the killer for us was the lack of even half decent customer service.. basically the staff have no idea about how to make guests feel welcome - we were there for 10 days and it was difficult to raise a smile let alone get eye contact from any of them..they were rude, unfriendly and abrupt. Management need to read and heed the posts here - most, like mine convey a negative view of their establishment!  There will be no return trip to this hotel for me, i won't recommend it to friends, but i will let the company i booked through know how very unwelcoming the staff were.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Located, Staff is not very pleasant/helpful","We stayed there for 5 nights. Good points:  Hotel location is very good just couple of minutes away from 2 tube stations (Central & District/Circle lines). We stayed in the renovated 5th floor and the room was nice & clean with very good heating system. Breakfast is fair and OK. It was OK for what we looked for mainly due to the good location. To improve:  Hotel staff are not very friendly & helpful. I assume they know the job but doing it with a smile would make it much more pleasant. The room's safe deposit box was broken, we requested to fix/replace it twice but nothing was done and no one updated us about it (like the request was forgotten). Walls are made out of paper so noise from other rooms is likely to be heard (our room neighbor next door snored strongly and it felt…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid do not book ,"My husband booked this hotel for my 40th surprise and when we arrived they made us feel very unwelcoming the lady asked me for my driving licence not one smile and stood with her arms folded while I wrote my details out I felt very pressurised to hurry up like it was a problem . Then when going to the room the carpets were quite stained . Opening the door and walking in my first impression was who lives here ? The borrowers lol very small and I darent throw my bag in case it bounced back at me , the bathroom was tiny and if yr a big person forget the shower there is no room to bend down and no shelf to put things on . When going to bed I had to slide down the side sideways as to narrow to walk into bed , bed was hard and uncomfortable. The only thing I can say that was nice was…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,This was not what we expected at all. The staff were quite abrupt except for the concierge guy who was lovely. We booked a family room which happened to be in the basement area and believe me that is exactly where we were. The room was old and a little strange to be honest. It was very small with no room for anything the double bed and 2 single beds were practically joined together. The bathroom was very musty and small. For the money we paid we expected much better.,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the price,"Booked couple of days before the visit- grate price for the area.  Easy to find, close to the Hyde Park. Quiet area, but close to different attractions.   Room - small, nicely decorated. Bright and clean. Bathroom - small, but tidy and nicely decorated as well.  Check in - no issues, lady who checked us in was not overly pleasant however during check out the staff was amazing, very friendly. Nice breakfast in the morning.  ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever,This is One of the lousiest hotels I have ever stayed in. The room was basically a closet with no frills at all - and it was not even cheap. Heater was full on and could not be adjusted Do not stay at this hotel!!,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Freezing Cold Shower,"My husband and me recently stayed here as we commute to London and sometimes need a break from that.  The rooms have recently been done, so although compact they were clean.  However the first problem was a loud noice in the night, which woke us both up and we assume was the heating system. But something that really wasn’t acceptable was there was no hot water, whatsoever so we ended up having, not just a cold, but a freezing cold shower.  On the way out we complained at reception and took a card to email to see if we could have another stay discounted - as a warm shower is a fundamental park of a hotel stay. We emailed a few times and they didn’t get back to us.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Pell, concierge.","Se had been there for 4 days and the hotel is so comfortable and Pell, the concierge is the best person i met everywhere he ido funny, he gave us a good stance, and we had a issue with the car Who was carrying us to the airport and he helped us to get It without problems.  Very helpful and good people. 😁",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected given some reviews. Good as a base,"I did not read the reviews for this hotel until I returned home. Cannot believe some are talking about the hotel I visited.   Never going to be a 5* hotel but, for a short stay and somewhere to get your head down, it is spot on. Sits just off the Bayswater Road near to two tube stations, both within 5 min walk  Booked using booking.com and the deal for two nights included breakfast.  No problems on check in and we were directed to our room on the 4th floor (room 402) Corridors are narrow but clearly newly decorated and carpeted. Likewise the room. Newly decorated and carpeted. Bathroom en suite and newly refurbished. Room very clean and included tea making facilities and hairdryer. A nice touch was the use of a smartphone to help find your way around London.  Breakfast was ok…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",very poor interior design,"I expected a small room, and having booked through hotwire, I knew that I was getting the room the hotel couldn't otherwise sell.  But, looking through the pictures and other things, I conclude that the whole place is poorly designed.  Small space does not have to equally poorly designed.  I've stayed in some really well designed spaces, but this was not one of them.  I travel for IT-related work, what time I spend in my room I'm sleeping, showering, or working on a laptop.  I need the temperature right to sleep.  The rooms have no thermostats, and the windows do not open.  I found no spare blankets. I was too hot when I arrived, and of course, in the middle of the night, too cold. The bathroom was not thought through.  You can't get in/out of the shower unless the bathroom door…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just ok ,The rooms are basic but clean and functional. The reception staff were very abrupt however the concierge was very polite and helpful. The hotel is in a good position as a base to visit London. The room charge wasn’t cheap and the breakfast was extra and they even charge to for the baggage room.I felt it wasn’t good value and wouldn’t stay again . ,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DONT VISIT,"We arrived at the hotel today,staff were rude and  not helpful. our room wasn't ready at the check in time. When walking to our room the carpets were ripped,stains all down the walls radiator covered with dust. A terrible experience,will not return.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Short break ,"Having stayed at the hotel for 2 nights its location is good aa its near 2 underground stations. The hotel itself was a simple check in staff were ok and helpful. The room was quite small there was a strong smell of paint so assumed it was recently decorated, there was room service advertised but no menu, the bathroom was tiny not ideal, one major thing in the room was lack of sockets by the bed and no light switch so had to get out of bed to charge phone or turn lights off. The breakfast was ok £7.50 a day same food each day. Charge  of £1 to save luggage. The hotel was ok for 2 nights but probably wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel do not stay here!!!,"Wow I'm honestly not sure where to start... Ok so first of all i booked a room for 1 night with 2 twin beds, when i arrived to the hotel the staff gave me a room on the first floor basically near a back fire exit which i didn't care about, once we got into the room we immediately noticed the the room had 3 twin beds in the room which wasn't what we wanted but we didn't really care that much, afterwards i attempted to charge my phone and only one power outlet worked in the entire room (mind you there were only 3 power outlets in the entire room to use and one of them wasn't for guest use originally i had to take out the plug for the tea maker and that still didn't work) the safe didn't work and the tv barely worked and at that point i went to the front desk and asked for a…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"We stayed as part of a Superbreak and would never stay here again. Lengthy delay on arrival as 2 room booking was logged as 1. Other guests arriving at the same time had similar issues suggesting organisation issues. Narrow corridors with undulating floors and worn carpets lead to a room with dirty walls, filthy skirting boards and radiators containing many layers of dust. So cold the first night, used top covers to make a sleeping bag. Staff said maintenance would look at heating but still same next night and then I took off the sheets to add to my cocoon and discovered horrible stains on the mattress cover, yuk ! My friend was given a spare sheet and an old blanket for her room. Bathroom appeared clean, though floor tiles were broken and the shower was a slow drip. Breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay and pleasant staff,"We got off to a disappointing start, when we were led to the back end of the hotel and we were very disappointed with the standard of the room, with stains on the walls and tables and cupboard doors hanging off it’s safe to say this room need some serious TLC before guests get put in it! Although when I went and spoke to reception they were very helpful and gave us a different room which was much better, for what we paid it was fine! Clean small with twin beds and a nice bathroom, had a small issue with the water coming on and off but I’m sure that’s getting fixed. The reception staff were very helpful and welcoming throughout our stay which made up for the outdated and scruffy parts of the hotel. The location is very good near tube stations and Hyde Park. Breakfast is average…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little hotel!,"We had a twin bed room, as we were only staying one night we took the chance even after reading all the reviews! The location was excellent, next to a nice little high street and right by Bayswater Station. Checking in was nice and simple, we stored our bags there while we went off for food ready to check in at 2pm. The corridors and halls were really cramped and could do with a little updating, but it had the feeling of a quaint old London hotel! It did feel welcoming. Our room was a nice size! Beds were nice, the heating was definitely nice. The TV worked, and the bathroom was lovely! The shower had nice pressure too. Honestly, I’ll probably be booking here again in March when we go up! Staff were lovely too, and helped us with directions and booking taxis as we have no sense…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing,"Difficult to score this hotel because the location is good within easy reach of 2 tube stations and plenty of pubs and eating places close by, but the room was very small, badly needed decorating with terrible scuff marks on the walls but the thing that topped it was the bathroom door had actually been nailed together, basically it was falling apart. The bathroom though was very clean and a decent size but the buffet breakfast was average at best so if you intend booking do your research 1st I won,t go back unfortunately",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Teeny tiny rooms!,This place defined tiny! I could hardly move around in the room let alone open my luggage! Staff is nice. Same breakfast EVERY day! Very convenient location. Near to 2 underground station and big bus tour stop!,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"If you need only place to sleep, then this could be for you. Room was old, stinky and low clas. Breakfast were like toas + yougurt level. Positive were underground near by and safety neighborhood. Also staff were kind",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good,Stayed in 503a room. Was a lovely little room.it was clean.staff friendly.close to everything.great location.new bathroom.would stay again.shops around the corner and so is the station.easy to get around.perfect stay,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,Stayed here for a day.staff was friendly.room though small was clean and comfy.fully carpeted and worth the price you pay considering the location.buffet breakfast was excellent with good selection.Enjoyed stay and will recommend.other reviews did not give justice....,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay with family,We had 2 rooms on the 4th floor. Both were newly refurbished to a high standard. Although small they were very adequate and met our needs. Breakfast was plain but sufficient and location is excellent for tourist visits. Would stay there again!,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The rooms are small the showers smaller!,"I stayed several nights in this Hotel, though I had to ask for a room change, both were very small. One single bed pushed against the wall and radiator, the other single bed right next to it with no bedside table between them and it was in the way of the shower and toilet. Air conditioning in the second room but again no room to move had to use my suitcase as a bed side table for my cpap machine! The shows in both rooms were small, the second shower was that small I couldnt fit through the doors! I know I am large but I am not that big, how some of the larger residents faired I cant imagine. Towels were changed daily upon request,but sheets werent changed once. The breakfast was typical self service, though despite food tongs being in view residents were just grabbing the bread…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place ,Stayed here for a gig at the O2 (only 25 minutes on the tube). Clean and tidy. Staff friendly and helpful. Standard fare for the hot buffet breakfast. Would stay again. Tube station less than 5 minutes walk away. ,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Best Value and Location!,"I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for 9 nights this past month.  The hotel was very clean, quiet, and in a good location.  I found the staff very helpful and the breakfast a solid start for the day of touring.  Highly recommend especially for single travelers as they have single rooms.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No Complaints,Room on the 5th Floor although slightly on the small size was very clean and had sufficient space to storage our luggage and hang our clothes. Shower was large in size with the bathroom area being large enough for two people to carry out their requirements at the same time. Breakfast was a variety of cooked or continental and we were able to eat as soon as we arrived at the Breakfast area as opposed to having to wait to be seated as we have experienced at other Hotels in the same locality to this one. The location of the Hotel cannot be faulted as within two minutes you are strolling around Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens and the nearest Underground Station is a mere 3-4 minutes walk away.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Miss,Stayed there in Sep of this year never again. Cleaning person helped themselves to 12 Canadian lighters I brought over for friends. They had to of gone through my suitcase to find them. I forgot to lock it up not that I should have to. So if you stay there lock up your suitcase.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Only for dleeping,"Great if you are doing the tourist thing and walking around all day and just need a bed Room only for sleeping not for moving around in  Bathroom clean. Sheets clean  Breakfast plentiful scrambled eggs, boiled eggs , bacon ,baked beans , fruit salad, yoghurt, cereal, breads, croissant Kitchen Staff work very hard so the stars are for them. Cleaners do a good job considering the place needs total refurbishment. Hallways are very run down ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Must Book if you want a bad and horrible holiday,"It was horrible and madness. Had paid in full for 3 nights. Room was released cos I was late ( Do note that I had called 3 times to informed, dropped emails as well to notify with replies received) Upon reaching at 12 midnight, was left stranded with no options. Hotel staff gave me a - Too bad dude - kinda response.  So to all who are considering this hotel, do so if you are planning to suffer or just wants to buy a gift for someone you HATE. Trust me, you will love it.  Room was in basement, old dirty and pretty bad. To be fair, location was good. Near to eateries and train.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Other reviews say what you want but we disagree,"We stayed in a totally adequate room for the price we payed, in a central part of London with easy access via the tube, bus or by walking in Hyde Park. You get what you pay for, but we had a clean bathroom, comfy bed and terrace room as well as a furnace to keep us warm. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Unfortunately, although this place looks cute and character-filled from the outside, it is anything but. Upon checking in, we were given a room that you could not swing a cat in and they had managed to cram 3 beds into it. The shower was hanging off the wall, there were ants crawling all over the bathroom floor, you could not shut the window in the bedroom, despite there being a sign on the wall saying that patrons were responsible for their belongings and the hotel would accept no responsibility for theft. The lift would only accommodate one person and one suitcase at a time. There was no staircase access from the basement as they were redecorating and had it blocked off. We asked to be moved to another room, which they did obligingly, but the only difference with this one…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel ,"Kudos to the photographer who they hired to take the photos for their rooms because they certainly do not reflect reality. The walls were filthy and needed to be cleaned, the beds were terrible and our linens were stained. When these complaints were brought to the manager he was rude and dismissive. Terrible overall. ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Me and my friend had a lovely time at this hotel. We stayed for two nights and it was good for the price we paid. It is close to 2 underground station. The rooms are ok, this was our 2 time at the hotel, and the room this time wasn't as good as the first time. But the bathroom was big, that was good. I would recommend this hotel if you are just staying her for a weekend, maybe not the best for a long trip to London.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",went here midweek with my daughter,room was a shoebox .....next to reception needed a repaint .woke up every morning by he builders .very cold .breakfast 7 50..was rotten ....overcooked and dry...tv diddnt work informed staff and said they cant help..wont dream of going back there ...,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and underwhelmed,"Business trip for one night.   The room was compact, but smart. Wasn't impressed with a toenail clipping on the floor, but I let that one slide.   Popped out for a bite to eat and got back at just after 10. Asked for an iron and ironing board for my shirt for the next morning. 'You can't have it after 10pm' was the response. What they thought I was going to do with it... They told me to call down in the morning and they would bring it to me. I did. They said it had been given to someone last night, they didn't make of note of who, and it hadn't come back. They would try and locate it and call me back. They didn't. I called half an hour later. You'll need to collect it from reception. Wearing unironed shirt... reception gave me an iron, but had no board. What am I supposed to do…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice neighborhood!,"We had a lovely time at this hotel! We did only use it for two nights and just to shower and sleep after two long days of walking around London but there's not really anything negative to say about it. Our room was clean with high ceilings, a big window overlooking the street, a very small TV, a ""kitchen"" built in a closet (unfortunately we couldn't figure out how to turn on the electricity in there so we couldn't use the fridge), a kettle and some tea and milk, three pairs of towels (large and small), some toiletries (shower caps, shampoo & conditioner, shower gel), two rolls of toilet paper etc. Maybe some people would be bothered by the fact that you have to walk through small corridors to get to your room and that some rooms are very close together and you can hear if there…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t let the bed bugs bite,"The worst hotel that I have ever stayed in! If Trip Advisor allowed a 0 score, I would be giving one out.   The hotel staff are unfriendly and rude. The rooms are tiny and filthy. The noise level is high and is non-stop. The renovation work looks cheap and is hugely disruptive. And I came home to find this hideous little creature on my bed.   If you’re on a budget and have no alternative, buy a tent. Hyde Park is across the road 🙂.   Really not good. Thank god I was only here for one night. ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic. ,"Stayed overnight on our theatre break. Room 23 was ok. Very basic. In need of renovation and modernisation but clean. No air con. On arrival only one lift was working and stairs closed from ground floor to first floor, meaning a long wait for the lift or a long walk to 4th floor.  Not the friendliest place I’ve stayed. Wasn’t able to get cold drinks and had to go to a nearby garage. Breakfast was adequate.  Ok for a one night stop over. ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not really impressed ,"My wife and I stopped here for 1 night and also booked breakfast for the following morning. When we arrived we were told we would be in room 23 on the fourth floor but unfortunately only 1 lift was working so had to wait 5 mins for the lift. On arriving in the room we found it very small,very basic and in desperate need of decoration but we wentbwiyh it as we were only there for one night. In the morning after a very warm night (It advertised air con but there was none) we found breakfast ok but nothing much to right home about but it served a purpose. This hotel would seriously need to book it's idea up if I were ever to return and also teach it's staff a few manners too. Not really impressed  ",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel ,"The worst hotel i have ever seen in my life, very bad service and the staff are super tuff and rude, the do not clean the room everyday only they charge towels and they never welcome you when you check in and never smile with the guest, and when you ask something they answer you in a very bad way. I would never ever recommend this hotel to any one espadrilles with family ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",So much to improve!!,"I stayed here for 7 nights this month and the staff (front desk and waiters) were unfriendly and even though we requested not to be in the basement rooms, they gave us a room in the basement. The room  was not cleaned - they only changed the towels!! ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park hotel.,"Arrived at Hotel, to find it being updated. Wet paint signs every. Our Room was very small, tried. Poor TV and Wi-Fi very poor. Food was hot and plenty off it. Staff very helpful.... Would not stay here again, but Hotel is right were we needed to be. Lesson..... Look at lots of Hotels.... Jill.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break in London.,"We have stayed at this hotel several times over the past three years and have always been happy with our stay. The rooms were comfortable, clean  and well presented, and had all the facilities needed for a short break.the bathrooms were clean and modern with a good shower. The breakfast was good with plenty of choice. The corridors and dining room have been decorated and look much better. The staff were helpful and polite. The hotel is in an exelent location close to Hyde park and Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, and a short walk to Paddington station. There are plenty of resturants and shops nearby. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"They in Renovation, so overthink is terrible, the smell of dust, the room are durt, the people from front desk are not helpful, They are very unfriendly. The hotel make you fell very, very, NOT welcome. For me is the worst place I have been!!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t do it,"Booked to stay here for my partners birthday. Paid a reasonable amount of money which I expect because it is London... it was shocking. There was building works happening on the 3rd floor which meant we had do get the lift to the 4th floor and walk through a maze to get to our room. The concierge did however show us to our room but did not offer to help with our suitcases and bags, simply just waved them at us which we then had to carry up and down all the odd stairs. The 4th floor looked very nice, obviously just refurbished so I got my hopes up thinking ours would be the same. No. It was a walk through the nice hallways to a dirty hallway with the carpets hardly on the actual floor where our room was at the end. This was opposite what I can only think was a workers exit so…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellen,"Excellent.   The reception area of the hotel is modern, clean and with plenty of seating.  We stayed on the 4th floor where the rooms have just been renovated and it was fab.  Not the biggest rooms but it easily fitted a large double bed and two singles, with good wardrobe space, tea & coffee, and very good bathroom...... afterall, you're only sleeping, washing and dressing in the room so what more is needed... (And if you're not I suggest you book an apartment instead.)  The staff were great and very helpful.  The location is fab and right opposite Kensington Gardens which leads in to Hyde Park.I doubt you would get a better hotel for the money in W2.  We didn't have breakfast because our morning are too chaotic but at £7.50 per head it is inexpensive for London.  I honestly…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Honestly.... a DUMP!!,"Stayed here for one night and thanks be to God was only one night.  Staff, whilst waiting to check in I sat in the lobby waiting and every person that the 3 young staff members spoke to they were rude too!! The young English guy with glasses needs a personality implant whilst the other young guy that was working the concierge desk needs to realise he is working a desk in a rank low star hotel and not the Ritz!! Come back to Earth.  Check in, no early or late check in or out options and absolutely zero room for manoeuvre on this one. You can leave your stuff in a cupboard but if you look above the top shelf on the right it is full of nasty bugs.  Room, rooms are literally tiny to get to both sides of the bed you have to climb across, the carpets are old tatty and and uncleaned or…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,"Before moving to London I stayed in Queen's Park Hotel and it was a great experience. The staff, specially Jeroen, helped me with tips and recommendations.  Jeroen made sure my stay in the hotel was the best, helping me at all times when he was working.  The hotel was good and I would recommend it.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",3night stay,"Despite some poor reviews, we stayed here for our break in London, we found the hotel a great little find, rooms are on the small side but very clean, reception was very quick despite arriving at a busy time, beds were comfortable and had both pillow and mattress protectors on, which is always a mark if gd housekeeping, the hotel is well placed to catch a bus into the centre of London, and public transport is very regular. Breakfast was fine and plentiful, staff were very accommodating and pleasant, I would definatly book this again, no complaints with this hotel ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Breakfast was good, room less than expected","The breakfast we had was excellent, the eggs were baked as they have to be, the bacon was crispy, the sausages had a good flavour. The room, however, was not like we would have expected it. The bed was not very comfortable and the room including bathroom was small.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but the rooms are small and need a upgrade,When we arrived they gave us room that had a window that faced a brick wall and the carpets were torn and the room was very small.  We were given an alternative room still very cramped but had a window with a view.  The breakfast was included and was very well presented. The undergroud was a 5 minute walk away and was opposit a very larhe park.,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this place - try another in Queensbridge Rd there are plenty.,Most disappointed with this place. Dirty and frayed carpets and drapes and dirty and crumbling walls. No airconditioning. The first room they gave us was was in the basement dark and could not open windows. After complaining they allocated a room on the second floor - at least with a openable window. The floor tiles in the bathroom were all broken and unsafe when barefoot. Even we asked for a double we got a twin but not sufficient  room for luggage for two people. Most service desk staff were lifeless. Don't bother staying here it was most unpleasant stay. It's three star rating is not valid - barely rating 1 star in our view.,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as expexted,"We arrived early, so the room was not ready. That was ok. We put our luggage in the storage room and headed out in the London streets. Back at the hotel at 6pm, got the room, and IT was extremely hot! The Windows should clearly have been opened before we arrive. The room was a bit old and worn with stains on the walls. 4 beds was squeezed in the room, with not much space left to move. The staff was short in answers and did not smile. They arrived with a second fan upon request, but it was still 28degress C at 11pm!! The family room was situated nearest the elevator and stairs, so there was a lot of noise through the night by party people arriving home to the hotel.  We needed taxi by 8.15 and asked if we could get yoghurt or cereal before breakfast time at 8am, but that was not…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unhelpful staff,"Upon checking in, we were issued a room number 515 & told to access via the 4th floor. After wandering through the rabbit warren of corridors we finally found a cleaner who kindly showed us the way. After moving cases up a flight of stairs then back down another we finally found our room, which could do with a clean & fresh coat of paint. Looking at the remainder of the hotel it looks as if it is in the middle of refurbishment.  There are 3 lifts available but reception staff did not advise that we had called the wrong lift.  In the evening we asked for ice & were directed to a machine which proved to be empty.  They told us it may take 15-20 mins to make ice. My husband decided to wait in the lobby for the ice which never eventuated.  Other guests tried to help but decided the…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Top Location, Top Room ","I pre booked in Australia back in February, and after reading a few of the reviews between then & now I started to get a bit worried about the place. Arrived last Saturday in the humid heatwave, was given a room on floor 4. Foyer had been freshly painted out that day, looking good & staff very friendly and great English. 4th floor has been all refurbished, hallway & the rooms. Great new In the ceiling air conditioning, carpets, paint, tv, window covers & full bathroom. Cant go wrong. Breakfast is all you could need also. Will be back again to,stay as so close to 2 stations, busses, & local shopping/restaurant strip. Oh and don't forget, 5 minute walk to Hyde Park, & Kensington Palace. Can't go wrong ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but terrible service/accomodation,"The location of the hotel is super, right next to the Hyde Park and not far away from the tube - this was the only positive thing! The rooms were dirty and really tiny. It was very hot inside and there is no air condition, only a small fan. The staff was mostly unfriendly. We asked a simple question and they reacted annoyed or even angry. When leaving the hotel we stored our luggage there until we traveled to the airport. For this ""service"" we had to pay one pound per piece of baggage. All in all i wouldn't stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not great....,"I booked into the Queen’s Park hotel for my mums 50th, there were 3 of us who stayed. The first room we got was horrendous. Very small with a double and single bed cramped in to the room. We could hardly move once our cases were in there too. We went down for an upgrade and we were then given a room in the basement. It was much better and had air con also. We went for a cup of coffee the next morning and were told even if you don’t eat breakfast it is a standard price of £7.50. So the waitress tried charging £22.50 for three cups of coffee!! Personally I wouldn’t stay here again. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special but clean and convenient ,"As the title says. It’s nothing special, quite a basic hotel with a lot of rooms but you get what you pay for. This room was just over £70 a night, which for its proximity to Hyde Park is cheap enough. We were originally booked into the Baywater hotel but were told on arrival that it had unfortunately overbooked itself and we were being transferred to one of their sister hotels. I’d read that on here so it wasn’t such a surprise and they booked us a taxi free of charge, so we didn’t mind too much. The queens park was only down the street really and closer to the tube so not a problem for us at all. Once there we were greeted by the friendly staff. The reception could do with a little updating, but nothing to worry about. Once we were allocated our room we were shown to the…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Please stay away,"Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Stayed here due to the convenience of the location to Hyde Park. Stained walls, laminate flooring lifting up, dirty carpets, shower head pointing to the wall. Coupled with a small fan and no air con, possibly the worst place I have ever stayed. A hostel would be better. I have complained to Expedia and the hotel but no response from the hotel yet ! The list was endless. I'll post pictures instead of our room and let you decide.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth of money,"Stayed queens park hotel july18 3nights, dirty small rooms with no air-con, breakfast is ok, anyhow bacon an sausages was every morning burned dry. Almost only good point in this hotel is location, with this amount of money i recommend to go somewhere else. ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful - worst hotel I have ever stayed in!,"I booked this hotel for the location as me and mr partner were visiting London for a Micheal bible concert. On arrival I found our room with stained walls, broken window with duck tape covering the crack, bed on wheels that moved every time you sat on it, mattress that was lumpy and very uncomfortable, WiFi did not work, towels that smelt disgusting, carpet coming up off the floor in all corners, tv to high up to even watch, kettle was disgusting and about 20 years old, shower door wouldn’t close properly and shower head doesn’t move so couldn’t shower properly. Breakfast was awful came down to find the buffet style breakfast empty of most products, orange juice machine not working and dirty glasses and plates. In check out no question of did we enjoy our stay or anything simple…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very convenient for Hyde Park & the West End....no air-con in room,"Good points. The Queens Park hotel is very convenient for Hyde Park & the West End.  It's just a few minutes walk to Queens at tube station. Check-in is swift, the lobby is spacious & cool. Not so good points. The room was hot.  No air-con in the room although there was a desk fan provided but in the middle of summer the fan was not really enough. Shower room was a bit dated. Breakfast is self service and the food quality is just average. For example, all drinks are out of a machine. There were no glasses for juice on both mornings that I was there.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",really expensive and really awful,this was an expensive hotel   with a dingy room   and not worth the money   cant be bothered staff   and I should have read the reviews before booking   because  left it late all the hotels  on trivago were ridiculously expensive,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay clear!!,"I will not recommend this hotel. Rooms too hot, no cooling. Bad service. Stay clear!   Makes promises to fix things, but nothing get fixed. Old, small and worn down rooms. Stay clear!   The cleaning seems very ok, but the staff in reception... should at least take a course in customer relations. Stay clear!  So, if I forgot to mention it; stay clear!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Please don't stay here, It's awful. No aircon, room is too small to walk around. Only plus side was that the hotel was so bad, my girlfriend and I stayed out all day exploring so we didn't have to go back to this terrible hotel.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",When you email a complaint and they ignore it ......very good *****not for anyone with clostrophobia****,We arrived at London on a hot day we walked from Paddington to Bayswater we finally found the Hotel we were given a room on the 4th Floor but was told by the receptionist that we have to use the 3rd floor and walk up. we took the keys got in the lift and went to the 3rd floor we couldnt find the steps so got back in the lift to the 4th floor when we arrived the lift was boarded up so we had to go to the 5th Floor the rooms were being renovated and workmen were about . I asked how to get to the 4th Floor they took us down a newly painted staircase and we finally arrived the corridor was adult width which freaked me out and we went in the room it was so small I started having a panic attack. I rang down to reception stating all the problems and they said come down to the reception…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",PERFECT LOCATION - WOULD STAY AGAIN,"Sceptical after reading the very mixed reviews about this hotel and the ongong refurb it is currently undergoing.  I emailed the hotel before arrival and also reminded them upon check-in that I preferred a refurbished room.  This wasn't a problem, however the room wasn't one of the recently refurbished ones.  The room didn't disappoint, everything in good working order, including a much needed air conditioning unit.  However, the safety deposit box had been left closed by the previous occupants.  Not a problem, quick call to Reception and someone came to the room within half an hour to reset and go through the instructions.  Found staff were very obliging throughout our stay during breakfast and upon our return late in the evening. Tube station less than a 10 minute walk away,…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Quite average,"For our four-night stay in London we stayed at the Queens Park Hotel. The Hotel has a nice location being only minutes away from Hyde Park and the Queensway-area with several restaurants and small shops. Its also easy to get into the more central parts of London with a tube station nearby and busses only using 10minutes to Oxford Street in one direction, and Westfield shopping center in the other one. The hotel itself is very nice to stay at if you’re in London to do some shopping, and dont want to spend a lot of money on the hotel itself. The rooms are nice, though a bit worn-down, and perhaps a bit small. The cleaning was good. The breakfast is OK, nothing more. There were no air conditioning, but with the window open during the night and a small fan one, we managed quite…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic accommodation but served the purpose,Stayed here during a short trip to London recently. Basic accommodation which served the purpose of a place to sleep. The room was small (which we expected) and was serviced adequately each day. Offers air conditioning which was great as the room got quite hot at night. The bed wasn’t the most comfortable and the hallways were very narrow. The breakfast was buffet style. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall the part of the hotel we stayed in was pretty run down however renovations did seem to have taken place recently in other parts (of the hallways at least) and hopefully will continue throughout as well as in the rooms. ,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Run, as far as you can!","Bored or unhappy stuff, you didn`t feel welcome in their hotel. If you say hello they answered, if you don`t say hello they just looking to you. A small room with a dirty floor, you can not go walk without slippers, the flock bed was broken. No place for luggage, no fridge, no air conditioning, bad connection to free WiFi. Tiny bathroom, no place for putting your soap, poor shampoo. The only good things were towels, clean and white and the location, near tube station.   I love London but with experiences like this I have to think twice about visiting UK.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Disgusting!,"We booked our room through superbreak.com as part of a deal for a concert/hotel. Prior to booking I alway check the reviews and there was a mixed bag of reviews but on the whole it was quite positive and so I went ahead and booked. I feel it’s important that I ensure people know how disgusting this hotel is in the hope it will deter others from making the same mistake.  Although the location is perfect, the hotel states a 10 minute walk from Paddington station - it was more like 20 minutes.  I contacted the hotel prior to our arrival and asked if we could have one of the larger rooms as it was a birthday treat from my husband. They replied a week later saying this wouldn’t be a problem.. !! Once we had arrived I was asked to email reception to confirm booking and I was told I…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic tiny room,"This hotel came in a weekend theatre package. Luckily we didn't get to hotel until after evening show and left 10am. Reception of hotel looks nice but as you set off to the room the hotel is very dated and needs touch of paint. Room was vetu small. Bathroom was tiny but usable. Shower worked well.  Curtains are heavy and don't pull easily and window is single glazed which means very little sleep as sounds like window is open wide!  Lorry turned up early and reversed beeping as it did so.  Breakfast was toast. Scrambled egg, dried up bacon, sausages and beans. Also grapefruit and yoghurt.  Would not choose to stay here again! ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",one reason to stay here,"arrived 8th june for 2 days, don't bring a suitcase, no room in bedroom, {4thfloor} 2 people can hardly move, ,also bathroom ok except nowhere to put your soap etc,especially in the shower,One good thing,opposite kensington palace, and Bayswater tube,5 mins walk, plenty of eating places near the hotel, all types of food, we ate a few time in wetherspoons very good also good greek restuarant, not the hotel, their breakfast room looks like an old train station eatery, , didn't go in one look was enough. Must say the staff on reception were very helpful and polite",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL. AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"Came to London a sort of a birthday present for my partner.  A couple of days in London together with a show.  Everything was amazing apart from the hotel.  Upon arrival in our room I found it to be extremely small, however as we would spend most of our days out and about, this didn’t concern me.  What did concern me was the noise of the building site in the room next door, the poor state of decor in the room I was in and the general dilapidation of the room in general.  I contacted reception and was shown the only spare room in the hotel which was on the ground floor.  Having spent thirty mins in our original room I was pleased to move.  If I had the spare money to have moved hotels in general I would have done so immediately  The new room was slightly larger, but quieter…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Hotel,I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel on June 12th. I arrived at the Hotel at 7pm and my first impressions of the reception and the receptionist was one of what am I doing here.   I was told there was no Restaurant or Bar which meant after a very long day I had to walk out again so not ideal.  The lift was barely big enough to fit me in and the carpet was all ripped in the lift.  However when the lift doors opened it revealed a spotlessly clean modern environment.  The bedroom was small but again spotless and modern and the Bathroom was a good size and Modern  I had a great nights sleep on a very comfortable bed  I worked in my room till 12pm the following day when I had to check out.  The staff on Checkout were far more cheery and friendly than the person who checked me in  A…,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","great location, excellent base for our stay in London",The reception was impressive but soon turned shabby as you went up to the rooms. Our room looked out onto the fire stairs which made our room dark. All amenities were fine but there was building work on the fire stairway early in morning so had to keep curtains closed and was noisy. It would have been nice to have been warned about this.,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Trip to Wembley stadium football match,Stayed here for 3 nights plenty tube stations where we was   get a oyster card when you get off your train brilliant   £25 For a 3 miles journey in a taxi   this hotel is good very nice mixed breakfast full Monty  breakfast think they are upgrading we was up in the gods room 22  82 steps 😲 as we was going down to lower floors new carpets and fresh paint would use again value for money I'm a Yorkshire women🤣🤣,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",showing its age,I have stayed at this hotel in the past so re-booked again. Was surprised at how run down it is getting. We were put in a basement room which had no light or window. Did not even know this type of room existed. Complained and was moved to a family room for one night. Carpets were torn and stained. Also zero view except for a wall. Was then transferred to a second floor room which was re-modeled and clean. The front desk was helpful which was their saving grace. Breakfast was included and had a great selection buffet style.  Was quite pleased. Hotel seems quite popular so for the price its ok.,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rabbit Warren-like,"We are currently staying here and the rooms are miniature. They are old and extremely small, you can sit on the end of the bed and you are at the other side of the room.  The shower door is broken and doesn't shut, but is clean. The room is quite clean and cosy.  Can be very noisy as you hear all of the other quests on your floor as well as other floors.  The most insulting thing is if you want the hotel to hold your bags on checkout you have to pay! Albeit it's only £1 however when you have paid hundreds to stay for a few days and you checkout early so they can have the room ready for the next person, they charge you for the courtesy.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel great location & Fantastic Value,"I felt compelled to write a review considering all the poor reviews posted about this hotel, I must admit I was nervous but I was more than pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel was.  My daughter and I stayed 3 nights we had a really lovely room, spotlessly clean and well appointed with a lovely bathroom, room was serviced every day.  Staff were most welcoming, friendly and helpful.  Granted the rooms are small but its not as if you are going to be spending the whole time in it - all you want is a good comfortable bed and a clean room and this hotel more than met that criteria. The only area that maybe could do with a little improvement is the breakfast however it was perfectly adequate considering the price we had paid for BB in central London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just come here to sleep!,"I mean, for the cost it was a fair deal. The room was very small, but I had my own bathroom and privacy. I did like the breakfast, and the fact that was super close to a train station, restaurants, little market, bus stop, and currency exchange location.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good over nighter.,"Stayed here one night as part of a show and hotel package.  Room was very clean staff on reception were great, friendly and helpful. Breakfast was just ok, the staff on the morning not as attentive as reception staff.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever!!,We had an overnight stay. We were on the 5th floor and the rooms were clean and refurbished. The rooms were really small and cramped. It was a hot day so we had the window opened.Around 7 in the morning i could hear a rattling sound coming from the window. When i looked there was a massive squirral near the window.. it jumped onto my friends bed and we all screamed!! The squirral was in the room and we were frightend..we contacted the reception to ask for help..we managed to get out of the room without getting attacked by the squirral again..two men from the reception came to the room and managed to get the squirral out after 10 minutes!! There were squirral droppings all over the room..the staff just told us to go back in and didnt even ask if we were ok and acted like…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight night stay,Stayed here with my husband following  a concert a the Royal Albert Hall. Plus points our room had obviously been refurbished and was clean and fresh. However it was very small. One side of the bed was very close to a window and an angled wall making it very difficult to get by. Shower and loo again clean but tiny. My husband is 6ft plus and had real difficulty getting into the shower let alone getting out. Breakfast was included but was poor. Continental and hot food provided. Sadly bacon and sausages were overcooked and not particularly tasty. Eating area was quite small and very crowded.Overall a disappointing experience.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A little disappointing,"Just returned from a few nights at the Queens Park hotel ,i had previously asked for a refurbished room high up ,but on arriving they said they had no knowledge of my request and offered us a second floor room. The room itself was very small for a double it would have been much more suited as a single.(hardly any room to get around the bed).There where a few minor things like the dual toilet flush sticking,carpet stained in places etc.The walls are paper thin and we were disturbed by people in adjacent rooms,for about 3 hours in the early morning there was an unidentified noise (sounded like loud humming etc) this was a pity as the hotel is situated in a really nice part of London near Kensington Gardens.The room as a single and a complete refurbish would have been good but…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay,"Reading the other reviews, I must have gotten incredibly lucky..!! Stayed here for 4 nights about a month ago, in a room on a higher floor - great location, value for money, housekeeping and facilities. Walls were indeed extremely thin, so it really depends on who is staying in the neighbouring rooms. Otherwise, nothing else to fault. Will definitely be back next time I'm in London.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"We were booked into the Bayswater Inn Hotel from 30 to 31 March 2018, when we arrived on 30 March 2018 (On our honeymoon) we were told that their system had overbooked (We had paid and booked in January 2018) and were transferred to  their sister hotel The Queens Park Hotel which had small rooms, lumpy beds, uneven floors in the ""bathroom"" and very noisy in terms of guests banging their bags and stamping their way around at all times of the night. A really horrible experience.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value!,"There is no getting around the fact that this hotel is quite shabby. From what I saw the whole place needs a facelift, paint, carpet, etc... BUT it is a central London hotel for a surprisingly affordable price, which makes it a great value. Our room was in the basement and had a window into another unfinished section of the basement. Who cares, it is an affordable central London hotel! The breakfast was wonderful and the staff, after hearing that we had been traveling for 36 hours straight, moved heaven and earth to get us into our room for a nap as quickly as possible. Two streets down are restaurants of every variety. Close to metro! I would stay here again for sure and recommend it for anyone who wants an affordable central London hotel and can look past the cosmetics.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel by all means!,"Pictures of rooms are fake, this hotel is dirty, noisy, it smells bad, the breakfast is a joke, the staff is impolite and not helpful at all. Our window was full of pigeons' droppings! It is just scandalous and shameful! Go on your way...",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel ,"Nice stay, small room but very clean and comfortable  Staff very helpful and nice Good breakfast Nice room  Good WiFi  Next to the train station: Queensway and Bayswater Next to the Hyde park  Shops and restaurants We will return for sure",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",PLEASE save your money.. there’s so many nicer hotels to choose from on this street! ,"I’ll start with the positives:  Great location-minutes from Queensway tube station, Hyde Park and kensington gardens are on your doorstop.  Staff- ok, quick checkin, helpful and friendly enough.  Rooms are each equipped with a smartphone. This is for guests to take outside the hotel to use as a travel guide. Although we didn’t use it, I can see how it would come in handy for the more touristy of tourists.  Negatives:  very dated and musty smell lingering throughout- I understand that it is currently being renovated and for this reason we requested an upper storey room in the understanding that these rooms had been completed. However we got allocated room 115 on the first floor...  Very worn- paint on walls scuffed and scratched and stained Carpets coming up everywhere and…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Customer service at breakfast killed this hotel for me.,"The hotel room I stayed in was OK, a bit small and hot but quiet which is something for London. Went down for breakfast and the colleague I was with had forgotten her yellow breakfast token. you'd have thought we were at school when the rude female member of staff basically said ""well you will have to go and get it"". to make matters worse, someone else did the same thing and she let it go with ""well make sure I see it before you go"" which was equally as rude but at least she got to have her breakfast. When we showed the yellow ticket to the concierge they said ""oh don't worry, forget about it"" looking rather shocked we'd been spoken to in this way. This spoilt the whole experience for me as when I went to serve myself at breakfast the same female member of staff shot across and…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location-poor standards,"Photos of hotel are very misleading. Its clear that they have begun renovating the hotel, interior of hotel smells musky and rooms need to be aired on arrival. Size of rooms were okay and bathroom had been renovated but shower doors were broken. Need to give more washing supplies for shower and hair. Stayed on third floor and and room was absolutely frozen and radiator was broken. Bed was comfy enough though and cleaners cleaned the room well. My stay was for four nights. Breakfast was decent and selection was good with hotfood and continental. Could be very loud at times from other rooms on same floor. Staff were polite enough, not sure I would stay here again. Wifi didnt work kept turning off. Great location close to shops and tube stations. Also there was a great little free…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",If I was the Queen I would be offended that the word Queen is in the hotel name ,"Okay I know the price of the hotel was cheap and that probably explains the bad reviews but my goodness this hotel is an absolute dive. My partner and I stayed here for one night as we had a Do down the the road and we just needed a bed to sleep in, and I wish I could say it was good enough to just be a bed to sleep in. But no, we even considered packing up and catching the last bus home. First we were given the wrong room - this room had a huge gap between the door and the carpet, the decor was dated and the floorboards creaked with every move. And then when we were told we were in the wrong room we thought “okay we’re probably in a newer furnished room”. Oh no. Our new room was a box with broken furniture, a drawer glued shut, the walls looked as if something had been munching…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value,Stayed here for a work trip. 2 min walk from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. 5th floor recently refurbished to a high standard. Brilliant value. Room small but spotlessly clean. Ben linen crisp and fresh. Pillows so comfortable. Bathroom lovely with a hot overhead power shower. Breakfast £7.50 with everything you need. Will definitely stay again for future work trips.,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely staff, disappointing stay ","We stayed here for two nights in March 2018. The staff were lovely however the hotel itself was extremely disappointing. Small corridors, shabby rooms, curtains that even don't cover the whole window, lights not working. I definitely wouldn't recommend this hotel. Honestly I feel sorry for the staff having to work in that environment! ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for one or two nights,"A very good location, close to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and Kensington Gardens.  Rooms small but with all the essentials for a one or two night stay.  Breakfast basic but OK.  Staff polite.  The place is in need of refurbishment and the carpets need a good clean but most people on a short break to London will be out all day and just want somewhere to sleep and the bed linen, towels and bathroom were clean.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel to avoid,"I don’t know how they get away with calling it a Hotel .Trading standards should review , this is a very poor B and B.  Staff very unfriendly and didn’t want to help in anyway, rooms very dirty and extremely unkept, No bar or lounge. On arrival unable even to get a coffee after travelling for 3hrs. Breakfast very poor and basic, it was like sitting in a school canteen.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stolen money,"So, starting off. The room was old and the floor mat was broken.  After the first day 50£ was missing after we were away and the cleaner had cleaned our room. We talked to the staff which didn’t do anything but for talking to the cleaner in which, of course, denied her taking any money. A lot of problems with stolen money.. really bad, and after going to TripAdvisor I also see that rooms had bed bugs.. WONT BE GOING THERE AGAIN!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",terrible worst hotel experience of my life,"The terrible hotel woth underground rooms and no light with moisture not working heaters dirty beds, and they do not cancel the bookings with using the policies. Please somebody tell me why there is no pilicy about this robbery hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel,"My train from London was cancelled, so I was forced to stay in the city overnight. I booked this room last minute. Others should beware as it may ruin a holiday or trip.  Here is a list of what was wrong:  1. Dirty room - the floor had not been vacuumed and the towels smelled. 2. The toilet flush was broken. 3. The carpet was frayed at the edges and had holes in it. 4. The walls were dirty, scuffed, and marked. 5. The hallways smelled damp. 6. The window was covered in pigeon excrement. 7. Little soundproofing between rooms.  None of this really mattered to me, as I only needed somewhere to stay for one night but others should take care when considering this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Place to lay your head,"Stayed here yesterday, bought deal through Thomas cook for theatre & night away. Location is brilliant, close to Bayswater tube, lots of shops and places to eat. Reception staff are pleasant/helpful. Room needs attention, walls were marked, iron mark on carpet, carpets look dirty but bed and bathroom clean. For the price we paid, we couldn’t moan but could do with smartening up. Bed comfortable. Corridors need decorating however reception was nice. Breakfast included cooked breakfast, cereal, fruit /yoghurt and was nice enough for the money paid.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overall Terrible time - Must read *bedbugs*,"My mother and I are not the type to ever complain we truly wanted to enjoy the time we had together as it took place during my canadian reading week. Pros - close to the tube, a great street of food  a block away and decent staff but that was all this hotel had to offer.  Cons - like so many other reviews, the room was, well, gross. There was gum by the wall, holes, and stains. Super hot when we entered and the window was non functional, we had to prop it open with a cup but we weren't in the rooms often, it was only to sleep in. But they ruined even that!! After our second night there, my mom started to complain about being really itchy, started scratching with a few bumps that i brushed off as maybe a rash. Our third night (fourth day there) my mom complained of dirty sheets…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean budget hotel,"Very short walk to Queensway tube station giving quick and easy access to the theatre we were visiting (Palace theatre for Harry Potter and the cursed child). A two minute walk from Kensington gardens/Hyde park.  Receptionist who I spoke to the day before our visit was friendly and reassured me that very late check in (11pm )  was not a problem. Very reasonable price through the booking agent I used and although the room was very small it was very clean. A lick of paint was needed and some cracked tiles in the bathroom but I am only interested in sleeping there not rating the decor. Slept well and the breakfast had a good selection, there was hot and continental buffet, and ample seating. Would stay here again without a doubt. Good if you are on a budget.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed Feelings......,The hotel was ideally placed being within 10 mins walking distance of Queensway Tube Station and great restaurants and shops including a Sainsbury Express.  Our double room was tiny with not much space around the bed but I guess this is London after all.  The decor was tired and a bit lack luster. The staff were polite but not overly friendly.   In fact the whole atmosphere of the hotel was a little sterile and lacking any kind of feeling of comfort or welcome.  The breakfast was passable with a selection of cooked items and cereals.  London is the sort of place you go to be out all day which is just as well as I couldn't imagine what the hotel would offer us other than somewhere to sleep.,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,Booked a large twin room On arrival got a small double room Told by lady receptionist she takes no notice of requests.  Very rude. I contacted Agonda where we booked.  Receptionist making things up we never said.  Not a nice time at all. Moved to a basement. Put in a room where they were doing maintenance.  No window.  Like a dungeon. Double bed. On wheels and moved all night Horrendous stay ,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful ,I booked the hotel before reading the reviews on here so I must admit I was a little worried. I found the hotel clean and tidy and the staff were polite and helpful. The room was basic but more importantly clean and I had a comfortable nights sleep. The Queensway tube station is 5 minutes walk from the hotel. It was by this way I was able to find my way around London. All in all if you're looking for a place to get your head down while you visit the sights of London then I would recommend and I would use this hotel again ☺,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and cheerful,"very basic and small rooms with need of decoration, very comfortable bed though right next to a draughty window, staff all friendly and helpful, breakfast ok, nothing special. Overall worth it for the price",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Noisey and Unhelpful,You can hear absolutely everything in this hotel. The floors were beyond creaky! We asked to extend our stay an extra night because our flight got cancelled and the receptionist insisted for us to come back in the morning as she could not help? Very rude and would not recommend! Plenty of better hotels nearby! ,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful room! ,"We came to the hotel for just 1 night, never been to London before so was a first for me.. and was so disappointed when we came to this hotel. The room was freezing when we first walked in.. the room was dirty too! Marks all over the walls and to mention the walls you can hear everything in the hotel around you!! I would not recommend to anyone coming to London, not s good deal at all!  Keep away!!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Decent!,"Stayed here last week with my partner for a couple of nights. For the amount we paid compared to other London hotels I wasn’t expecting luxury, however reading the reviews on here made me dread our stay! Would I have sleepless nights because of the paper thin walls?! Or get eaten by bed bugs??? Fortunately on arrival we were greeted by lovely desk staff in a very clean smelling reception area who gave us a room on the second floor (NOT one of the refurbished ones). Our room had a double bed and a single bed, however we only paid for a double. Because of the extra bed it seemed quite cramped but actually was a decent size. Mattresses weren’t particularly comfortable but were ok - and not a bed bug in sight. Bathroom was surprisingly nice, clean and large. There is a window in the…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel and very rude staff,We booked this hotel for a lovely family break in the middle of February. 15 hours after booking cancelled booking as father in law had a stroke through the night. I phoned hotel as they had taken money from my account. I asked if they could refund my booking explaining what had happened. Was told manager was the only one who could do this. Phoned back on the Monday and it went down hill from there. All staff I spoke to were rude with no compassion. Were not interested in what we were going through and refused refund and basically said tough. I have never been treated so badly by a hotel. I’m appalled. I would understand if it was a week before travel dates but this was 4 weeks. They can let out our room that we have cancelled. Do not book with this hotel!,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"The hotel is very poor. Avoid at all costs. No soundproofing between rooms in any direction will keep you awake all night as the sound comes from all other rooms above, below and sideways. About half the rooms have windows backing on to a wall only centimetres from the window so you not only don’t get a view but don’t get any light at all. The small gap between the wall and window is filled with cigarette butts which might go some way to explaining why the room stank so badly despite being non smoking. Tiny shower with very hard to control temperature and simply the worst breakfast I ever tasted. Despite breakfast being included in price we only tried it once and never went back. The smell of the breakfast should get you out early - out of the hotel that is. Location is good. ",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good city hotel ,"Check in was easy and the staff where all very helpful  Our room was on the 5th floor and looked like it had recently been refurbished,the room was fairly small but had all we needed for a short stay The bathroom was small but for 2 nights it wasn't a problem  Breakfast was good it was busy but the staff are all working hard to keep everything fully stocked  The hotel is very close to the tube station so its ideal for exploring London  We would stay here again the staff make the hotel and they where all excellent ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location! Pleasant staff!,"The staff at the hotel were very friendly and the breakfast is well cooked with enough choice to please everyone. The location of the hotel is very good, near attractions and underground stations. There are good points but I can't recommend this hotel based on the fact that its impossible to get a good night rest in a squishy space with incredibly thin walls and so many people around you. Our bed were on wheels and ""dancing"" all night long on the the slippery floor.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, good breakfast, but tiny and noisy","I stayed here for two nights recently with a friend. We had booked a twin room, and we were given a room on the top floor in the newly refurbished section. The room was clean but very tiny. When we arrived there were two single beds actually pushed together, and we separated them, but the room was so small that the most space we could get between the beds was about 15 cm. There was a little bit of space right inside the doorway where we had to put all our luggage as this was the only floor space in the whole room. There is one chair and a desk at the foot of one bed, so one person can sit down, the other one is confined to their bed area. Once we pushed the beds apart we couldnt open the bathroom door, so it was a never ending task of moving  furniture every time anyone needed…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, that’s about all. ","I felt like I was staying in the Bronx to be honest. Breakfast was the strangest thing. The food is served in a tiny area and more times than not the food trays were empty then everyone was pushing and shoving to get food when a new lot was brought out. The waiters came through with a cart to collect plates and would put the scraps into one pot in front of you. I just thought that was awful, I don’t want to see that while I’m eating breakfast.  Wifi was very slow.  We were charged £1 for every bag we wanted stored after we checked out. Rooms could do with a good clean as well as the bedding - it had a weird yellow tinge to it. Quite disappointing for such a lovely area.  Location is great, close to 2 stations and opposite Hyde Park. ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing stay, never staying here ever again. ","Me and my partner checked in on the 11th January we were both tired as we were travelling all day from Europe, so we checked-in in the hotel got our keys and went up to our room, once we have opened the door there was somebody else in the room! So we were all shocked!  The reception staff then apologies and took us to a different room in the old side of the building. It was a triple room that we didn’t really booked for but we were tired and just wanted to get some rest.   The room got super hot in the middle of the night as the radiator was on full blast, i then tried to turn it down but it didn’t work! i have emailed my concerns to the hotel. I appreciate the apologies but it sounds so sympathetic and a lot of excuses on the email. I mean i can go on with this.   So if you are…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Refurbished 5th floor FANTASTIC,"We stayed for two nights just after new year, and after the reviews we saw we were a little worried. Safe to say we were very surprised and impressed when we got there! The reception and entrance hall was clean, modern and very welcoming. The newly refurbished lift took us up to the 5th floor (room 505A) where the corridors had been freshly painted and newly carpeted. It smelt new, fresh and clean. The room wasn’t massive, but was more than enough for two people for a couple of nights. The bathroom was very modern and done to a high standard although the water pressure for the shower wasnt particularly strong. The bed was very comfy with crisp white sheets and lots of pillows. The BEST part was the free “travel buddy” which was basically an android phone pre loaded with software…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, expensive, small and noisy rooms but clean","The location was great, very close to a London Underground station and bus stop, and also close to shops, restaurants and etc. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and they clean the room everyday.  The room was extremely small, smaller than expected in the pictures we saw before booking the rooms looked way bigger, we were having a difficult time move around in the room if we both were standing up. Also the walls were way too thin we could hear everything was going on in the other rooms, and I bet the could hear us too. The floor was noisy when you move the floor was making some weird squeals. The breakfast was very very basic. For the money we paid we were expecting a bit more comfort and privacy.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Won’t stay again but great staff. ,"Honestly, this is a below average hotel. I paid £50 for one night so I know I shouldn’t expect too much but, the carpets in the hallways are horrid, dirty. The walls in my room were horrid. The room was freezing, even though the heater was on full blast. I asked to move rooms but they were fully booked. They did give my two extra duvets though which helped a lot. The bathroom was tiny but clean. Great shower, plenty of hot water. I think the best thing about the hotel is the staff. They were very accommodating. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Break ,"My daughter & I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of November. After reading some of the reviews on here we prepared ourselves for what sounded like Fawlty Towers. I emailed ahead and asked for a nice twin room.  After a short walk round the corner from the tube station, Along a lovely Bayswater High St with shops bars & restaurants & past Hyde Park we arrived at QPH.  Reception was lovely & clean with friendly staff and check in was quick. We were escorted to our room by a receptionist. We were on the ground floor in Room 1. We were impressed with A large family room with 1 double & 2 single beds , shower room with ample sachets of shower gel, shampoo etc, flat screen TV. Tea/Coffee etc.  We unpacked and went back out. We walked through Hyde Park, past Marble Arch, Kensington…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!!,"My friend and I stayed for one night as we had tickets for the O2.  Our first impressions were not good.  Tiny, cramped room which looked like it hadn't been decorated in years.  The coridors and lifts were tiny and the same appearance.  We had to shut our curtains because the window was filthy and covered in pigeon muck!  My bed was very close to the bathroom door, so didn't have much room to move.  But, we dicided that we were only there for one night and wouldn't be in there much so put up with it.  Untill next morning when we were woken at 7am my people slamming doors.  So, got up to make a cup of tea.  It was then that my friend discovered she had not been sleeping alone!!!  There were three small bugs of some sort running around in her bed.  It looked like they had come…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice ,"We stayed for 1 night whilst visiting Hyde Park. We didn't know till breakfast before checking out that we were on the referbished floor. The room was clean, crisp and, although small, suited us just fine. The bathroom was modern with a shower though again small. The carpets must be new too as they didn't feel trodden on and still fluffy. The bed was a proper double (not 2 singles pushed together) with really plump pillows and we had a nice view of London. We had this cute mobile in our room that the hotel encourage you too take out with you too use as a map, to find places of interest, resturants ect with other features which I thought was a brilliant idea. There are tea & coffee making facilities, tv and a hair dryer in the room too. Like I said though, we were on the…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing,"The rooms are average condition. The good part is that they provide mobile phone that is FOC, but the service is lousy. The front staff services was rather poor and the Manager, Patil not a friendly person either. The breakfast is good but the same things being served on daily basis. For the first time, we checked out at 9am and kept our bags before leaving to airport at 2pm, we were charged money for keeping our baggage in their luggage room, the hotel charge per bag per day charge. Not recommended at all, in fact, there are many other hotels in that area.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid So Called Hotel - Never Stay There Again,"The place is tired beyond belief, carpets worn, scuffs over the walls, broken bits in the bathroom, toilet flush broken, and BED BUGS in room 216!!!!  Disgusting - took the dead bugs down and all the Manager said was they would get the Pest Control in.............no sorry no remorse no nothing................ if I don't get a full refund for this one night stay after their 24 hour so called investigation then the pictures and video of the bed bugs is going on Trip Advisor and on Facebook and I will be finding out where I can get compensation from and get the hotel fumigated.  The only view this room had was a window full of pigeon crap and I mean FULL, all over the window all over the window sill - no view whatsoever so God knows what the wall was outside............this place…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rather Tired,This hotel had a basic room (rather scruffy) but adequate and comfy. Breakfast is a bit of a scrum but the food is good. Staff helpful and limousines booked were reasonable and punctual. Good location for tubes & Museums. Overall you get what you pay for!,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Bother ,This hotel room was ridiculously small. We opened the door and hit the bed so we couldn’t open the door completely.  There was about 30cms between the beds and no where to put a suitcase let alone 3!  We had to put things on top of the cupboard. The layout of the bathroom was somewhat dangerous that exiting the shower over the bath was perilous to say the least. The only safe place to get dry was standing over the toilet.  The beds were exceptionally uncomfortable and the room we had had a street light outside and a curtain that only covered 3/4 off the window.  Needless to say we checked out the following day and changed hotels. ,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID,"My sister booked this hotel about 5mths ago for birthday treats for her daughters and myself, she booked 2 triple rooms when we got the room keys was given 1 triple room and 1 double, went back down to reception and was given 2 different rooms quite far apart and they where awful, went back downstairs to speak to reception as I wasn't the one that boomed the rooms stood back to let my sister sought out the problem, at one stage there was a member of staff laughing at them which I thought was very rude so because I didn't want to get into an argument with them I went outside the hotel, while I was standing outside with my niece the member of staff that was laughing came outside and stuck his fingers up at us, I went back inside and complained about the member of staff but at…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Run Down ,"Stayed here with my daughter to visit winter wonderland,great location for the tubes and bus services.  Unfortunately the hotel is very run down, the floor was wonky and the floor boards were really creeky, the walls are in need of a good paint,there filthy, the light fittings in our room were hanging out, the carpet is worn and threadbare, the television wouldn't turn off, not to mention the window that went out to a wall that was covered in god knows what and pigeon muck.  We could hear everyone else in their rooms and also their floor boards,the bathroom was tiny, and the toilet flush was broken.  The bed sheets were both clean though as was the bathroom.  It was far to hot in the room and couldn't open the window so couldn't wait to get out in the morning for fresh air.  The…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"I have stayed in many hotels but nothing could have prepared me for the room I was given here.   Staff seemed friendly, went to the basement (do not get a basement room) and well.... I was greated to what appeared to be a staff quarter. In fact I wouldn't have put my staff in that room!   I am assuming a previous flood as one side of the room had lovely brown dark water marks all the way from the top to bottom lining the cove, the wooden floors where raises and bubbled which happens after they have been in a tad to much water   The lovely photos I viewed on line must have been taken Else where, one flat pillow each on a bed shoved a against a wall that you literaly fell on when entering the room. Surrounded by some sort of back shelf with a 1970's phone dragged across it, for…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Really enjoyed staying the night here with my 4 yr old.  Great location with easy access to the underground.  The decor in the halls is a little shabby but the hotel is currently undergoing a refit (although the only sign of this is a locked door with warning signs, there is no noise or disturbance)   Room was very good and clean.  The added bonus of the handy travel mobile with built in maps and tourist apps were great, especially as I had forgotten my mobile charger so used the free internet and calls on this device, saving my own battery for photos!  I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"This hotel is in a brilliant location but in my opinion that's as good as it gets.  It is in great need of some tlc, paintwork worn and grubby, no directional signage for rooms in corridors but our main gripe was that there was no heating at all in our room. It was very cold, the duvet was quite thin and there were no blankets or extra pillows on offer. The pillows were just one per person and very thin. As you can imagine, we did not have a good night and will not be returning to this hotel. Breakfast was adequate.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wow ... avoid !!,Ok so ... I don’t usually do many reviews however I couldn’t not put a review on for this hotel!!  Firstly I must say we always stay in low cost budget hotels on our annual trip to London we are not snobs and I hope that this does not come across to readers as so. However I would just like to let other potential guests know what they are booking ... now to the fun part (I will attach photos if able) Good points  - hotel is only a couple of mins walk from Queensway and Bayswater tube.  - Reception staff all seem very nice and pleasant Bad points  - the carpets throughout the hotel are filthy to put it politely our hotel room carpet the same with holes were the carpet is so worn.  - The interior walls of the hotel room were covered in marks where is looks like people have wiped…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not good at all - Queens Park Hotel, Bayswater road","To all of you thinking of going to this hotel, please go somewhere else instead.   Upon arrival you think it looks very nice inside and are pretty happy with your choice of Hotel. Once stepping out of the lift however (on the 4th floor), you start to regret jinxing yourself upon arrival.   All the floor boards creek, the wall paper is peeling off from the bottom and in all honesty, it's not a very nice corridor to walk down.  We got into our room and you could hear people in the neighbouring rooms from the get go. The room is freezing due to there being a massive crack in the window (which they have tried to fix with window glue) and due to the window not sealing properly; as one of the handles to shut the window looks to have snapped off. This has left the window very much…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute NO GO be warned!!,"On arrival me and my partner with our 4 month baby were absolutely shocked with the dreadful state of this so called (hotel) Out dated and unhygienic state of the premises was enough to warrant a health and safety audit! The carpets were older than Trafalgar square yet I believe I would rather eat my dinner off Trafalgar square than I would off the kitchen plates! We were shown to our room in which the Windows were broken, the walls weren't only mouldy but flaking off onto the floor which is a hygiene problem, on top of that outside our window there was a small out building which seemed to be lived in by squatters. The bathroom was tiny and outdated and the tv didn't work, of course we went to reception and demanded our refund and ended up finding another hotel to stay in. Me…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend it,"Too much issues that ruin every beautiful aspect of the stay. We tried to find the positive side but the balance took us in the negative.  We spend a freezing night due to room heater not working. Second night we were giving a blanked and the third night a small portative heater.  We didnt bother the size of the room and small details, but when u come back ater a long day of city sightseen, your electronic room key will not open your room. - you need to go back at the reception.  At the ""check in"" they agreed to follow my instructions on how I want my room bill to be divided (3 nights + 1 night), and at the ""check out"" We got surprised by a justification that the request cant be done without . The worst experience was with their Airport Taxi Service, ""The Plaza"" - we booked a…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","great location, clean room and friendly staff","I stayed for 3 nights in a single bed room on the 5th floor. I was very happy to see that there was an elevator and I had a nice little view from my room!  I was greeted by the staff when I entered and knowing that check-in wasn't quite yet, I still got to store my bags for no additional charge while I roamed London.  The room itself was clean and it was cleaned every day and the bed made, the bed was comfortable but the pillow was quite thin, I have back problems and I know this so I brought my own pillow which I always do!  Bathroom had a good shower, sink and toilet with nice fluffy towels, there's a safety deposit box in the room although there was a problem with mine but the staff fixed in that same day while I was out which was quick and very easy service! And breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend ,We arrived at this hotel on Friday 3rd November. Checked in after 2pm check in extremely slow. Finally given a room card only to find someone in the room we had been alocated! Go back to reception where we are given a new room 214. This has got to be the smallest room i have ever stayed in!  The bathroom was the size of a wardrobe!   The bed was against the wall which as a couple isnt exactly comfortable when ir partner needs the loo in the night. One pillow each. And a bed on bloody wheels!!   Tried to get extra pillows the same evening but was completely ignored by receptionist who was too busy emptying the drawers in the office to help!  Breakfast all il say on this is...NO BACON.  We were meant to stay for two nights but come 6pm on the 2nd evening both of us had only had…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adewuate,"This was s trip with my daughter. If you’re looking for comfort and luxury then this hotel is not for you. If, like me you just need some where to sleep for a night or two then this is ideal.  Five minute walk from the tube station. Our bedroom was spacious, two beds, a double and a single, not the most comfortable but ok for a couple of nights. We had a small tv, Kettle tea and coffee and an ensuite with soap shower gel etc provided.  The breakfast was basic, hot or cold with little choice but again it was adequate. No bar.  We were able to leave our bags during the day after checkout for a charge of £1 per bag.  Overall it was sufficient. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"We were a bit disappointed with this hotel. We booked a family room for 2 adults and 1 child but the room we got was the size of a wardrobe, very small and boxy. The carpet was filthy and there were holes in the walls. The place could do with a paint job. The breakfast was also disappointing. The windows weren’t very practical either. And I wouldn’t like to be anyway large in the waist department either because the corridors were extremely narrow. On the plus side, the staff were very courteous and the location of the hotel was great, with a tube station only around the corner for easy access to the city centre.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Staff,"For the price I was generally amazed, as the helpful staff and great sleep I got was much needed. Although the hotel was not as modern as it could be, I felt compensated with the service response from your team and a special thanks to Martina who assisted me to locate places also calling me a cab. I would recommend for price and service ***",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok spot good location but basic as per other reviews,Stayed for five nights and was unsure given the mixed reviews  Reality is the hotel is good from a location perspective and cost but is three stars at best The pros  We found the staff to be helpful There were a number of times they were getting abused by other people So they were receptive to a friendly Smile Breakfast was fine just get there early Location is good close to train stations and park and lots of food choices two streets away The cons The hotel is very tired and needs some TLC and repair work Only One thin pillow on each bed makes it hard to settle at night Overall if you just need a small room as a base it is fine,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A bad memory,"This is one hotel to avoid. Despite informing the duty manager prior to arrival of mobility problems placed in a tiny room on first floor. Narrow corridors and worn carpets. The bathroom was so small could only use the toilet by sitting sideways. Very shabby decor though housekeeper did her best. Breakfast was poor, dining room more suited to a primary school. Cannot recommend.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A place to sleep - but uncomfortable bed...,"This hotel is in a fantastic location near Bayswater tube station and Kensington gardens - the room we had was small, a little shabby and had a quite uncomfortable bed. Overall a place to sleep, not much more.....",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Staff excellent, Hotel shabby","The staff are excellent and keen to help (especially Anisa & Pellub, you were both fantastic and always smiling), the exterior, foyer and dinning area are all clean, tidy and well-maintained. The lifts are very good, the food for breakfast was perfect with plenty of choice (toaster on the right cooks toast better than the one on the left). Its in a great location next to Hyde park and only 5 minutes to the Queensway tube. I could go on about the shabby rooms, but all I say is - I slept well, the hair dryers were great (daughter comment), the shower was great. Money spent on the room's would improve their look but all I wanted was somewhere to sleep, get washed and go and explorer London. They had a room lock issue for over a day and how the staff didn't go mad is a testament to…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Really poor Hotel,"Just returned from a 2 night break. This is the worst hotel we have stayed at in London. The corridors are small with threadbare carpets. The room was very small, the walls were filthy with holes and marks everywhere. The headboard was a dividing piece of plaster board and they only supplied 1 uncomfortable thin pillow each. The bathroom was small with a sink small enough for a hobbit with no plug cover so every time you washed you were staring down a manky hole. The shower head was attached with duck tape! . The breakfast was ok but not enough tables and chairs to accommodate all guests. The only good thing was the location. It is next to Hyde Park and close to 2 tube stations. Overall I would say this is just an overpriced Hostel and would not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Staff Make It So Much Better!!!,"Before booking the hotel as usual I checked the reviews on Trip Advisor and Bookings.com but they were totally bad, but I booked the hotel since it was close to the centre. I travelled from Italy and I had to check in a night since my flight was delayed. The receptionist gave me the key but I didn't like the room it was not good at all, so I came down to the reception and spoke with the guy there and he gave me a new room and he apologized so many times. I was happy with the room he gave me and he took my luggage as well. I came down to ask him how to get to the places I wanted to travel the next day. It's not my first time in London but I hadn't been here for over 6 years. The receptionist working at that time put all the papers he was holding   and helped me out showing me the…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and friendly hotel,"One night stay prior to meeting. Comfortable room, and reasonable size for age of hotel. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. There was a good selection of food for breakfast both continental and freshly cooked. For a 3 star hotel and location this hotel provides value for money.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",***BEWARE:  Bed Bug Infestation!!!***,"I unfortunately have bared the brunt of it during my stay last week and am suffering the consequences. I wouldn't want it for anyone else.  The place is old, the beds are clearly filthy and it needs to be fumigated. After the first night, I asked for the sheets to be changed as there was a reddy/brown mark on the sheets (which I've now found out is the bug exoskeleton).   When I told reception they responded with, ""oh you should've told us sooner and we would've tried to move you"", which reads, this is a known fact and they are doing nothing about it.   I've emailed and spoken to the manager with a response of, ""Sure, I'll follow up with pest control"".",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,I recently stayed a night at this hotel and I was pleased with the room I got and with the service provided. The staff were nice and friendly and showed me to my room and made sure I was comfortable before they left. Breakfast was provided at the hotel and there was a good selection to choose from. I would definetley recomend this hotel.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good, comfort and nice stay","We stayed back in September' 17 with my family and would like to say the review mentioned on Trip Advisor is not true. I booked for 3 star hotel and what I expected to get the good service, clean room and average room size considering that you going to be central London, good breakfast that all we get while staying at the hotel. Staff were helpful and do there best to satisfy the guest. Definitely I would recommend the hotel and will return back in future.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sean ,"When I saw the reviews I was bit scared to book. But I had that family room for reasonable price So I took the chance , This hotel is close to Bayswater and Queensway station, easy transportation  to central London and other tourist places. 2 2 min walking distance to Hydepark and nearly 10 min walk to National history and Victoria Albert hall through Hyde park short cut.  Reception staff are very friendly. Manager Mr Amol was professional and very helpful even they upgraded to newer rooms with out any extra charges towards street side.  I booked again for new year",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster rooms. Manager who didn't give a damn.,"Photo's of Queens park hotel are nothing like the real hotel. My husband nd I were on a weekend to visit relatives. We normally use two other hotels but dates were unavailable.  On entering the hotel it was much darker than the photos we had seen. Our room wasn't ready, So we went exploring.  Bk at hotel we were given our 1st set of keys, the room was tiny, dark and stinky, even walking in my runners gave me the shivers. 2nd room was a little bigger nd bathroom a bit bigger. Pulled bk shower door, don't know if what was caked on to shower wall nd corner was dirt, poo or mould but who ever cleaned the shower unit must av missed it for wks. Also when my husband sat on the bed he hit the wooden base as there were no springs on the side of the bed to support the mattress.  We took…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Below average ,"Had a three night stay here, it was my first time to London so unsure about what to expect for value of money but it was very run down, all carpets and walls marked, no air con and tiny rooms, not the relaxed stay I was hoping for. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay well clear of this hotel,"Honestly stay right away from this hotel. Staff rude. Building very old, floors slopping, huge gaps under doors. furniture leaning due to non level of floors. Hotel debited full fee from my account not once but twice. My room was not what was listed in the original booking - had to fight to get a so called upgrade, The only 2 things that was good about this hotel was the location , across the road from Hyde Park and the breakfast was good. Nothing else was good about this hotel",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good breakfast/awful hotel ,The front looks great but it all changes as you walk in. Our room was so small we could barely open the door and walk around the bed. Our room was located in an in between floor which meant we had to carry our heavy  luggage up and down the stairs to get to our room. The room only had a tiny window facing a wall! There were stains on the bathroom walls. An ancient hair blow drier which barely worked and some of the bathroom lights /socket didn't work.  The safe in the room was locked and after asking twice for someone to open it we gave up.  The front desk staff seemed to care less about any of our needs.  The only thing to save this place? Their location and free breakfast and breakfast staff. ,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Spacey,"yes was large but just a little bit damp . . . Sorry folks!! looked lovely from the outside, took me a while to find this hotel as I was just using a London map'. The reception area looked really nice but no one showed me down to my room. and I just got a bad surprise when I ended up in my room. smelt a bit damp, if they didn't try to save on the heating bills it would have been good(was spacy) but I think I would have preferred small and cozy.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE HOTEL,"This hotel stole money from my card for a three night stay booked for September after i had cancelled the booking in march this year, they took the full amount for a three night stay and claimed that i was a no show, When i contacted them to look for a refund they were extremely rude and basically down right obnoxious wherever the receptionist received her training she should look for a refund as her people skills and telephone manner leave a lot to be desired,  They,have refused to refund the money, saying they have done nothing wrong, Do NOT book this hotel",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY!,This hotel looks lovely on out side but that all stops when you step through the door the first thing you notice is badly stained settee in lobby then up to your room we're the tiles are disgusting in shower the bed is well I will leave that to your imagination only two packs of cheap coffee the breakfast was mostly tinned reheats all in all a disgusting hotel I wouldn't even let my dog stay in! They are refurbishing but no excuse for being so grubby.,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever,"We got this small room in the basement without air conditioning, for 400 pounds (Four days). The shower smelled like mold and the walls was thin as paper. (you heard everything from next door) There were big marks in the walls and it looked like the room had never been washed before. The floor in the room was incredible wry, so if something was laying on the floor, it would slide down to the lowest point.  The only man in the service with a smile, was the piccolo.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",U get what you pay for ,We stayed here for 2 nights .  We had no intention of staying here except for sleep and shower .  It is a very gd position for sightseeing and trains etc . Altho as we were a group of 6 we found uber to be cheaper and easier .  We were on the top floor - lift for most of the way then a flight of stairs to our room .  Carpets in the public areas are a disgrace and we wondered what the rooms would be like .  We got to our twin room and found a very comfortable area with an ensuite - both were absolutely spotless .  The beds were comfortable and sheets etc were clean .  You could see that work had been done to upgrade the rooms - it looked like they had spent a few quid on the ensuite facilities - but the hotel either done the work themselves or were seriously let down by there…,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful condition and service - unfit for habitation!,"Worst hotel experience ever - stains on walls, patches of dampness and room stank of must, mould and unfit for habitation. No air conditioning as advertised. During the night water began to leak into room from above keeping us awake - staff refused to act with reponse 'this is London in summer and fully booked'. Room smaller than advertised, noisy and creaky, beds are hard and only one pillow. Bathroom smells. Official complaints met with no or delayed responses by management who are rude and not interested and I'm now having to resort to getting a chargeback from credit card company. Suggest hotel is AVOIDED at all costs - there are similar priced and cheaper hotels in London of superior quality - I wouldn't let my dog stay here!!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Experience in 31 years of travelling,"Bad Hotel experiences are a thing that is easily forgotten, the holidays are over and everything is back to normal. NOT THIS TIME. From teh moment I entered teh front door, I realised that this Hotel had nothing to do with what the management wants you to see in the pictures. If we hadn't spent a maximum amout of time outdoors throughout our stay, anyways, this hotel might have ruined the whole trip - and this is a short list of reasons why:  The reception was more of a hecticarea of shouting and fighting of international guests. The personell behind the counter was polite but not really ""interested"". When entering the room, I could not believe my eyes. This ""chamber"" was so minute that there was (really!) no place for you to lay down your bag, sit down or even walk past ech…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Short trip to London with family to sight see and eat out,"The staff were reasonably welcoming and the room wasn't too small - I think it was a family room. Unfortunately we were at the back of the hotel. The windows can't be accessible to clean so they were covered in pigeon muck.  The room was unbearably hot, it was difficult to sleep with the window opening though because of pigeons sitting on the windowsill making a noise. I thought they were coming in!  Breakfast was basic - Tesco value quality sliced bread, cheap sausages, beans, scrambled egg and some cold food.  My breakfast was rudely interrupted by a long hair in the scrambled egg - fair enough, can happen if guests aren't careful but when I highlighted it the Manager was so unpleasant to the girl who was looking after the restaurant it made me really uncomfortable.  He wasn't…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Apprehensive,"I was somewhat apprehensive as I had read some awful reviews as well as some fair ones. We had already paid for the twin room beforehand! This was just overnight and very handy for Theatres. It was clean, a little tired (carpets curtains decor) but the beds were comfortable and bedding perfect as we like flat pillows! Shower was good and plenty of towels. Sachets of shower gel & shampoo. Unfortunately we were situated next to the service rooms and there was so much noise at 7am. The breakfast was included and we enjoyed it, a little slow on the china & cups appearing because it was really busy.  All the staff couldn't have been more polite. Friendly and Helpful with public transport questions.  On the whole it was a pleasant stay for a three star hotel.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!,"Please avoid at all costs, this is an absolute awful hotel, its dark, dingy, dated and disgusting, rooms are thoroughly depressing and no bigger than a postage stamp! staff are very unhelpful and just down right rude! we booked for 2 nights and didn't even stay 1, went across the road and booked the central park which was so so much nicer, clean, modern and welcoming. I have never taken much notice of reviews before but trust me after this hotel I most definitely will take in what the majority of people are saying.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, bad service","We visited in July and the hotel is in a great location, very clean, comfortable and food was basic but nice. However, my boyfriend by accident left his shirt in the room when we left so I called to see if they had found it which they had. I asked if they could post it to us as it was a new shirt and was expensive, Ralf Lauren. They keep telling me they will call me back or to email the details. I'm still waiting! I have called 4 times and sent an email and I keep being palmed off. The fact they found it but are now refusing to give me an answer as to what is happening is totally ridiculous and really really bad customer service! ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A shocker,"Good location and once I'd managed to get into the tiny shower, it was actually okay.  Window, television, remote control, safe, bathroom floor, tap and plug all broken.  Everything very tatty with chipped paint and marks all over the walls.  Breakfast pretty awful as well. They say you get what you pay for and this is cheap for London, but not worth it in any event.",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London hotel,"I do not recommend this hotel. The location is Ok. It is close to Queensway train stop, 10 min bus ride to Buckingham palace the. You can walk to big ben and catch the train two stops the convent gardens.  Hotel staff was nice gave us good directions, breakfast was okay. My main issue was the carpet in the hotel!! It gave the hotel a damp moldy smell. It made me feel unclean. The ac is directly over the bed which can cause a cold so we had to sleep with it off. Our room had two showers one leaked so bad and wet the entire floor we couldn't use it again. No I would not stay there again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ideal for london site seeing,"This was chosen due to a poor first day stay elsewhere so was last minute and booked through tripadvisor (note to self for next time). All we needed was clean and basic with easy access to london sites. This was perfect and a stones throw away from hyde park and the tube station.  we were able to drop bags off before the earliest booking in times so that helped a great deal. the staff were friendly and helpful. the room and facilities were clean.  Room - paid for double and got double plus single bed. Nice space, very comfortable and quiet. nice coffee and tea and hairdryer provided. the shower room was clean and had supplies ie shampoo soap shower cap etc the towels was plentiful. the shower was good easy to use and hot as you like.  free Wifi and Breakfast included was self…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",terrible hotel,"even though our room was in the 'new' building, the tap for the kitchen wasn't installed properly, the shower was very dirty, there was no lift so we had to cary our bags up 3 massive flights of stairs, the bed sounded like it was going to break every time you sat on it, no air con, plus you have to pay to be able to leave your luggage at the hotel after you check out. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID! Room is awful and staff are horrible,"My boyfriend booked this hotel as a birthday treat in conjunction with tickets to see Wicked. The hotel is very dated and dirty, there is no air conditioning and our room was absolutely boiling hot. The temperature was only about 20' outside, so I cannot imagine what it must be like when the weather is hot. The toilet was facing the sink so you had to sit sideways! The beds were uncomfortable and we had a double and 2 singles in our room, but the room was booked as a double. The coffee sachets provided were cheap and nasty. The shower gel and body wash were in sachets too.  My boyfriend booked breakfast, at an additional cost, I was shocked that there were NO VEGETARIAN OPTIONS! I was told that I could just have mushrooms and tomatoes! So I went without. I note that they do not…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously needs some TLC,"Stayed overnight with my girlfriend for her birthday, ended up apologizing to her for booking this hotel...The room was dirty and the walls had plasters and dirt all over, as did the curtains. The only reason this isn't a one star review is that the bed was comfy and the bathroom was okay. Very small and basic room. Corridors are thin and dusty. The whole hotel could do with some TLC, or maybe a new owner who could inject some passion in to the place. The other reviews were right, do not recommend.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & Nasty,"Pokey & dated! Worst bathroom ever, it was so small, neither of us bothered with the shower!!! Worst & smallest bed ever. I don't think they even make beds that bad anymore. Worst cooked breakfast ever.   The only good thing going for this hotel is location. Otherwise book elsewhere. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible dreadful, worse hotel and management ever",A man entered our room at 1am on the second night of our stay after we had moved rooms because of the coils in the mattress actually leaving marks on our skin. Having informed reception and asking to speak to management I was told no managers work at weekends. I have emailed and called to speak to the manager and have had no response at all. My assumption is that this is a perfectly acceptable practice in there hotel. DO NOT STAY HERE anything could happen to you and they clearly do not care!!!,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","After seeing some of the other reviews on here, I was really nervous about staying here.","I have to agree, there is some updating to be done and some deep cleaning in places. However we had no problems at all. Beds and bathrooms were spotless. Yes very very small rooms. I would not have a problem coming back at all",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic at best,"Hotel location was ok, Bayswater and Queensway tube stations 5 mins walk. Hotel itself very tired with cheap furnishings and probably the worst bed I've ever slept in.  There is no air conditioning (hotel was very warm) but a dusty fan was found in the ikea single wardrobe. Room was very tatty and to get to it you had to navigate a maze of corridors almost via the kitchen. Struggling to find anything good to say about the breakfast other than it was included in the price.   In summary, do yourself a favour and spend that extra couple of quid for somewhere that doesn't resemble social services emergency accommodation. Would not recommend!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a lot of work,"The concierge is good and the front staff is ok, wifi is quite good and the aircon in front of house excellent, the rest pales from there. They need to have an arrangement to open the corridors up of all the doors as they are a heat and smell trap, they need to put dampeners on the door blocks to stop the banging, they need to install corridor dimmers as there is an inch of gap below the doors and the light is intrusive. Shower was nice, room was passable, breakfast was not organized well enough. The colouring on the walls looked like builders forgotten to add the wall paper.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"My mum and I stayed here for 4 nights in early July. We were unimpressed from the start. Mum booked & paid for a twin room months before. The room they gave us was a single room with 2 single beds. You could only get in & out of one of them by climbing from the bottom of the bed. We complained & they begrudgingly gave us a twin room, but very bloody cheeky. The walls were dirty & scuffed & the hotel badly needs work. The first day our room didn't get cleaned & the remaining nights they didn't replenish tea & coffee, left dirty cups & only gave us one clean towel. The breakfast was the same every day, very average at best. The saving grace was a decent internet connection & a nice concierge. It's a good location & a reasonable price for the time of year but I wouldn't want to…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute hell !!!,I havent even slept here yet and i already want to get the next flight home . Rooms are so small you wouldnt swing a cat . Staff are very detached and unhelpful and all they were worried about was recieving payment up front. Then again i cant blame staff as if i worked there id probably be unhappy too. Although it has a  good location dont let this be a reason to book it . The only perk of it beong close to the city centre means u can stay in town as long as possible and put off going back to the hell hole. Its walls are filthy as if a they were raising a   litter    of pigs. Its narrow dated corridors make you have to turm sideways as you head towards the nightmare rooms. The showers a disgustingly filthy i might be cleaner of i stay out of them . Worried about the breakfast in…,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Looks like it's off 'Ramsay's hotel horrors',"We were apparently put in the 'new' area of the hotel - which was still extremely dated. Several flights of stairs with heavy luggage to get there. The room itself felt like a shoe box, the bed was tiny, and we either were afraid to fall through it or roll off it. The bathroom also very small, and the shower because of the new door that had been put on was extremely hard to get in and out of. Bar fridge didn't work so we couldn't store any water. The whole place was old and very dingy. Location was good in that it was very close to public transport, so could move around easily. Wouldn't recommend it to others. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than others suggest,"I was worried when, having booked the hotel, I read a few more of the reviews, but I needn't have been. I had booked a single room for just one night and was a given a double in the basement. The room was clean, well furnished, had air con that worked and a clean and presentable bathroom. The breakfast, while not brilliant, was better than in other similarly priced hotels in London. The staff I met were pleasant.  The only slight negative was that there was a smartphone type gadget in the room but with no instructions as to what it was or how to use it - but then not being a tourist that wasn't an issue.   Next time I stay in London I'd have no problem with staying here again.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel at reasonable room rate for central London ,"We managed to get a reasonable rate by securing this hotel on booking,com and then paid the secured rate at arrival at the hotel. Continuing with the positives, this hotel is in a quiet street, but walking distance to 2 tube stations in zone 1 - Queensway or Bayswater and local pubs, shops and restaurants,   However the double room allocated to us on the 4th floor was tiny and bathroom tiny tiny. The room had a working safe, free to use, clean towels and bedding, hairdryer, kettle with cups and tea coffee, tv (no BBC1 or BBC2 strangely) and a much needed fan. There were 3 lifts, 2 were very slow, use the most modern one for speed.   Breakfast was included, food ok, coffee tasteless, cooked items but no bacon, cheese, yogurts, bread, fruit. Limited space around the self serve…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Dated, but quiet","Our room was on the 4th floor and was excessively hot. The small fan helped just enough to let us sleep, but there was no airflow from the window. Luckily, it was very quiet at night and the breakfast was good.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Close to everything ,"Our travel agent booked this for us as we wanted to stay close to this specific area. The hotel is just a 15 mins stroll to Marble Arch and oxford street, 5 mins from Queensway and not far from Nottinghill gate and portobello.   But that's it, the rooms are small, hot (No air con), mattresses and pillow need an upgrade to acceptable. Breakfast is ok if u like yoghurt, the concierge finishes at 8pm everyday, so do not expect any help with tours outings after that.   Across the road from Kensington gardens and the once beautiful Hyde park ( which looks like my back yard now when it's not mowed), yeah it's old, needs improvement and there are plenty of hotels in the vacinity which rate better, I cannot recommend the queens park hotel to anyone.   I will not be staying there again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"The hotel is in desperate need of updating, the walls are scuffed and filthy, the mattress was so thin we could feel every spring in it.  The room was the size of a broom closet. there is nowhere to put luggage. The air conditioning did not work properly, and the wifi is terrible.  There was one counter top style ice maker to supply the whole hotel.  It was broken on the second day we were there, and never fixed (all this while London goes through a heat spell.  The staff was indifferent at best, plain rude at their worst.  Overall far too expensive for this dump.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room/ rooms from hell,Arrived after booking on booming .com where room was presented as double with pictures After arriving finding the clowns of the desk had no idea where to park we were took to our room with every up and down coridoor looking dirtier as we proceeded to our broom cupboard room Asking to phone the manager after insisting this was not the room sent to us or advertised  Finally got to move to a bigger broom cupboard with a really unclean and tacky feel to the hotel If you are looking for hostel type accommodation then this is your hotel otherwise stay clear it's filthy unhigenic and claustrophobic so much so we have sat in a pub cancelled our second night and booked elsewhere If you want to be thoroughly underwhelmed by a hotel the this has to be the modern day faulty towers  Steve…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",comfy and cheap,"The rooms are small but we were only in our rooms to sleep so it didn't matter. The staff was very nice and helpful. Short walk to restaurants, pubs, train stations, and bus stops. Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. I didn't care for the breakfast but it is complementary so why complain? I really enjoyed my stay here.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,My one bit of advice - Do Not Stay In This Hotel.  It's dreadful and the ruthless owners do not deserve your money.  I feel so sorry for the staff that have to listen to all the guests complaints all day.,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable but with budget style service,"Reasonable location near Queensway Shopping,bus stops, Queensway & Bayswater Tube Stations, and Hyde Park. Paddington Rail Station about a mile away.  Room was slightly on small side but comfortable. Rates were good but had to pay for extras e.g. luggage storage.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Feel that I was robbed,"Poor hotel, double rooms are very very small. The money I spent doesn't worth for the type of hotel that it is, it was just too expensive for what is provided. At the check in, Miss Andreea was just super bored and sending text messages while we were in front of her filling the check in form at reception desk, rude and completely unprofessional. Mobile phones shouldn't even be allowed at reception area !! No information about the hotel was given at check in time. We just had to fill a form, take photocopy of ID and go to the room, that was all. Went to room, washing my hands, the water just didn't go down, sink was blocked. Went out for dinner, when I came back the receptionist was again on her phone, this time wasn't even trying to hide the mobile. I don't know what kind of…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended at all,"Slept there 3 nights and not value every single pounds...only outside look a nice place, but inside Room small Floor noisy when walk Bed uncomfortable​ Breakfast not good service customer not answer your questions  I'm trying to get them because i forgot something important and after many email i don't have answer.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Yuk yuk,Quite possibly one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. Miserable staff on arrival.  Very small room with the worst view ever. Landings are poorly decorated. The whole thing looked shabby. And a vile musty sweaty smell.  Rooms small damp and musty smelling.  Horrible atmosphere. Didn't stay for breakfast.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not so cheerful!,"Cheap but not so cheerful! Lack of attention to detail. Very basic. Good location for the price. The staff appeared to be a bit of a mixed bag, don't think they enjoy their jobs. This is one of those where, you get what you pay for!",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"Stayed here for a long weekend with my husband, the reception staff were lovely & very welcoming!! The rooms were very basic we were in a room in the basement where the window didn't open & it looked out on to a brick wall we were lucky that the air conditioning worked as for the size of the room it's Tiny more for a single person defiantly not for couples especially the bathroom you could hardly move in it!! The breakfast was ok very basic & unorganised as for the staff in this area they were very rude & ignorant!!!  The one thing about this hotel is it's in a good location close to the underground & some lovely restaurants & pubs other than that I wouldn't stay here again especially for the price of a nights stay!!! ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Room too small, anomaly with pricing","The room had 3 beds but really should only have 2 at the most, bathroom like a cupboard. Clean though. The breakfast room was too small, overcrowded and stark cafe atmosphere. Tan anomaly with pricinghere was ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good value for what you will pay to this hotel,"Pictures on their website, Agoda, booking.com are old photos, and reality is far from what you can experience. Breakfast buffet needs tags. There is no tag at all available, and it is quite a basic standard to meet. Everyday same food for breakfast. Newly done rooms are ok but too small and bathroom tiny. Elevators are not working properly. Hotel public area like the lobby and walkways could be a bit cleaner. When I came to the hotel one night around 1 am I found the night duty staff sleeping downstairs elevator waiting area on a sofa. So question around safety. Not recommended for couples of anyone visiting to have a real time. Perhaps a transit one night stop is what this hotel could be used. Better to stay at the Queens Central Hotel just opposite this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen Park Hotel,"Well, we showed up to get our rooms and the hotel did not honor our specific reservation of twin beds.  I specifically bought the twin bed option with Expedia, but they said they did not have it in the reservation, even though it was right there when I looked at the paperwork.  After 1/2 hour of Expedia on the phone with them, we were stuck with a double bed in 4 of the 5 rooms we booked as twins, and we did get one twin room.  The hotel rooms were small and sparse.  The beds were not very comfortable, and there was no air conditioning.  We were lucky to be able to crack our window a little before it hit a bar across the window, but my sons were not so lucky.  Their window opened to an enclosed brick wall that had tons of crap and a bad smell, so they keep the window closed…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grotty,The pictures didn't match the reality hotel room. There were of-putting dubious hairs in the bathroom. The Television remote was on the floor in two so we could not watch the T.V. The breakfast was okay but not overall good. The hotel needed a bit of TLC and cleaning. I wont be staying here again.,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"Worst hotel I've ever been in, disgusting features, service was horrible and just a dirty place in general. The pictures are so deceiving, will never step foot in that place again. I advice anyone looking to go here to find an alternative.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Scruffy,Just spent 2 nights in this hotel.The location is ideal for travel in and around central London. But thats the only good point.The Hotel is very scruffy with ill fitting carpets that are heavily stained and frayed. Walls have stains on them and holes that have not been repaired.The rooms are tiny and very very basic. Would not stay here again and would not reccomend it. During my stay i met other couples who shared the same views as myself.Overall a shabby tired hotel that needs a good coat of paint /clean.😕,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad day,"This room is very sma and it,s different from the review from booking. Com and I am disappointed for this because I like to be convenience not to be incovenience. This is not to good and I'm disappointed ",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend,"Me and my partner stayed here for my birthday weekend and after seeing the photos online we were very excited to stay here. However our excitement soon disappeared when we got there.  We paid just over £200, decent for London prices, however our room was located in their basement!!!  Our room was very very small!! It almost felt claustrophobic. We were given 4 towels however one was placed inside the shower and was soaking wet? The bed was comfortable but thank god they provided a fan!! At night the room was disgustingly hot, it made it very uncomfortable to sleep in, even with a fan. We weren't able to open our windows, which made us feel like we were in a prison.   Breakfast was a nightmare!!! We couldn't bare the pushing and shoving and the cold food, the whole experience was…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Two sisters on a theatre visit,Despite some poor reviews we had a clean twin bedroom with a very clean shower room. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful.The breakfast was fine. It was a buffet and like many higher rated hotels was plentiful with a wide variety ON offer.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel for Malaysian visitors in London,"I had a one night stay at Queens Park Hotel Bayswater checked-in on the 23rd of May before moving to Westminster. It's a nice hotel and breakfast is included in the room rate. Do not bring huge luggage as the hallway is very narrow with level floor. Wifi is not included, you have to purchase at the reception counter at the price of $2GBP per hour. The room is petite with attached bath. There is a TV with very limited channels. If you wish to go elsewhere, there are 2 underground stations located just a couple of blocks from the hotel and Queensway station will bring you to the central station that connects with other underground tube. Why I said good for Malaysian visitors is because it is located just opposite to the Malaysian High Commission and Malaysia Hall where I had a…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London marathon ,"I pre booked rooms back in November last year, as I was competing in the marathon. Mixed reviews made me think twice, saying that when we arrived the front of house were very pleasant and the rooms were clean and tidy. We were on the 4th floor, We did however have to swap a family room as the window latch was broken and we had a 3yr old trying to open the window which was perfect height for her, saying that the staff were extremely helpful and moved us straight away to another family room in the basement which was very nice. I would be happy to stay here again as the location was fantastic. In need of modernisation but very pleasant stay. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Very disappointing, a low rate hotel which does not match the website","I spent two nights at this hotel and it was a huge disappointment, especially as this is not a cheap place to stay, two nights for a single room came in at well over 200 pounds. From looking at the website, I thought I would have a luxury stay in a really nice hotel. As soon as I walked in, it was really disappointing and the reality certainly does not match the impression on the website,   There was no greeting straight away from the women on the desk, at other times, there were papers on the front desk and they were more interested in their paperwork than you as the customer. The whole hotel is tired and run down. The rooms are poor, with marks all over the walls and very basic amenities. For example, no little bottles of shampoo etc, but pouches, so felt 'very cheap' I would…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish hotel,Rubbish hotel should be a 2 star staff ok but didn't ask how was your stay as I think they know the story... Breakfast like a refugee centre to be honest...Rooms are a disgrace. Picture on the web a joke not the same hotel..It's a complete rip off stay a mile away from it,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,Was there for the London marathon. We were greeted by a miserable face at reception and then had to cram our bags in the tiniest lift ever. We arrived at the dingy basement where there were two old sofas infringement of the lift. Went to room and were shocked by the scuff marks on walls and stained flooring. The view was a dirty old wall. The TV was tiny and wifi was extra! Breakfast was ok if you don't mind eating on a table with no tablecloth. Needless to say we will not be returning.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not SO bad, totally OK - for all of you that are worried","I was really worried about staying here, after having read the reviews. I am VERY picky when it comes to hotels to stay at, and I traveled with a group of people and I hadn't booked the trip.  Having said that, I find it important to give my view on the hotel, because I actually thought it was all right. The reception looked fresh and neat and the different staff during our stay was always welcoming, helpful and nice.  The corridors are as people say - VERY run down, with a dirty carpet and well... it's in bad shape.  The room however (We stayed in 104, with four beds) was really OK. I will absolutely not stay in a hotel that is dirty, and this passed my test. Our bed was comfortable and very clean. Our bathroom was fresh and with an OK standard.   Yes, it looks a bit run down…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful at beginning,"Arrived, booked on booking.com. Room was nothing like the picture. Double bed was pushed up to the window, not enough room to swing a cat. Made a complaint and they upgraded us, it appeared we had been put in the old part of the hotel, when we were upgraded, the room was much nicer. The stairs are a nightmare, and the logistics of the hotel are bizarre. Twice our room key did not work, so we ended up calling a porter to help us, and sat outside the room waiting. We asked a cleaner to assist us and she spent the time cursing under her breath. However breakfast was ok, and the two ladies on the front desk were really helpful and friendly.  Hotel is ok, if your just sleeping there,which we were as we had a day out in London. Do not pay for the wifi.. it doesn't work, use hotspot…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont book this hotel ! Big scam !!,"The guy of the morning réception was really unpleasant !! The pictures of the web site wasn't in reality with what we had. Big scam about this hotel, the only nice side was the quarter !! The wasn't a room, it's was a cellar room, horrible hotel !! ",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel...,Was fine. Room was very small and too warm. Breakfast wasn't so delicious. No any fresh to eat. But maybe that's British way. First time there.  Price and quality doesn't match.  Hotel workers was very friendly. ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting London with Finnish Friends,"The Hotel was well located,Breakfast good ,but there it ended.Our room was on the lower ground next to lift,window at street level needed curtains closed when in room, very small room carpet shabby,paintwork need refreshing.when we checked in to the room @ 1600 the television did not work, reception contacted and they said they would get a maintenance member to sort it,whilst waiting for this to happen we went to wash before going out to eat and found the plug in the sink did not work plug could not be removed so water could not be drained,once again contacted reception  1730 to be told again maintenance would be told. Left hotel at 1800 still no maintenance visit. Next morning discovered Shower fitting was broken and towel rail had been repaired with a piece of sharp…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",S'all relative of course.,"I judged this hotel to be very good, which it is, in context i.e. the budget hotel sector. It misses most of the added cost facilities which larger hotels provide. For example an ability to order a newspaper or be able to change a £50 note at reception. That said, it's an excellent value business which tries really hard to please. My £54 single room, with the worst view in Bayswater, was clean, had all facilities, including a powerful shower and was quiet. True, I couldn't have shared it with an anorexic moggie, but my perversions don't lie in that direction and did I say IT WAS £54?? In Central London?? Breakfast was terrific too, in variety, quantity and quality and I never saw an unsmiling member of staff at all levels. So, only compliments from this guest, who will return.…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel.,We visited for 2 nights 9th until 11th of April. The first room was small very tired with now windows. So no natural light. Dirty carpet with holes in it. Scuff marked walls. No air so a fan was provided in each room.  Mould in bathroom with need complete refurbishment.  We complained and were moved the next day to a small room with a window but again very tired and the beds although clean linen were hideously uncomfortable.  I know we were in the city so easy to get to places but quite frankly I was embarrassed as a visitor as to what the foreigners must have thought.  Disgusting and down right dirty. ,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously overpriced ,"I wouldn't stay here again!! There was a horrible smell that came from the bathroom sink especially the more you ran the tap. There was a link on the hotel site stating they had room service including a link to the menu, but surprise surprise when we go there, there was no room service. I saw a staff member at breakfast be EXTREMELY rude to a guest unnecessarily.   The only handy thing is the location and the breakfast is decent. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room Is Suffering The Death Of A Thousand Scuff Marks.,"Never stayed here before, late booking for me, took it as in the area I prefer. The apparently posh foyer belies the rest. The corridors are very narrow and very hot. Carpets are nearing end of life with rucks trying to form. Asked room prep staff for extra tea / coffee etc., supplied no problem with a smile. Room small ( very ) but adequate. However, due to size and they squeezed every available room out of it, I have never seen so many marks fron bags etc. on the walls of any room I have ever stayed in. Room also hot. Windows open onto light well, pigeons noisy in morning.  Bathroom ok, just slight areas could do with better upkeep / cleaning / grouting. Single pillow - poor. Breakfast busy self service affair, no bacon due to cost presumably, cheap tasteless sausage, ditto…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice,"Stayed as part of a theater deal. This is my second visit here and have enjoyed both. Lovly clean rooms plenty hot water clean sheets comfy quite bedroom. Buffet all you could eat breakfast was fine, would have liked a choice of egg styles as there was only scrambled. But hey not a big deal. Staff all very friendly and polite so would defiantly stay again. Paid £130 for hotel and theater deal so its a barging for London. Popping out a nice run now as Kensington gardens/ Hyde pard 100yards away.  A+",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or345-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good Location -close to Hyde Park. 2 Tube stations within 5 mins walk. Local bus stop with in 5 mins walk. Rooms are small, bathroom very good. Breakfast ok with cooked sausage,beans,scrambled egg,mushrooms, also croissants,toast. staff friendly/helpful with knowledge of local area and bus/tube routes.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or345-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I will never stay there again,"An over priced very tired grubby hotel. (Booked through www.booking.com !! )The room was almost claustrophobic. So small that there isn't even room for the suitcase. Every corner of this hotel is in need of refurbishment. I've asked for a better room, but was denied.  The breakfast is VERY basic with warmed up tinned mushrooms and low quality sausages. No bacon, no meat slices, no fresh fruit or fresh yoghurt. No magarine just butter. Scrambled egg only which where bland and tasteless.  All the hotel owner is after is your money with giving back as little as possible in return. The owner of this establishment is just ripping people off.  There's only one good asset in this hotel. .. The hard working friendly staff.  Come on Owner of this hotel!  Sort this mess out, give your…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or345-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Okay hotel but really needs a makeover,"Stayed here for 3 nights, we got a fairly cheap deal considering the location of the hotel and everything. The room was a reasonable size. The bed was very uncomfy, the springs dug into our backs and made lots of noise with slight movement. We also had to request more pillows as we were only given 1 each and they were paper thin. The bathroom was fine but the bedroom carpet was frayed and coming apart from the walls. The TV remote didn't work properly, the curtain was slightly broken and the windows are single glazed and let lots of noise through. The room upstairs had a creaky floor too so we could hear every little step! The breakfast was dissapointing, as a vegan there was only the option of beans on toast (no butter or spreads I could have) the juice was watered down so much…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or345-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Needs huge make over.,"The hotel has a very good location aswell as friendly staff, but that's about it. It's in dire need of a huge makeover. There were marks on nearly every wall,uneven floors, dirty lifts and as for our room, it was so small with again marks all over the walls and dirty bed sheets we asked to be moved. We were told that all rooms were taken, but the staff were polite and gave us extra pillows and got the bed sheets changed. At breakfast we found like many others that there was no bacon or fried eggs (odd). But apart from that it was good. I feel a bit let down about our stay as this was part of a 50th birthday get away.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or345-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice stay, but could be better!","Hotel is located on a side street to Hyde Park. Close by are shops, pubs and underground stations. It's about half hour walk to oxford street.  There was 3 of us staying at this hotel. Myself, and two of my friends and we wanted and booked a triple room with out local travel agent. One of my friends that came had already stayed here before so we knew a little background on the hotel. E.g. No bacon at breakfast. Bit strange!  We checked in after waiting 10 mins at the desk. Staff seemed friendly and helpful at the desk. We were situated on the ground floor which was absolutely fine with us. However when travelling through the corridors the signs indicated that there were more rooms than we could see, which was a bit confusing.. we were located at the end of the corridor next door…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or350-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and what you pay for,Nice reception and pleasant welcome. Rooms are small and the beds are very uncomfortable- lumpy and springy. Room was very hot and you could not use the fan as it was so loud. Still it was clean and for ninety quid it cheaper in a nice area what more do you want,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or350-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff..run down hotel ,"My stay in this hotel was terrible from the start,I was staying for two nights here. When I arrived I was greeted by a rude receptionist who firstly tried to charge me double the price of the hotel. When I finally got to my room through the narrow corridors I was shocked by what I saw, the room firstly had a massive air conditioning machine just below the window which was very off putting, the beds moved with the slightest touch, the walls where filthy and needed to be painted,the floor was uneven and stained,the door had a gap about 1 inch in height at the bottom,the lights at the bed where broken,there was holes in the wardrobe. The only sockets in the room where right beside the door about a metre from the bed. Later that night I was informed I had to pay for wifi, the wifi…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or350-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"I was pretty nervous about staying her due to the many many bad review that people left .  I on the other hand had a lovely experiences, it is old fashioned and it does need a bit of a refurbished , but the room was clean , equipped, excellent shower , and the receptionist was a very welcoming and pleasant lady .  Had the worlds smallest lift 😂 You get what you pay for here , and I'd have no problems booking it again  ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or350-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so great,"Myself and a friend stayed here for 1 night for a business trip. The check in was very quick and efficient. We went up to our room and it was like a sauna! We had to sleep with the window wide open, in the middle of march, and this barely made a difference! The beds are very soft and not comfortable and the pillows are flat as a pancake. We got out of there as quick as possible in the morning. Before breakfast we had to go and stand outside for a while to cool ourselves down. Breakfast is very European, there is toast though, so we managed to eat something! I probably wouldn't stay here again through choice. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or350-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre trip,"Like other readers after reading other reviews we were very concerned as to the standards of this hotel. How wrong can we have been, on arrival we were quickly dealt with and were being shown to our room. Sadly it was to be room 11 up 4 flights of stairs. My hubby has bad knees and cannot do stairs very well, no problem the receptionist instantly got us another room on the 5th floor but with the provision of a lift. The room was small but spotlessly clean as was the bathroom. Yes the walls could benefit from a coat of paint but we were not there to review the decor. Breakfast was indeed buffet style but we knew that before we booked. The food was freshly cooked and of good quality and very tasty. At no point did we have to wait or ask for anything. As soon as something became…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or355-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",In dire need of TLC,"This hotel was chosen for its location (Kensington gardens and High St a short stroll away). It was for a girly weekend in London  with my Mum and sister for shopping and a show. We were appointed a basement room which was dirty, sparse and in dire need of lots of TLC.  The radiator didn't work which made for a cold room, the lock on the bathroom door didn't work and on two occasions were locked in. It was a triple room and to be honest all three beds would struggle to watch TV in the evening, too small for the room. The flooring (tongue & groove) was all spilt and foot pinching and it was generally in desperate need of a good clean and a painting. Despite bringing all these things to the attention of staff, nothing was tended to in the three days we were there and no offer of…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or355-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queenspark hotel,A very nice hotel at very nice location Good hotel and very friendly hotel staff Very delicious breakfast Easy to access by underground from central london. Queensway tube station is only a minute walking distance. Highly recommended,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or355-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, with affordable price","We stayed about 5 nights end last year (24th Dec - 29th dec) and I just love the location for this hotel. During the booking, we didnt choose the one with breakfast, however, the hotel allowed us to eat the breakfast freely during our stay without any charges.  The location of the hotel is very close to queensway station (red line) and right in front of the hotel, about 2 minutes walking distance, there is bus station that can bring you straight to oxford street.   the room is a bit small, but in London, it's already pretty good.   the best part for Muslim traveler like me, this hotel situated right in front of Malaysia Hall, which you can get easy access to Halal food and you can still perform the Friday prayer at the hall.   Wifi connection is chargeable, however, there's…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or355-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!! ,I picked this hotel for its central location and I would say that this was the only positive thing about it.   I stopped with a group of friends and was really embarrassed that I had managed to book such an awful hotel. The staff on reception would benefit from having a training session on customer service.  After checking in we made our way to the dark and dirty little room. The beds where awful so springy and awful they did not have a mattress topper which I would say is essential. I was shocked when my friend pulled back his duvet and found a yellow stain.   I could go on and on about how dirty it was but just read the other reviews. I would never go back again to this hotel. I left feeling very dirty.,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or355-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I didn't really like the room to be honest down in the basement, room was really hot. If you are a couple except there to be 2 beds not one double one. Was excepting a double bed for me and my partner. The view was horrible wont go back to the hotel",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or360-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre trip,Very basic hotel. Good location with bars in walking distance and 5 mins from Hyde Park. Can't knock the location and it was reasonably priced. The hotel is shabby and dated and the food served for breakfast was poor quality but you get what you pay for I suppose. ,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or360-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Showtime stop,"After reading a few reviews on this hotel I was getting abit worried but on arriving it wasn't as bad as most people said. We arrived too early for our room but they let us store our luggage so we could go for a wander,Hyde Park is only 200 yards along the road so we went for a stroll. When we booked in the staff were very friendly and our room was on the 1st floor,the corridors were very narrow and floor alittle uneven but the didn't matter and our room was also very small but comfortable and warm. We asked for more pillows and they were brought up immediately my only bugbear in the room was the sink plug when put in could not find a release to open it to let water drain out. At breakfast I was a bit disappointed as I didn't feel there was adequate choice on continental style…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or360-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal hotel for centre of london,"We stayed As a couple at this hotel for two nights. Ok it's basic, and yes there was work going on right next door to us but you get what you pay for so we couldn't complain. Beds very simple, our mattress was not comfortable in normal circumstances but after traipsing around London, we slept soundly!!!!  Breakfast, again was basic but filled our tummies with cereal and fruit. Our room was clean as was communal areas.  Staff were friendly and courteous and I must say a special thank you to the concierge who is very helpful - you just have to ask - he has lots of knowledge of London. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or360-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better,We stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. The room was clean i'll give it that but we found the following faults... Numerous cracked tiles in the bathroom Blocked wash hand basin Only one half of the main plug socket worked Fridge not working Safe didnt work and staff didnt have a key for it Bed felt very old and on the verge of breaking Guttering leaking outside window Leaking radiator Fire doors proped open and no glass in them And the tv had very poor signal.  I would have fed all this back but no one asked if we were happy with our stay. We wern't in the room for long periods of time but when we were in there i would of liked things to work,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or360-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Rodents chewing away at things in the room. Very noisy guest till after 2. Poor quality sausage beans and eggs. Pay a bit extra and get a premier inn!!,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or365-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for the price,"The place okay, clean rooms, close to Queensway station, just needs to be refurbished. No variety for hot drinks and currently a lot of noise from construction works in the building. Plus you can hear people talking in their rooms.  Otherwise, great location.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or365-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",overnight stay,Stayed just for an overnight stop when we went to see wicked. Room wasnt the bigggest or the smallest. Small window which faced another window and i believe the back garden of a house. Walls needed a bit of paint since seen better days. However room and bathroom was clean. Didnt have breakfast so unable to comment on this.,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or365-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","My hotel when I visit London. Not superior, but good location for an affordable price.","I have used this hotel for the past 4 or 5 times I have been in London.  The short reason is the combination of low price, great location and acceptable standard in the hotel.   The staff is not rude, but they are rarely smiling either. It is rare that I have felt welcome at check-in. The rooms are fine. They are not luxurious, but not bad either. The rooms have been clean as I can remember. Twice I've been given a room in the basement, which I did not like. Breakfast is simple, a bit noisy, but good enough. Different types of bread, jam, cheese and honey is all I need. As well as some hot food (eggs, etc.). The location is exelent! I love to start the day in either walk or ride in Hyde Park to Marble Arch and Oxford street. 5 min walk to the Subway, and 2 min from the bus stop.…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or365-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Stay,"Giving this hotel a rating of 1 is quite generous. Upon arrival the staff were rude, firstly by informing us of a £20 deposit only after the room was paid for. Once we went up to the room we noticed numerous faults including the light hanging off the ceiling, and the walls having huge holes in them. The rooms looked nothing like the pictures advertised, small and cramped as well as the bathroom which had a sink which was practically on top of the toilet. The breakfast was satisfactory, again staff took little to know interest with the guests. I would advise not staying here.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or365-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Simply dreadful. Avoid at all costs,"I made the rookie error of not reading the TripAdvisor reviews of this hotel before booking, which I did via a 3rd party offer. The reception area is pleasant, and the receptionist was friendly. However from then on things went badly downhill. The room was tiny and very oddly shaped.  A queen-sized double had been squeezed in against one wall (so getting in or out of bed meant an entertaining exercise is climbing over one's partner). The decor was appalling. Scuffed and cracked walls. The in room safe was locked and, despite a call to reception, no one came to open it. The bathroom provided the entertaining opportunity to rest one's chin on the basin whilst sitting on the loo, and to admire the mould in the grout in the shower tiling. The hair dryer didn't work. However, the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or370-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The rooms need some serious refurbishment,"The rooms are small, (nothing new there for London). The carpets need re-newing. But the room was fairly clean and the bedding OK. The breakfast is strange as you can only have scrambled egg, no boiled, fried or poached. There is no bacon but there is Beef sausage. I can only assume they don't serve any Pork products. It is a budget Hotel but it could be much better with some money spent on it. The heating was OK. It is close to Queensway Tube so it is a fairly good location.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or370-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",TINY ROOMS,"Really too small rooms. If you need to work in your room, it's quite problematic - there is no enough space. For Internet you have to pay 10 pounds. For leaving your bag for few hours, 1 pound. All together, I don't know much about hotels in London, but I expected much more than this hotel can offer.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or370-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"The receptionist could have been nicer, the way to our room was like a maze, the room it self was ok, but the bathroom was very small, you could not even change your underwear in it, plus the bathroom glass window was broken. The breakfast was ok, not bad not fantastic. The only good thing about this hotel it that is cheap, and near the subway.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or370-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal if your just looking for lodgings ,On the other side of the road the hotel looked lovely exactly what I expected from London but on entrance to the hotel I felt I was in a youth hostel. At the front desk there was 3 members of staff one woman who appeared busy a man walking about and an other man who was just sat behind the pc looking available but when approaching him he came of as rude and then the woman came to check us in. Lovely lady very helpful telling us breakfast times how to get to the room and about the free cell phone that's in the room that we are welcome to use which contains free wifi and unlimited calls. Perfect.. going up on the new lift was fine and then we were greeted by a less than modern hallway we were on level 3 room 311. The room was small but appeared clean lots of things needed up…,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or370-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tidy and trustworthy hotel!,"Came for a night with my friend while staying in London. The room was clean and cosy, as was the rest of the hotel as well. We got a great last minute deal for the room so it definitely was worth the money. The breakfast was decent. Friendly staff.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or375-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worried before our arrival,"Having read some very bad reviews after we had booked & paid for this hotel, I was a bit nervous on arrival for our five night, long weekend stay. BUT the place was fine. Welcoming staff, pleasant reception area. Bedroom was more than adequate. Yes, the upstairs corridors were winding and the floor boards creaked but it is an old building and has had much modernisation. Several fast lifts to all five floors. The place was buzzing especially at breakfast. Very convenient location - five minute relaxing walk to Queensway tube station on the Central Line. And out the front door, turn left, and in one minute you're at the northern hedge of Hyde Park.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or375-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",European trip,"Hotel needs to be updated, enjoyed the breakfast except for the sausages. The staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel is conveniently located to public transport and reasonable price restaurants and not far from Hyde Park. This Hotel offers value for your money when compared with other hotels in the area. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or375-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",immonde !!!! Dirty !!!,"DIRTY !!!!!  VERY SMALL !!!! Forget that hotel!!!  Never seen an hotel like that one ! Cleanless, everything is broken, ""bed"" is also broken ! 85€/night is too expansive for what we got! That's not an hotel !",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or375-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",dissapointed,"we booked this on the looks and info from web site, big mistake we arrived and going to our room the walls looked marked and stained definitely needs a paint job. our room was the smallest I've ever seen and very hot. we opened the window on to a brick wall so no air in the room at all . bathroom small ,shower rubbish. we were planning on being out all day which was a good job if we were spending any time there we would have either changed room or hotel. Not recommended",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or375-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good service but sadly dated hotel.,The first room was so small my friend asked for us to be changed as it was like a broom cupboard. They did change us without argument to a slightly bigger room in which the tv had a white line down it but still watchable. There were no window views just walls in the two rooms we were in. The decor was dated and shabby. The service was ok though and  the staff were polite. The breakfast was average but the layout was like a cafeteria.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or380-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very clean comfortable room,"Contrary to some previous comments, we had a very comfortable one-night stay recently as part of a theatre break package. Very clean bedroom and bathroom and good breakfast with plenty of choices to suit most tastes. Only 5 mins walk to tube and Kensington Palce Gardens just across the road. We normally stay in 4/5 star  hotels but this fitted the purpose and we had no complaints.  Staff we encountered were very polite.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or380-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dingy basement room,"I had the misfortune to spend two nights here on business this weekend. We were down in the basement in a long thin room. The window was small, with patterned glass so even if I did want to look outside I couldn't. It was an old sash window that had seen better days and let in a terrible draught. The room was also close to a ventilation outlet so we had the noise of that constantly.  The bathroom had dirt caked onto the grouting of the floor tiles, but at least the pressure of the shower was good!  When we returned to the room on the second night there was a strong smell of sewage as though the drains had been overwhelmed.   I won't be going back here and if you like a restful nights sleep I wouldn't recommend at all.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or380-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better To Avoid,"Staff at the front desk was polite but the rest is needles to talk about. Room was OK, cleaned daily. Breakfast was terrible, tinned tomatoes, mushrooms and awful sausages. The biggest surprise was that I was charged for luggage stored in the luggage room prior my departure.  This is a ROBERRY!",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or380-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID at all cost! Stay Away from this Hotel.,"Worst Hotel we have ever stayed in!!  No free Wifi, Tiny and Dirty rooms, Poor breakfast choices. Staff were the worst we have ever come across rude is an understatement no customer service. Very poor English very hard to understand. When we arrived we booked though Booking.Com so the first prepayment had been already been taken but when we went to pay for the room they wanted us to pay the fee in full again. The fee plus what we had already paid. We refused and told the staff we would only pay the remaining balance after a 5 minute long argument they eventually agreed. However when we passed through the reception the day after we overheard the staff explaining to another couple explaining how they had taken the fee twice and they would refund the couple within 5 working days. …",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or380-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Midweek break,On arrival reception staff friendly room was what we paid for basic needed extra pillows they were a bit flat but the room was clean warm and comfortable didn't go down to breakfast but looked ok the hotel itself is away from centre a good 20 min walk to Marble Arch  the walk through Hyde park was lovely .,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or385-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Won't be Coming Back,"Not the greatest place I've stayed. I've stayed in better 3 star hotels. ""Generally"" clean but in very desperate need of room interior update. Room was very small with a very uncomfortable mattress that felt like i was sleeping on bricks. Only one pillow per person and even they weren't very supportive/comfy. Asked for another pillow to be told they had none left. Not quite sure what kind of a hotel doesn't. Bed was on wheels and kept moving further away from the headboard every time you moved in bed. Scuff marks on many of the walls which made it feel dirty. Leaky shower that spilt water on to the bathroom floor. Staff were generally polite but weren't happy to go out of their way to accommodate your needs. Only saving grace was the breakfast. Overall, not a great stay and…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or385-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible stay, tiny room and rude staff","We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and the entrance looked very nice, however we were incredibly disappointed when we got to our room! Absolutely horrible! Worst hotel we stayed in out of the 4 countries we visited!   We firstly couldn't find out room through the maze of narrow corridors and up and down the uneven floors and stairs! When we eventually found our room it was just big enough to to fit a three quarter bed, table that falls apart when you put anything on it and chair. The bathroom was so small when you sit on the toilet you can use the basin and open and close the door as well. The shower was a decent size but the shower head is not the centre of the wall so you have to squash up against the wall to use it.  The hotel charges you for wi-fi!!!!! An absolute…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or385-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Stay away from this ""hotel""","This is the second time here and I wanted to re-try this as I always give a second change ... but I made a great mistake.  They say they are a 3*** but this is the worst place I've ever been in hundreds of travels to London ... worse of the worst hostel.  The location is good and breakfast is acceptable too.  What makes this hotel absolutely unacceptable is the rudeness of the staff.  They're bad mannered, not trained to customer service, completely unfriendly and not accommodating at all.  The fee shown on the internet is low as they then charge for everything ... every single breath, from the internet )very expensive) to few minutes of early or late check in/out.  The house keepers simply ignore the ""do not disturb sign"" and they keep shouting and knocking at rooms' door with…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or385-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"We ended up in this hotel as part of a buyagift theatre break package.The staff were all very friendly and polite so no quibble there.As I had already looked at the reviews I wasn't expecting much therefore was not disappointed to find the room was the smallest room we have ever stayed in.The carpet had an iron mark that someone must have used the floor to do some ironing.The walls were pretty scuffed too.The sheets were clean though could have done with a second pillow.The breakfast was adequate, as we wanted to get out asap we arrived for breakfast at 7am the staff were still putting out the food but that didnt stop a group of American woman trying to fill there plates with as much as they could ""getting in the way""! One night was more than enough to stay here would not…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or385-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mon-Fri Trip to London,"Pros: Hotel is in a fantastic location with 2 train stations nearby (walking distance), the rooms are absolutely spotless and the beds are super comfy.   Cons: Rooms are very small with very little storage space. Hotel and rooms could also do with a refurb. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or390-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unspectacular,"We stayed in this hotel for 7 nights. There were many things that disappointed us. They did not have our room ready the first night. As a result, we were all separated and scattered into different single rooms throughout the hotel. The key to one of the rooms did not work. Around 2 am, there were kids running through the hallway for an hours, shouting and slamming doors. The front desk did nothing about this. In addition, the front desk called me at 7 am as an alarm that I never asked for. On the second day, we had to recheck-in to our room. The window did not shut fully and the bathroom was very small. Over the course of the week, I had to exchange the keys several times, because they constantly would stop working. Upon check out, we wished to leave our luggage in storage. This…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or390-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good if you only need it to crash at night,"I was worried when reading the reviews after having booked this hotel which I bought as a package along with my flight ticket. I stayed there for 10 days, yes the single room was tiny, tiny single bed, but there was a tv I never really watched. The room served its purpose which was just to shower and sleep after doing some serious sightseeing in London. The annoying thing was the creaking sound of the floors every time anybody walked along the corridor and that wifi wasn't available in my room. Staff was always polite as well as the housekeeping staff who cleaned the room everyday. The location is convenient, it's close to the bus stop and underground station. It's not the Hilton but it's not that terrible either. Just good enough to crash at night.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or390-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap Hotel, good location with ample breakfast","Stayed in the Queens Park Hotel in Dec 2016.   This hotel had been partially refurbished.  Nice new/clean entrance hall/ reception and also dining area to the left.  Some new carpets also.  Other hallways looked a bit old/tired but, you can only redecorate a few areas at a time whilst being able to keep the hotel operational.   This was a cheap 2 night stay (you get what you pay for, so I can't really complain).  The room was adequate albeit, that it needed a lick of paint.  Very clean beds, tea/coffee making facilities , hair dryer etc. available, in room.  Excellent power shower in the ensuite.  At breakfast there was a good variety of food (u would not go hungry).  If I had to focus on a negative point, it would be the reception staff, who were rude at times but, I think it…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or390-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I expected-Horrible,"Even though the location is good and close to Queensway Station, the rooms are very small nothing like in the pictures. The breakfast is very poor only has a few things to eat, plus there is no Wifi provided by the hotel. Only certain rooms have wifi otherwise you need to pay 10 pounds and no connection in the rooms. I was disappointed by the staff not helpful at all. I would not want to stay at this hotel again because it has more stars than it should have!",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or390-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"Staff are rude!  Cleaners went through my bags and starting to hide all my things. Bathroom was rotten! Fridge and cooker that was provided in the room was falling apart, it didn't work! Breakfast was awful, went down twice as we payed for bed and breakfast, and couldn't eat any as there wasn't enough food for the guest!  I will never been returning to this hotel!!!",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or395-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump!,"Decent location for Hyde Park, however, found reception staff rather rude.. We were charged twice for our room and simply told we would have to wait five days to be refunded (2 days before Christmas, so not ideal). Room was horrible, sheets were clean but everything else rotten. Not enough offerings at breakfast. Never again!",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or395-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre Break,This hotel could best be described as adequate! The bedding was clean and bathroom ok but the whole room was scruffy - walls and carpets needed a good clean. There was a phone in the room but it was not plugged in as the socket was broken!! The early morning alarm of breakfast food being wheeled past the fort began at 6.45am!! Speaking of breakfast - well it was minimal although it did say on website choice was limited!! Would not return there are far better hotels in London for the money!!,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or395-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not plan on staying here a second time,"Small hotel with spotty lift service. Not all the rooms are directly accessible by lift, which can be a hassle with heavy luggage. Not all the rooms can access wifi either, which I found out on my first night despite emailing in advance to check about wifi (the staff was kind enough to change our room to one with wifi access, and it also happened to be bigger than the original). The bathroom is incredibly small, with potentially the smallest hotel sink I have ever seen. The carpets are sticky. There is also grime on the walls of the room. TThe wifi is quite the hassle; when you're on it, it's decent. The problem is that if you happen to let your phone go to sleep for 5 minutes and don't access the wifi, you need to re-log in; the process gets very tiring very quickly.  Hot…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or395-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!,"We decided to have a 2 nights break in London especially for the Winter Wonderland and some Christmas shopping. we found this hotel close to Hyde Park for a  reasonable price. the rooms looks nice on the website but the reality it's shocking.   The room was very small and very different from what we saw on the website. The carpets were filthy and stained. The walls were very,very dirty. The radiator didn't work so we used an electric one,tv remote very dirty and didn't work..we decided to go to reception and complain about the room..in our our way to reception we met a lady on the hallway who introduced herself as the head of housekeeping and she asked us if everything is OK with the room.i said no and I showed her how dirty the room was. she said that it's nothing to do with…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or395-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's alright for 1 night ,"Staff seemed helpful, they tried to stick us in the basement in a room with no window I requested a move to an upper floor which they did with no problems, new room came with a window, view was hilarious (please see attached photo) rooms are small walls a little dirty and need painting wouldn't wanna spend more than a night in this hotel personally but each to there own.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or400-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean,"If you want to brag and boast about your hotel you stayed in in London, don't stay here! But if like us you want a clean bed and bathroom this hotel is fine, we stayed for 2 nights. Hotel reception looks good then you go up to your room and corridor carpet is quite old and threadbare. Our room was clean but needed a lick of paint and was rather dated. Bed was clean and comfy enough for a short stay, bathroom although quite small was also clean. We had breakfast both mornings and that was good with limited choice but plenty of it to set you up for the day. Hotel adequate for a stay in London when you are out and about all day and its only used to sleep and shower in. Don't be put off by negative reviews after all you get what you pay for!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or400-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Its really good for the price,"The room was clean, beds made everyday. No problems with any staff or left luggage. Freeview tv.  Only real complaint is no bacon with breakfast. I suppose if we paid a lot more we'd expect a lot more.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or400-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"The staff couldn't find our bookings on arrival. When we were checked on our rooms were not on the same floor despite this requested. The rooms were small, stuffy and smelly. The carpets were filthy and looked like they needed a wash, chewing gum trodden in. The walls were covered in marks and there was a big blood stain, the room directory was unreadable, there was no trouser press as advertised, we requested an extra pillow and were advised someone would bring one in 20 minutes but it never arrived and the staff were rude on the phone. There was a large hole in the bathroom door, the hair dryer sounded as loud as a tractor, the wash basins were missing plugs, the power socket didn't work, the air con didn't work, and the walls were so thin you could hear conversations and…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or400-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be put off by reviews,"I was really worried about staying here as the reviews were awful! We stayed on Saturday evening as part of a theatre visit, one twin room and one family room! Whilst I wouldn't want to spend more than a weekend here, because the rooms were small, it was ideal for our purposes.  We found check in quick and easy, with the staff friendly and helpful. The choice at breakfast wasn't huge but it was ample for us and again the staff went out of their way to help us, which was very welcome as we had a very excited 4 year old birthday boy with us!  Much better than anticipated !!!  ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or400-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel clearly overbooked,"I booked this hotel through a comparison website. I received confirmation of my booking and the invoice. As instructed, I printed the voucher with our reference number to present for check in. When we arrived at reception, the staff was really rude, pretended our booking had been cancelled and that they did not work with trivago. I asked why their hotel appeared on the trivago website if they did not work with them. I was advised that I needed to contact trivago. I contacted the customer service who advised that on their side everything was in order and confirmed that I had correctly booked the hotel. They decided to contact the hotel directly. While I was waiting for a call back, the hotel tried to sell us a family room in the hotel next door where we would have had to stay all…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or405-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Low budget, crowded, dirty - but decent location","I was disappointed in this hotel, and my standards are, frankly, pretty low.  I want a clean and comfortable place, and this was neither clean nor comfortable.  The staff was not particularly welcoming - I asked for change for a pound note to use the vending machine in the lobby (yes, this is the sort of place that would have a vending machine in the lobby), and I was rebuffed with incredulity that I would even ask such a service.  That was typical of the ""please just don't annoy us"" approach taken by the hotel staff.  There was a mound of bugs in the elevator light fixtures.  The room had only one outlet, and the walls were smudged with god-only-knows-what.  There was, of course, no air conditioning and the windows had no screens.  Thank god we didn't have a pigeon visit us,…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or405-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend ,"Stayed here for 2 nights on a superbreak deal. When we checked in the receptionist said she would need to take £20 on my credit or debit card to cover any expenses during our stay, this would be refunded when we left. (There was nothing to buy in the hotel though, apart from crisps etc from a vending machine ) when we checked out I asked for the £20 to be refunded, I was told it would be refunded in  7-10 days!! I was not happy, I did complain but it was obvious nothing would/could be done, I will keep an eye on my account and make sure it is refunded. ! I'm not convinced it's legal for them to do this.  We knew the hotel would be basic as it was a cheap deal. The room was very cramped and shabby as was the bathroom . The shower cubicle was flimsy and had mildew in the grout…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or405-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for London,"Good value.   Staff professional and offer good customer service.  Check in and out quick and easy.  Small room, very clean with comfy beds - great nights sleep!  Only 1 pillow but asked for another each - no problem delivered quickly.  Very dated - tiny en-suite rooms but clean towels and toiletries supplied.  Free breakfast - not for me.  Really really  busy in very crowded canteen environment - self service - to many people pushing and shoving for me.  But, room good value so popped around the corner for smashing breakfast at Bella Italian.  Would stay again as a comfy clean bed and good location with easy transport access suits me be better than style over comfort.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or405-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",not recommended,"Cramped room, TV remote did not work, no plug in washbasin. Good breakfast in rather institutional room. Staff very rushed as rather busy. Good location, handy for buses and tube. We would not return again",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or405-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",shockingly awful!!,"Where do I start?? Upon arrival the property was quite pleasing, we had 3 rooms booked, two double and one family, when we tried too book in we were told that actually it was three double rooms booked and that if we wanted to be upgraded to a family room then we had too pay another thirty pounds per night on top of what I had already paid! I had made the mistake of paying upfront for the rooms, expecting that previous experience with booking.com would steer me well! how wrong was I?? The receptionist was rude and talked continually too her colleague in another language! So rather than leave the hotel with a seven year old in tow and have too look for another hotel we paid the extra 60 Pounds. upon opening the door too our room the automatic shutter came away from the door frame…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or410-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,"After reading the reviews on this hotel I was dreading stay staying at the Queen's Park hotel. I came here with my sister and our children both age 14. When we arrived the hotel was clean and check in was simple no problems. We were given our room number 1st floor room 104. When we got to our room all my worries disappeared,room was nice and clean bedsheets were very clean and room was really warm,we had one double bed and two single bed which were very comfortable. The room could do with a lick of paint but that's not a problem. Bathroom was small but very clean and towels were also very clean,plenty of tea bags coffee and milk. We had one pillow each and phoned reception to ask for more and we got more pillows without any problems. Breakfast was very basic but nice,very busy…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or410-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Spend some money on the property,"We stayed here for 1 night having been booked in via a virgin experience, it was just that. We were in a room with a double bed and a camp bed as we had asked for twin beds, the room was a little on the small side and there was no central heating, it did have a radiator which didn't work so they put in a small oil fired radiator. The windows are glass doors to the balcony and look like the originals (Victorian) with a large crack in them and they don't shut properly so you can feel the draft! The bathroom was excellent and obviously a later addition. Breakfast was limited, but the tea was hot. No we will not be returning and the other reviews are fair",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or410-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best hotel I've stayed in but... ,"It's London and it's cheap! Good enough for me! The room was super small, and the bathroom even more so. But I only stayed in the hotel for a few hours of sleep! If your plan is to visit London and only use the hotel for a night rest and breakfast (which was not bad at all!)... then I'd recommend it. Location is excellent. Near Hyde Park, Notting Hill and the Metro.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or410-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Used as an overspill when the Ambassadors Hotel overbooks,"Was shipped out there by the Ambassadors Hotel who concocted a load of reasons why they would not honour a booking I had made through Bookings.com two months earlier. Was shown a tiny room with a double bed jammed into it that is right behind reception.  Would not accept that this was unacceptable until I demanded that they order a taxi to take us 130 miles home.  Suddenly a room was made available back for the original booking we had made for the Ambassadors Hotel, and a taxi appeared straight away to take us back there.  We were told the Queens Park Hotel is ""a sister Hotel of the Ambassadors Hotel"" - obviously used to offload people on a regular basis as several guests came up and shook my hand for standing my ground - as they had had the same treatment of being shipped there…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or410-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Second time around,"We had a short stay at the Queens Park and I must say we are still impressed. Very friendly and helpful staff. we had a different room this time which was quite a bit smaller, but adequate. We only needed a place to put our heads down, clean shower and clean sheets. This we got. Staff were helpful and opened the kitchen for us to warm bought food in the evenings. Breakfast was great. Parking is an issue but I was lucky and managed to get a spot each evening opposite the door. I can only imagine that the people that give bad reviews maybe have bad attitudes to small issues and get what they give. we got whatever we asked for promptly.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or415-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Such a shame for the loation,"Considering how close this hotel is to the tube AND hyde park, AND winter wonderland, AND kensington palace, you'd think they'd have spent more on the basic facilities - but no. Such a shame, but considering we paid for this pretty darn cheaply, what did I expect? We encountered no issues with the staff, but the breakfast group looked very fraught due to every hotel guest arriving all at once (avoid 9am!). Just a quick summary: Our room, though tidy (credit to the housekeepers for that), was very tiny - bordering on hilarious!!  Our bathroom was in fact bigger than our room. Walls COVERED in scuff marks Items in cupboard had to be placed sideways, otherwise it couldn't close - so no room for clothes. Room was either sahara hot or artic cold - no in between. We could literally…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or415-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here.,"Obviously this is a budget hotel, perfect for a couple of nights in London (or so you would think!) However, I've stayed in youth hostels nicer than this place. We weren't expecting the Ritz but Jeeeesus from the minute we arrived the staff were rude and unhelpful with regards to an issue with the booking. When we finally got checked in after this mix up, we were put in a tiny, dirty little room which looked absolutely nothing like the pictures shown on booking.com, the shower head was broken, the bathroom was so small you could have probably gone to the loo, brushed your teeth and washed your hair at the same time. There were brown marks all up the walls and the room could do with a good painting. Only one pillow each, which is usually fine, however this one was virtually as…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or415-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No Thanks !!!!!!!,"We stayed for one night and was very disappointed looks nothing like the hotels website. When we got there they take photocopy of I.D and a £20 deposit this we were not told when booking. Also the room was very basic cleaning was bad e.g. windows dirty / walls and doors marked with something / writing table marked plus it had a cooker and sink in a cupboard that smelt of sick nothing was done after been told at reception / dirty pillows and itchy sheets. The lock on the toilet was missing so could not lock , like a rabbit warren trying to find the room. In the morning we came down to breakfast and it was chaos no tables to sit at the staff don't speak English so were confused NO BACON , MUSHROOMS SWIMMING IN BUTTER. ALL THIS WAS IN ROOM NUMBER 18. Booked double room got a so…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or415-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful!!!,"Greeted at reception by 2 receptionists chatting in their own language,kept waiting for 5 mins.Rude unhelpful ...great start...room really small and very strange smell...would not recommend this hotel,checkout nightmare ...staff do not know what customer service is clearly ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or415-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I would not recommend it! Awful!,The rooms were very small and the bathroom was tiny. We had barely space for the luggage. There was a gap between the floor and the front door so we could hear all the noise from the hallway. The internet costs 2gbp per hour and you can t even catch the signal from the rooms (ours was 3rd floor). An overall bad experiece. I regret not reading the reviews beforhead.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or420-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Does the job.... Kind of,"We stayed her for 2 nights before catching a flight. Check in was fine, however the reception ladies aired tension between them which we found slightly awkward and unprofessional.  Our room, number 11, was up 3 flights of narrow stairs, so with heavy suitcases this was hard going.  Room was big and clean, however we requested a extra pillow each. The receptionist assured us they would be bought up, 2 hours passed and nothing. We called again, and once again she said ok il bring them, she never did. The next day at reception we asked, the response was just "" ok"" no explanation or apology for the no show. Breakfast fine but it gets very busy.  Location good, not far from Notting hill.  Doubt would stay again as there is just no customer care.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or420-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate cheap accommodation near Queensway,"Needing a place in which to sleep for four nights during a short stop in London for editorial board meetings, I plucked Queens Park Hotel out of the Trip Advisor list, mostly because it was cheap and only a couple of blocks from Halepi, a lovely Greek family restaurant I discovered a few months ago during an earlier stop in London.  Mixed feelings.  Location is good: about 3 blocks walk from the Queensway tube stop (Central Line) and only about 4 blocks from the Bayswater stop (District and Circle Lines). Staff uniformly pleasant and obliging.  Price was only about $100 a night all in, with a quite decent warm buffet breakfast (eggs, sausage, potatoes) plus yogurt, fruit, etc, plus juice and coffee or tea.  Unexciting, but perfectly acceptable for a short stay—would get…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or420-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A Comfortable Stay,"My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in early November, on checking in I asked for a means to access the room safe and we were told a maintenance guy would come and show us how to work it, we stayed for around an hour in the room with no show and we weren't going to stay in all day so told the receptionist but they didnt seem all to fussed about actually doing anything to help us. The wifi is not free, infact it was ridiculously expensive and had time caps, I honestly think this was one of the worst qualities about the place, when you're in a foregin country roaming charges depending on your network can be really high and being a tourist on a short break you want to be able to best research places to go and use the time you have efficently, this felt like an unnessesary…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or420-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Run down hotel,Very poor quality the whole hotel req refurbishment . Only just classed as clean only thing going for it is its location.The staff are helpful but you cant make a silk purse out of a sows ear.Breakfast was a free for all and the coffee was awful.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or420-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Thumbs up,"Clean and neat room in basement area of hotel, surprisingly totally ok. Good bathroom. Clean. Friendly staff. Excellent location, near an underground station and close to hyde park. Also near a bus stop for the city circle bus tour.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or425-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but adequate accomodation.,"I suppose it depends what you want from a place to lay your head, but we found this hotel (B&B style) to be a warm and clean place to rest for the two nights we stayed. Yes it is in need of some TLC, the decoration is wearing in places, and some aspects of maintenance were a little below par ( one bedside light bulb dead, and part of the flush button missing on the toilet cistern) but there was nothing that would set major alarm bells off.  We had booked as part of a package including travel for two nights away to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary, this was a place to lay our heads overnight between visiting museums etc in London. The Hotel is easy to find from Queensway tube station and there are several bus routes passing the end of the road. We found the staff…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or425-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"This hotel is in a good location not far from Hyde park,and oxford street.the hotel is ok but our room no 300 was very small and needed decorating but it was only a short stay.Breakfast was good.staff very friendly.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or425-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",small room but good hotel location,"Room was very small and could do with a coat of paint, small but adequate bathroom, breakfast very basic. hotel location very good, near to Hyde Park. Some nice bars and restaurants nearby and not far from tube station.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or425-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hard mattress but amazing location,"A 1 night stay.  Great location: 15mins by bus to Kensington High Street, walking distance to Winter Wondered, close to Oxford Street, 20-30mins by tube to Euston station.  The receptionist Andreea was helpful & pleasant whist the other one was crude & abrupt. She quickly checked me in and sent me off to my room. Without even telling me that my double room was ""upgraded"" to a twin room. I chose not to take the upgrade because this was located at the Lower Ground Floor & I didn't like to be surprised with the twin room upgrade.  The bathroom was very clean.  There were two of each: shampoo, shower gel, soaps, body towels & hand towels and also a floor towel. The toilet paper was single ply but one would only use 5x more paper to avoid surprises.  The toilet was so close to the…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or425-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location basic hotel,"I stayed here with my husband for a couple of days to take in the sights, the hotel is in a great location, close to the tube, bus stops, there are plenty of shops bars and restaurants a short stroll away.  The hotel it's self is very basic, you couldnt swing a cat in the room, the bed left a lot to be desired, it was like sleeping on a rock.  The breakfast was good with a good selection of hot and cold items.  On our second evening we returned to the hotel to no electricity in the room, we had no apology it was like that for nearly 2  hours, by the time it came back on it was too late to do anything.   Overall the hotel was very basic, but you get what you pay for and to be fair we did not pay a lot.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or430-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unsuitable accommodation,"Room and facility not as shown on website. Room and bathroom very very small, no room at all in the bathroom , the shower cubical was extremely small, toilet was very close to the shower. The breakfast was very poor, no fried or boiled eggs no Bacon? Staff very unhelpful. I woul not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or430-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Second time around,"My wife and I had a short stay in London and chose to go back to Queens Park, the last time we stayed there we had fantastic service and a clean well presented room. This time was no different and although I had been watching the reviews and seen a few bad ones we were not disappointed. The room was a little smaller than previous, but all we needed was a clean bed to sleep in and a decent shower and toilet. This we got. The staff as always very friendly and helpful, opening up the kitchen in the evenings for us to warm food and giving us plates and cutlery to eat with. The rooms walls did have some scuff marks on them where people have caught it with a bag or their feet but it didn't cause me any discomfort, These rooms were last painted in 2013 so it is to be expected. The only…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or430-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",4-day stay ,"I visited the hotel with My mother, and 10- yearold daughter. The hotel was clean, and the staff friendly. Our first Room was not so nice, but when We asked to change hotels after the first night, they gave us a better one, so We stayed. The rooms were small,and the beds had Wheels so they moved around which made it hard to sit up and read a book, because you could not lean back. But even if you wanted to read in bed, there were no lamps except for the one in the ceiling, which made it impossible. Breakfast consisted of toast, jam, scrambled eggs, sausage, beans (no bacon, no boiled eggs). Canned tomatoes, youghurt/ milk and cereal. I believe there were some canned fruit as well. Coffee/Tea of course. For me, eating LCHF/ lowcarbfood, I had scrambled eggs and coffee, but would…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or430-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Best skipped!,This is a travelers nightmare as the rooms are damn small and the mattresses on the bed literally suck! If you want to hear your neighbors shenanigans through the night then this place is terrific. This place is literally thriving given the location in central London but would recommend checking for more options than freezing down on this one. Gave us a hard time!,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or430-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Quick break,"Booked for working break, worried when read reviews but place was clean and adequate. Room not over big but again clean and bathroom clean too. We had to be away before breakfast and staff let us get a coffee and cold food. Good location and would use again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or435-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, friendly staff ","After staying in a hotel across the way (central park) I can honestly say Queen's Park was like the ritz compared. Yes it's a little outdated but comfortable and clean. Enjoyed breakfast, there wasn't much of a selection but food was nice and hot.  Would stay here again ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or435-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we wanted,"I was really worried when i read the reviews on here about this hotel and was expecting the worst.  On arrival we were shown to our room and was really happy with it. It was very spacious and clean and had a mini kitchen in there. We had clean towels everyday and considering breakfast was free it was substantial. It had a good choice of cereals, croissants, toast, yoghurt, fruit and a selection of cooked meats and cheese. Tea, coffee and juice. The cooked breakfast consisted of scrambled egg, beans, mushrooms and sausage and wasnt the best but for nothing what do you expect. The hotel was very central and within easy reach of all the sites London has to offer. The only downside for me was, our room was above the laundry room and it was very noisy when they were collecting the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or435-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Badly in need of renovation,"We checked in after a long flight. The location is good and close to shops, restaurants, pubs and the tube. The first room we had was tiny with a tiny bathroom. It was in need of a renovation and the carpets outside were worn and filthy. Having lived in London, small rooms are expected so the room size was what we expected. We asked to move rooms the next day and the man at reception was friendly and asked us to be ready by 1pm. Someone came at 1pm and helped us move to a new room, off the kitchen. This room was large, airy, clean and looked recently renovated and had a view over the street, better than the last room which was a view of the brick wall and a pigeon! There was a small kitchenette with a fridge but it didn't work. We asked housekeeping about the fridge so we could…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or435-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN!!,"I stayed at this hotel for three nights and have just arrived home. I can hand on heart say this was my worst experience at this hotel and I will not be back. On checking in I was told the receptionist would show me where my room was, I explained that I had stayed at the hotel on many occasions but, she was adamant that she needed to show me where this room was.... Worrying... I soon found out why!! Lift to second floor then down some stairs along corridors and then down more stairs.. I stopped at the top of the second flight of stairs and refused to go any further, I stated that there was no way I was staying in a room that was in a basement and that I would never be able to find my way out again! Back to reception we went where she swapped my room with another guests (dear…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or435-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Utter rubbish ,"Worst hotel we have stayed in the rooms were tiny, carpet filthy,beds like concrete and it's a nightmare to find the rooms. No bacon on the menu for breakfast and when I asked the reception why they would not tell me. Fear of upsetting certain religions no doubt  AVOID AT ALL COSTS",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or440-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible horrible horrible,"The worst hotel I have ever been to. The staff were rude and arrogant, the corridors were extremely narrow with stairs everywhere. It was very confusing to go to the reception using the stairs, which were very steep. There was a huge gap between the door of the bedroom and the floor, also, the door was very heavy and made a lot of noise. The carpet was the worst part: it was EXTREMELY filthy, full of dust, insects and there was also a rotten raisin under the bed. The beds were INFESTED with bed mites, they were ripped and uncomfortable to sleep in. The room was very very very small, to the point where me and my friend had to put a table in the tiny closet to fit our bags in the room. There was about 3 inches between the bottom of the bed and the wall which was also very…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or440-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wasn't great ,"Me and my partner stayed in this hotel for a night and really wasn't impressed. It was my partners birthday so I emailed first and got no response so rang up prior to see if they offered any additional services i.e. Balloons cake etc and the lady said ""erm.. no we don't do anything like that"", within 30 mins later I got an email stating they did offer wine and a small cake for £45! Haha no Thankyou, rather go to Tesco instead and get something cheaper. Never mind.   The pictures show the rooms to be quite spacious..well. When we finally got checked in they said room was on first floor. First floor, this included going along corridors, up some more stairs and through other tight corridors before actually finding the room. As soon as we opened the door we laughed in shock, oh my…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or440-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Incredibly Uncomfortable ,My friend and I stayed at this hotel on arrival from Canada so we could see some of the city before heading out into the country.  I had a rental car and did not want to find parking in London so was careful to select a place which provided it.  I wanted Wi-Fi and easy access to the tube and the Westend. Wi-Fi is only available in the lobby.  And you are on your own for parking.  The rooms were old and outdated.  The shower did not drain so you stand in inches of water.  It was about 30 degrees in the room and the window does not open.  The fridge was unusable.  Breakfast was included and was fine.  Tube is close and access to the attractions is ok.  Staff were helpful.,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or440-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad,"Very poor, dirty room, was lied to by the manager, bed was like sleeping on a rock with about an inch of foam on top. Location is good but would stay in other hotels close by instead. The room was dirty Nd the window was one that looked onto a brick wall which was a foot away, hot and stuffy room. Avoid ",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or440-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice position,"If you are at london to visit the city, it is a very nice place to stay. You can take queensway station of central line because it's near hotel and you will be  in 5 minutes in the heart of London city.  Good breakfast and friendly staff... The only flaw is : NOT FREE WIFI :( ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or445-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen's Park hotel Bayswater,"This hotel certainly does not fit the description it has on the web page! 'Superior refurbished rooms' i don't think so..... dirty scuffed walls, the bathroom door is a dreadful, door into room has a big gap on the bottom, which they have tried to disguise with a draft excluder!  on a plus note the reception staff we're friendly. The hotel is in a good location, but will definitely not be returning!",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or445-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"Got a double room for a single person. It was near the kitchen though but the noise is rather minimal. Nice clean room. Even though there was no air conditioning, the fan suffice, but then again it is almost autumn, so the weather is rather cooling. Breakfast was standard continental. Staffs were friendly and efficient. Check in and out was a breeze.  Location is superb. Near bus stop for buses going into Oxford and Piccadilly. Walk a further minute from the bus stop, you have the Queensway tube station, another 2 mins of walking, you have Bayswater tube station.  Very near the hotel are supermarkets, 3 of them, many restaurants of which some are Halal, shops, bakeries and there is also Whiteleys shopping mall. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or445-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel complete disaster 100 per cent.,"What can I say about this rotten hotel? All I can say is that all reviews sent by persons who stayed at this rotten hotel is all true. I don't care what remarks will the management of this hotel do as always saying that they will try their best for a good service, shame on them. When we went inside the room 505A I could not believe my eyes. Very small room with a very small toilet/shower. All bathroom accessories all rusty and malfunction badly enough for my wife to get soaked wet when she opened the rusty basin tab.  Cannot keep proper balance when you walk with squeezing sounds all the time. Dust mites dominated the bed resulting that my wife became infected. all this is proved by the pictures which I am submitting.  Second day we found a new underwear shirt missing, we asked…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or445-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Spend your money somewhere else!,"There is only one plus, location. Close to the tube. Checked in got a room in the basement. No wifi. The bed was on wheels, so no chance of sitting in the bed with the back against the wall. The floor was falling apart. The wiew overlooking at stairwell and some garbage. The window  was relative small, so in case of fire there would have been trouble getting out of there. Had to walk over the wc to get out of the shower. Complained  on this room and got a new one day after. This room was in better condision. But wifi, well had some wifi. But only one could log on at a time! 10£ / day for wifi! During the stay wifi disapeared and i checked with the transmitter in the hallway, no signal.The recepcionist did not offer a refund or tried to fix the problem. Seems to me that some…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or445-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but not great,"Great price but just missing the mark on some basic features. Wifi is an additional cost but receptionist didn't seem to know if my room would have it. Request that you go to the room first to test the signal, then come back to purchase... there was no signal.  Walls heavily scuffed but other than that clean. Signage limited throughout so really easy to get lost from rooms to reception. Breakfast good enough but limited choice by 9am. Don't think I'd return. ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or450-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good price for convenient location,"The room was more spacious than I am used to when traveling in Europe. Still probably not ideal if you’re planning on spending a lot of time in your hotel room, but then again, if you’re going to do that, you’re probably going to want options that are higher end (and more pricey) than this.  Location is great. Hotel is <5min walk from to two underground stations, huge amount of restaurants and pubs (basically encompassing the entire breadth of budget-price human culinary achievement, from what I saw) within a 10min walk, and there are buslines down the block.  WiFi might be considered steep if you aren’t utterly dependent on it (it’s £10 for 24 hours, and you have to log in and out to conserve time). I was, so I didn’t see it as that bad, but your mileage may vary.  Staff was…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or450-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,A small hotel in a convenient location. It was clean and warm and staff was very friendly. Breakfast was ok. We will visit it when travel to London again because it is very near to underground station.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or450-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - but rather mediocre accommodation (average for budget London),Right in the heart of Queensway - loads of pubs and restaurants and very close to great parks and public transport. Unfortunately the hotel itself has seen better days and needs quite a bit of work. Small (and expensive) rooms are typical all over London however. September was warmer than usual and the (not air-conditioned) rooms were unpleasantly hot. Breakfasts are excellent - the buffet area itself is very congested but once you get to your table there is loads of room to spread out.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or450-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cramped and hot,"The location of the hotel is great. Close to Hyde Park, which is perfekt for a walk or a run. Close to the underground and walking distance to Paddington station. We stayed to nights in the middle of July. The weather where hot and since the hotel dont have aircondition in the rooms it gets uncomfortably hot. The rooms are small and a bit worn. Breakfast is okay, nothing special. Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful. Wifi cost too much!",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or450-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good for a couple of nights - clean, friendly budget accomodation","Stayed for a weekend in September 2016 whilst attending concert at the Albert Hall. Check in was easy with staff friendly, informative and courteous. Basic reception, no bar or restaurant, generally reasonably priced venting machines (although water was expensive?) Room was reasonable, nice bedding, hot drinks tray, opening window, modern well maintained furniture and comfortable bed. Above all clean: the bathroom was compact, well lit, no bath but good shower, with sachets of  toiletries.  No aircon, but well ventilated. Wifi was payable by the hour and when we arrived wasn't working when we arrived and we didn't bother checking after that. The hotel was in a quiet sheet adjacent to Hyde Park, 5 minutes from Queensway  which has many restaurants and eateries. It is a decent 20…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or455-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad really,"We booked two nights but through two different sources due to the nature of our stay (one night was part of a theatre break and the other was booked elsewhere to extend our stay). I had contacted the hotel in advance to make sure we could have the same room for both nights and this was duly arranged so top marks for that. However, they lost some brownie points when we got back to the hotel late on the second night and couldn't get into our room as the keycard Had only been programmed for one night. Shame.  Our room was clean and well presented although in our double room there were two single and one double bed. not going to question that although what I will question is how the hotel can expect four people to share a room but only provide one plug socket. One. And we discovered…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or455-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel,avoid at all costs.","Stayed here early in September,room very poor. Asked for extra pillows both nights but nothing arrived. Could not get a proper breakfast either day, most items no available. Hotel is very hot!. Staff are rude,abrupt and not interested.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or455-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"The location of the Hotel is really good, and the room was ok for the time spent. The breakfast was really bad, is very few options. Also the wi-fi was not free and even when I paid, couldn't get connection on the room, but they returned the money.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or455-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the 4 stars or whatever it is..,"Stayed here for 2 nights during my weekend away with my best friend. On arrival the women behind reception was sat on her phone, not very professional as a front of house member of staff. First impressions are the most important but obviously not here as the staff didn't really seem to care.  Anyway entered the room and it was a box very small, beds not so comfy very hard and only given 1 pillow. Very basic room, tea and coffee station provided but a few things missing. There was no bible in the room, what if I'm religious? There was no torch in the draw in case of a black out. No spare pillows in the wardrobe. Just small but important things are missing. The walls in the room need painting as they're all scratched over time. It was clean which is the main thing but it does need…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or455-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I have never seen a worst hotel!,Queens park hotel was ridiculous. My room was almost 10 Smetets and I didn't have space to open my bag. Room's window was looking to a wall and they charge me £1 per bag to watch my bags after check out! I will never stay there!!!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or460-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Top floor room,"I was a bit concerned having read the reviews (the hotel had been booked for me by a third party) but my room was about OK.  It had the advantage of being on the top floor so there was plenty of light and a view.  I just think that this place needs to have some money spent on it to raise its game.  As with many of these places it is the attention to detail that lets it down, marked carpets scuffed furniture.  If they went through it and gave it good cleaning and repair it could be so much better.  The walls were thin as I found to my cost with those in adjacent rooms talking until well into the morning - I mean about 4.00am.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or460-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"Arrived for one night stay, left luggage at lunchtime and completed necessary paperwork. Arrived back at midnight to be told that our 5 rooms had been the subject of a water leak, I am sure the truth was due to double booking, we were sent by taxi to Hyde park executive apartments, a sister complex. Reception took over half an hour to finally give out five sets of keys, believe me there is nothing executive about these apartments, the list of faults is endless. Staff at both venues rude and unhelpful.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or460-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I would never book with this hotel ever again,"In December 2015 I booked 5 double rooms at The Queens Park Hotel for a 1 night stay in September 2016; 9 months in advance!!   On arrival we were told the rooms were not ready and asked to complete the checking in forms.  We left our luggage at the hotel and returned back just before midnight feeling tired and exhausted having spent the day at Proms in Hyde Park to be told there were no rooms available because there had been a leak in the rooms; apparently a tap had been left on by another guest.  I questioned why we hadn’t been informed of the problem earlier, and why when I had made the booking 9 months in advance there were no rooms available. However we were told they had arranged for us to stay at The Hyde Park Executive Apartments, also owned by the hotel, located in the…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or460-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fine stay,"Stayed for two nights over the weekend,was pleasantly surprised by the hotel after reading so many negative reviews ,but cannot complain too much as I found the place charming ,comfortable and inviting.Room 100 over looking the street was fine nice clean bathroom and comfortable bed.Only complaints i would have is that isn't a hotel bar to unwind with a nite cap and maybe the cooked breakfast items may offer a little more choice but the food was very nice.The location is excellent with three tube stations close by.All in all I would return to the Queens Park Hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or460-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible little hotel,"This is a horrible little hotel, hot rooms and staff so busy they did not have time for you. The room felt grimy and old the curtains fitted where they touched. Bed linen was clean but we felt this was an old hotel that desperately needed modernising. If I am honest I feel the hotel portrays a better quality hotel than the harsh reality.  We decided not to stay for breakfast so can not comment on that but the reason was because the whole place came across very seedy. We forgot to look at trip adviser before we booked it, lesson learnt. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or465-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just ok,"+ descent room, proper space for the area, free but simple breakfast  - *10 £ charge for wifi that's only works in the lobby. Is it 2005? :-) *My friend never got the extra pillow he wanted. Small problem, but still. *Bad ventilation. 20 pound upgrade to ac *charge for bagage storage.  Anyhow, the vacation was great and the location is the best ! (Bayswater)",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or465-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",my 3rd visit!,"Great location, hence re-booking, but room was very warm, the heating wasn't on, and although I opened the window in the night I didn't really want to as I was on my own and my room overlooked the fire escape. Otherwise all ok, hairdryer and safe in room. Friendly staff. Decent breakfast selection but get to dining room early!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or465-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"This hotel seemed a little chaotic. Check in took thirty five minutes because of queues.  Room was small and overcrowded with beds  the rooms were overheated and there was no air conditioning. The hair dryer in my room began to smoke and burn when I turned it on.   The breakfast room was overcrowded, difficult to negotiate and a free for all with regard to getting your own breakfast  There was no bath in room but the shower was good.  Ok for one night but wouldn't use it again",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or465-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"Have paid less for far nicer hotels in London.  The pictures here are nothing like the room we had.  No carpet, one old bedside table and a bed, with no headboard, that slid around on it's wheels.  The TV remote didn't work even though someone had attempted to repair it with a sticking plaster!  The location is the only good thing about this hotel, being very close to the tube station.  I normally don't write reviews but people need an accurate picture.  I only needed a place to sleep for one night which was just as well as I wouldn't have wanted to stay longer. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or465-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Place To Rest Your Head,This hotel isn't my usual choice but we were going to Proms in The Park & Festival in a Day so needed somewhere inexpensive near Hyde Park   The rooms were very clean & the staff especially the breakfast & kitchen staff were very helpful   If you're looking for a hotel to pamper yourself in this wouldn't be the right hotel but if you need a bolt hole to sleep whilst in London then I would certainly use this hotel again. With this one word of caution our room was lovely but other guests shared with you that the rooms are mixed but staff are happy to move you if there is a problem   ,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or470-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 3 star hotel but a hostel!!!,"I booked this hotel as I needed a hotel near Hyde Park area. I managed to get what I thought was a special offer for a single room. The hotel is not far from Hyde Park. It is about a 10-15 min walk to Oxford Street. The nearest tube is Lancaster Gate (central line). The photos online make the hotel seem very standard. The sign from the outside of the hotel also gives the impression it is a standard comfortable hotel. It isn't. It is a hostel in disguise. There are 3 lifts in the hotel reception . 2 very old (1 didn't work) and 1 modern newer lift. They are very small lifts, so 1 bag and an adult and the lift is full. The room was disgusting. There were stains from varying sources on the walls, ceiling and floors. There was also a massive crack in the wall by the window. I think…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or470-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE.,"Wow only been in here 5 mins and its a dump.Reception is nice looking but its all for show like most things in London. Room tiny,bathroom tiny and there's a funny aroma in the air. We're booked in for the week but don't think we'll be here for that long. Don't do it book something else.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or470-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The room with no view !!! ,"We were transferred to this hotel as our hotel apparently was closed for a month for refurbishment when we were given our keys which was for room b107 the room looked nice enough until we looked out of our window which was as I can only describe as a store room full of boxes so couldn't open our window as we later found out our radiator was stuck on full heat and unable to knock off ,also we didn't know who could access this room full of boxes as the a/c didn't work as wouldn't work manually and no remote could be found just aswell there was 2 fans  in the wardrobe so this could of been an on going problem also someone previously must of been hungry as I had a half eaten pillow !!! , luckily it was only somewhere to literally lay out head for a few hours as not a place you would…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or470-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, vermeiden, evitare, evitar.","Location good for Hyde Park. A bit early for room but booked in and they had a luggage room. Great, no bags to lumber about. Arrived back after 23.oo tired and ready for bed. Nope, no room at hotel or for five other couples. My sister booked and paid for a family room for 3 people. Commotion proceded. Hurrah, we had a room. Booo, someone else was occupying it. Back to reception . No rooms left. Hurrah, we were given the wrong room number.... Poor chap at reception oviously did not know his numbers!. Booo, one pillow. Hurrah, 30 minutes later pillows arrived. Boo, no bedside lamps. Hurrah overhead one hanging off from ceiling. Boo, the other 5 couples sent to another Hotel. Boo, bulders were in. Breakfast... I am a full English. Tinned tomatoes, tinned mushrooms, scrambled egg,…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or470-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,Stayed for 4 nights.....had 3 different rooms.... Room 1--worse than the worse 18-30 hotels in Malia....requested to be moved. Extremely unhelpful reception staff  Room 2-- family room ..ok but we could only be in for 1 night due to be overbooking  Room 3-- well it was a cupboard...had to open shower door to sit on toilet...hairdrier blew up..couldnt unpack as no hangers. Bed broke.....was repaired by putting an ice bucket in place of the leg.  Room 4-- same as above but no ice bucket!!  All rooms extremely hot...given a fan in room 3 sounded like an aircraft taking off...  No one at reception seemed interested to help...even they didnt want to be there. Tried to speak to the manager on each occasion but was told he wasnt available.  Please please please avoid this hotel at all…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or475-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Holiday Visit,"We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in August, the outside of the hotel and reception were nice but we were disappointed with our room. The carpet in the corridor area and our room were very shabby looking, the room was very small for a double and the walls needed painted as they were all scuffed. We could not get the safe to work despite several visits from staff. The ensuite was small and the shower did not work properly. The breakfast was ok, but the dining room was very busy, staff were helpful although harnessed. The area is fantastic which we will definitely visit again, but we would not stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or475-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Stayed here as part of a theatre visit, luckily didn't need to make use of Hotel facilities other than to sleep as no bar, very small rooms - kettle didn't work in room and bathroom far too cramped - noisy outside from very early Sunday morning",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or475-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed.,"Spent a 2 night break in a twin room. First room at rear of hotel small, dark with a small window close to a brick wall. No air. Asked for room at front and given a room on 2nd floor. Smaller than first but had a  window which allowed air and lighter. Floorboards creaked and beds on castors. Needs a revamp as decoration and carpets tired. Beds clean and comfortable. Ok if you just need a bed to sleep in and price reflects.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or475-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Outside nice, inside awful",Dreadful hotel. Old building Rabbit warren corridors. Hot. Airless. Small rooms. No a/c. Staff pleasant & try hard. Facilites limited. Cleanliness not good. Dirty duvet. Hot water from cold tap.??? Apart from relative convenience there's no reason to stay there. Overpriced for what you get. Never again.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or475-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very average ,"We booked the Queens Park for a four day break in London , on arrival it was obvious the staff at the check in were not very competent and very inexperienced in communicating with guests . From the reception to the room the appearance was shabby , narrow corridors small rooms in  a desperate  need of decoration. The beds cheap and flimsy , the bathroom to their credit had been in near past re decorated but had no plug in the sink .  The breakfast area and furniture gave the impression of a cafe , although the English  breakfast was good the continental breakfast was sparse. For someone on a low budget who doesn't mind roughing it a little bit it's OK for a day or two. One plus point is that the breakfast is included in the price of the room,  not offered too often in London …",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or480-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but nasty,"1 nights stay with family... 2 x triple rooms to sleep 6 people was cheap for a bank holiday at £198.00 Quite a walk from the main central attractions being 2.5miles away. Queensway underground station is very close by. Reception area and frontage was misleading as although nice upon entering.. the rooms were very disappointing. Stains on the walls, tatty around the edges and certainly in need of a revamp.  If your looking for somewhere to simply sleep then it's OK, but for me I've always stayed in a branded hotel and thus certainly way off my expectations as a hotel. It's a shame really as is location isn't too bad. Certainly no parking here, but if you search the Google for parking I managed to find a car park close by for the duration on my stay. Would I come back here…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or480-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cosy hotel to stay,I stayed in Queen's Park hotel start of August with my parents . I booked 2 rooms with breakfast for really good price. Rooms has been clean and airy. Breakfast was reAlly good. Great locations and welcoming staff. Only minus been temperature of the room but nothing what I couldn't deal With. Definitely staying there again ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or480-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","“It was the worst place I've ever stayed in, and wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone ”","Absolutely nothing good to say about this place, it was the worst place I've ever stayed in, and would recommend future customers to book somewhere else. ""Absolutely Disgusting""  The Staff to start with were awful at the desk, they come across that even hated working there. The first room they offered us ""Absolutely Disgusting"" (Room No. G106) right next to the Hotel Toilet to start with, and the room itself was so ""depressing"" and ""dirty"" the walls were disgusting and in need of a good lick of paint. We asked to change rooms, and to the disappointment of the Manager at the front desk, he asked me what was wrong with the room, so I told him, and he just keep on shaking his head in disapproval. He gave me another room (Room 220) and the blood door of the room was sticking and you…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or480-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for!,"We booked this as a base to explore London for 4 days. We had two rooms a double and a twin. We had rang in advance to request these be near each other and they were next door to each other, behind reception. The rooms were an ok size and clean. The bathroom was small but ok.  Breakfast was good, just missing bacon. It was warm in the rooms on a night, however we did manage to sleep ok with the fan on. Overall for what we paid, we are happy with the hotel and will use it as a base for future London breaks.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or480-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Waiting for a table 20 minutes for breakfast!,"You get what you paid for.  Photo of hotel is misleading as there are about 4 hotels in a row, not  a small one. It would have got an average rating if we didn't have to wait for a table and then was told to share a table with people who didn't speak English!  Ended up not having breakfast.  Stayed in basement, luckily had air con. Room smaller than my bathroom!  Shower could only open door halfway.  Sink too low, telephone wire over wardrobe and had to stand in wardrobe to get to mirror to  use hairdryer.  Thank goodness it was only a base.  Posted photos of poor layout of room. Afraid to say we won't be staying again.  Suggest they have a booking system for 1/2 hour slots for breakfast.  7-7.30a.m. 7.30-8.00a.m. etc Only book as many as the breakfast room can hold.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or485-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not a place to revisit!,"This is a review I am late posting, as I was waiting for the Hotel to reply to my comments to them (allegedly their wifi is down). I stayed for 2 nights 7th -9th July to attend a function at Olympia, the location was ideal. I had a single room with a bathroom that must have been made for a person of a smaller stature than me, The bedroom had a TV which couldn't be watched from the bed(and there wasn't a chair).  The wardrobe had 3 coathangers, and there wasn't a drawer anywhere in the room!  Trying to find staff to speak to was impossible  except for the bar, where both the people on duty looked as miserable as sin.  i stay in London quite often and this is the worst Hotel review I have ever had to write.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or485-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the best thing about this hotel!,"Have to agree with other reviews- I wouldn't stay here again. We stayed four nights and without air con, we roasted both during the day and the night. Found a fan the second day and that was remotely better. I know it is unusual to need air con in London but even at 20 degrees Celsius the room was baking! Breakfast was good, but so many people pushing to get to the food and only a small room. When I asked waiters any questions, they constantly said ' I am new here, I don't know!' Skip this place. No wifi!",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or485-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth a visit,Points that stand out and are totally unsatisfactory: 1 Rooms are not clean as carpets look and feel as if they should have been changed years ago. 2 The floorboards are loose and very uneven and are a trip hazard all the time. 3 Bathroom has mold between a large percentage of the tiles 4 Double bed was broken on one corner and moved as I turned in the night. It felt like a 70's hotel stuck in time warp. This is a very old hotel in a need of a makeover. I would even challenge their fire safety standings.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or485-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel,"Miserable hotel, I slept one night during the summer there, and I have to admit that the location is nice (nearby the park) but that's the only good point. I just needed a simple room with my girlfriend and it was strictly the minimum expected. I definitely won't come back.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or485-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Room was extremely hot even though it wasn't very hot outside. You couldn't open the bigger window, only a small hatch. The view was straight into a wall which was a few meters away. There was a fan but that didn't help much, only made muscles hurt because of the draft. Can't recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or490-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",very old and dated,"On arrival the reception area clean and well staffed with air conditioning, and leather furniture, which was past its best , but ok. This was where the good bit ended. On going to the toilet just off the reception area, the toilet was dirty with very wet floor near the toilet, and was unbearably hot. On arrival in our room, the decor both in the room and in the corridors was very shabby and dirty, unfortunately this was the case with all 5 of the rooms that our party stayed in. The rooms were unbearably hot, to the point that we were all suffering with headaches by the following morning. We were in Room 217 and there was a raised screw on the carpet gripper in the doorway which i managed to cut my foot on, and another of our party were in 214 which had a raised bare concrete…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or490-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff and location ,"You get what you pay for, a basic room and bed but a very good breakfast! The location is fantastic and couldn't believe how cheap for being so close to central London! The staff were so amazing and friendly, especially Ali who gave us great recommendations for places to go(thank you!). Will definitely stay again next time I come to London. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or490-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"I booked this hotel through just London theatre breaks to take my wife away for the evening and turned out to be the Worst hotel I've ever stayed in , the rooms were filthy . There were stains all over the carpets and walls . The toilet in the room was broken . All this was reported to reception who couldn't care less . The fact that their answer to our problems was ""yes I know"" and when asked to move rooms ""they are all the same"" forced us to change hotels so we could get a decent nights sleep in a hotel that was clean and friendly. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. Avoid at all cost, you would have a better nights sleep on the street! On the plus side we did manage to find a lovely hotel just a few minutes walk away who were more than happy to accommodate us and…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or490-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",facilities,"Averaged but  the hotel was nice  to stay for us.  Near to public transport to travel to London city The room a bit small, The facilities are considered good and my family was enjoys stayed there. The breakfast was goods and the services were good.The staffs were very helpful and very friendly. My family was very pleased with the hospitality received from the staffs. The WIFI was paid WIFI and appreciated if it's free. The fees charged for WIFI considered acceptable.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or490-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not great, somewhere to sleep but would not visit again","Should of read the reviews. Not a great place to stay to be honest. When we arrived we were given room 3, which is in the basement next to the boiler lol. The room had a window which was facing a wall, a broken souble bed, a phone that had no batteries and a broken lamp. We asked to switch rooms which they did. The sexond room was nicer although a lick of paint wouod not og gone a miss. Good view as we were on the 5th floor. Just a shame really. Shower was okay, bathroom was functional. The bed materess was abit thin and could of done with more pillows. When we visited it was a hot night but the large window and a fan helped with that (i know hotels cant control the weather). All in all I wouldn't book this place again but if i was desperate for a room it would do.   Also dont…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or495-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, poor hotel","I'll start with the positives:  -The location is great, right by Hyde Park and Kensington Palace and Gardens. Very short walk to several tube stations and small supermarkets. -A pretty good breakfast is included -Other than one consistently sour exception, the staff were all very friendly, especially the breakfast staff  Aside from the above, our experience of this hotel was fairly negative.  -While reception is air conditioned, all of the hallways and our room were inexplicably extremely hot- much hotter than outside, with just a small fan which didn't do much. This made for bad sleep and was uncomfortable to spend time in the room at any time of day. -The bed was extremely loose and bouncy, meaning that any movement by one person was felt by the other- coupled with the heat…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or495-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Ok, if you lke living in a cupboard","Booked through flight and hotel package with Expedia, and the old adage ""you get what you pay for"" comes to mind. To be fair there are pros & cons ... Good location close to tube , vast selection of eating places a few hundred yards away, and breakfast was included. On the downside ... room was absolutely tiny , no aircon and an uncomfortable bed. Did very seriously think about finding another hotel but stuck with it for the 3 nights we'd booked.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or495-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget But Central,"On a tight budget, need central location - this is it!  Very basic and old but cheap and central   Breakfast was good and filling and right in the middle of Bayswater so very central.  If after a pretty budget cheap place to put your head down at night this could work",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or495-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Well well well well well,"Room - a crematorium has cheaper heating bills Staff - pretty useless couldn't book a taxi to save themselves, Maddie McCanns search party was more successful  Toilet - missing shower mat ironically had 40 signs highlighting its importance whilst taking a shower Guest book - lacking, many services on it are unavailable or don't exist one being ice as supposedly Greenland and Antarctica have bailed on us   Breakfast - didn't even have bacon Location - very nice fair play Overall - 2 starsWon't be back   ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or495-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms great location,"We choose this hotel as the location was great, on the edge of Hyde Park. Rooms looked basic but spacious.....  Our room 308 well the double bed was clearly not double bed Size given my partners legs were hanging out.  The bed was touching three walls and we could reach out to touch the fourth  The window looked out to another hotel wall which we couch reach out and touch  The room was roasting which was not helped with how small it was.  The shower was spacious but the sink overhung the toilet, any bigger than a lady size 16 you would struggle.  The bed was so soft it was like a water bed with only one pillow provided which wasn't even as thick as a folded towel.  Breakfast was a buffet with not a great selection, but would have been more enjoyable if the serving area was in…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or500-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hyde park concert stay,Stayed here for one night after hyde park concert  One bus or tube to hyde park  Good location checkin not until 3pm but we was able to leave luggage as we needed to be at hyde park for 1pm Room clean bed ok but unsteady  Breakfast did not look good so we did not have it  Ok to get yr head down for the nigjt,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or500-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room like a sauna/dated/no natural light ,"I wish I had read more reviews before booking this room. On arrival we walked into the room and were met with heat, we felt like we were abroad but with no air conditioning. Window opened an inch into a tiny blocked in square so no fresh air coming in and no natural light.  Room had a fan which we had to position on a chair inbetween the beds to try and attempt to cool down at night. I have never felt so uncomfortable in a hotel as this.   Beds near tipped over when changing position in night, if sat up in bed then the bed rolled away from headboard. The TV isn't an important part of the room but I do like to watch when come home in night and telly volume was limited which I understand but it was so low that with the fan on you couldn't hear anything.  Breakfast was very basic,…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or500-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mumford & Sons stop over,"Good location for both Hyde park and Paddington station - all within walking distance. Hotel was a little basic for the price, but not bad for a one night stop over. Good check out time (at 12pm) and held our bags for the rest of the day. Overall it was okay!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or500-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Too hot!! ,Checked in on Saturday 2 rooms - one wasn't ready reception called us in the first room about 15 mins later. Both rooms small and both in need of redecoration lots of scuff marks on the wall bedding towels and bathroom clean but shower head very rusty.  PAT testing on plug sockets (only one spare in the room) was last done in 2013 according to the labels not good!  Breakfast was OK sausages were cheap and not nice but a selection of other stuff to have. Was in good location for BST summertime in Hyde Park.  Far too hot everywhere in the hotel no air came in with the window wide open there was a fan but wasn't sure about using the plug socket which hadn't been checked for 3 years! Cheapest we could find- you get what you pay for! ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or500-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly pleasant staff,Our room had been refurbished so was good. Rooms are small but adequate. Staff very helpful and honest finding me out after my jacket slipped off my case on the way to the room. Breakfast was fine just did not expect a hotel called the Queens Park Hotel in London not to provide a full English breakfast.....no bacon! Really?,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or505-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Hotel, Excellent location!","We stayed at Queen's Park Hotel last April and we were very satisfied with our accomodation. Its location is very convienient as it is near to Hyde Park and the Bayswater Underground Station too. The staff is kind and very helpful.  Also, the rooms are very clean and beautifully decorated. We will definitely choose Queen's Park Hotel again on our next trip to London!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or505-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Okki-doki,"Nothing fancy but good price, good location, clean and beds are ok. Don't bother with the breakfast - better and cheaper at a Pret a Mange down Queens way. I like this place and might use it again some day. This is a hotel that want something. Like to please the guests if they can.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or505-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Gordon Ramsay couldn't work wonders on this Hotel Hell ...,"Before I even start .. I would stay away from this hotel at all costs.if I could rate less than a 1 it would get that.   We went to this hotel for 3 nights to visit London. We arrived at the hotel and the member of staff at the reception was very unwelcoming and unprofessional. He was having an argument with a member of staff. When we got our key we were on the 2nd floor. The place was old looking and had a dirty mouldy smell. When we got in the room is was absolutely tiny and smelled very dirty. What I opened my eyes too were shocking. I had a broken window, broken safe , telephone was broken. Inside the shower was a sign (pictures) about a slip mat for the shower , we never got one either. Shower was too small to put your hands up to wash your hair! .. The website states you…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or505-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice area, good hotel","Hotel was good, the rooms were clean and confortable. Breakfast was really really crowded, and not so good quality. The staff was really gentle and helpful. I suggest this hotel also for the position: few minutes walking to the nearest subway station, just in front of Hyde Park.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or505-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,I stayed 3 nights  on arriving on Sunday evening. The room on the 5.th floor no 26  was very hot  I had to get reception to open the window  and I had a fan run the 3 days  they said on the 2 night the might be able to get me another room but they never came back to me  the breakfast was good but very basic   A sink in the room did not work and I only found the fridge on the morning I was checking out and u have to pay for wi fi   Not to be recommended,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or510-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"£200 for two nights is not worth the money for this run down hotel. The room had a broken toilet seat, ripped & stained carpets, stained walls and was absolutely tiny. It was hot with no air con and a squeaky bed. The only reason I rated 2 stars is because the staff were very attentive, breakfast was passable and the location was very good.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or510-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute joke of a hotel... HOTEL HELL!,"everything about this place is a joke. the bedrooms are horrible. there was mold on the walls. the paintwork was coming off the ceilings and the walls.the bedrooms have no at at alll. fans were provided but to be honest was a waste of time. the shower was broken and the door felt like it could break at any point.  staff are a joke..are very rude.  clearly dont know the meaning of customer service, Manager makes out to be something hes not. pointless having a conversation with him as nothing seemed to get solved. had one of the cleaners walk into my room whilst a friend was in the middle of getting changed. didn't even apologize until i made her come downstairs with me to speak to the manager. then she put her hands up and said she didn't know how to speak English.  the dining…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or510-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible room,"When you go to this hotel make sure you are not given a room on B floor as we were. These rooms are in the basement and have no windows and all night there was a humming sound think we must have been at the side of boiler room, also the room was hot so we didn't get much sleep. On a plus side the hotel was near to tube station and Hyde Park but wouldn't go again in case we were given one of those rooms.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or510-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,Although bedding and bathroom were clean this hotel really needs refurbishing. Decor awful. Walls and paintwork desperately needs sorting. Carpets very shabby. Thankfully we were only staying overnight!,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or510-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,"The hotel was great, staff really friendly and it is so close to the tube station that takes you into the main city of London and very close to Hyde park.  I would recommend this hotel  to anyone that is visiting London.  There is also little gift shops  close by  so you don't need to travel far just to buy a gift our stay in this hotel was very enjoyable and i would go back.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or515-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Walk the maze,"Great location, next to 2 tube stations and 3 tube lines. Right across the street from Kensington Palace. Clean. Decent breakfast. A maze through the kitchen door and down narrow halls and up stairs to get to our room. Compact room with no surfaces to put stuff. No shelf in the bathroom. Loose taps. Phone taking up the bedside table. Tea set covered the desk. One chair, a desk chair. IKEA furnishings. TV set high on the wall too far away from the bed for the size of the screen. Closet where the other bedside table should be. Useless kitchen area with fridge, 2 burner stovetop, no microwave, no dishes, cutlery, or anything to use on the stovetop. Maybe they had it at the desk.  £2 for 1 hour wifi. Checked out on last morning and left luggage for a few more hours of sightseeing.…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or515-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, noisy room, Wifi is 10 pounds per day","The hotel is in perfect location walking/tube. The hotel wals are made of paper, you can hear the neighbors sneezing. The breakfast is basic and again, very noisy.  They charge 1 pound for each piece of luggage you store in the luggage room on the last day.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or515-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but otherwise disappointing,"After travelling for 36 hours we were hoping for early access to our room but that didn't happen.  And when we finally got our room key we had to negotiate narrow corridors, fire doors and a number of steps.  The room was tiny (but clean) and it was like a sauna!!  Apparently a result of a ""heat wave"" the previous week.  We had requested an air conditioned room when we booked but didn't get one.  We opened the window as much as we could (less than 6inches), stripped the doonas off the beds, got the fan out of the cupboard and slept in our summer pj's - and managed to cope for our 2 nights.  The reception staff were pleasant but very disorganised.  And the breakfasts were unusual - canned tomatoes and mushrooms, really??",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or515-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",????,We recently stayed here and found the place clean and friendly.  The breakfast was good and the staff were helpful.  The room was awful.  Room 201 a (in my opinion single room with a double bed).  I had to climb over my husband to get in and out of it and it did not have a bedside table on my side.  The shower room as so small one had to open the door and the the shower door to get into the shower!!!!  When washing your teeth your bottom hit the wall behind!!  It was kept clean but so not the double room advertised.  Also they advertise free wifi but it is not free.,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or515-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic accommodation,"Definitely no frills here! The place needs a face lift. Threadbare carpets, scratched paintwork. Plenty of breakfast but not very tasty. On the positive side staff were friendly, the rooms clean and we both slept well, plus it was close to the Albert Hall and museums. Guess you get what you pay for...won't be staying here again. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or520-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens park hotel. A big downer,"Bad rooms: At first we were handed a room with a oblique roof, the double bed( against the wall) 1 meter space towards the other wall. As you probably have guessed no room to move and nowhere to put our belongings. Explaing the matter in the reception, they were snotty and just unpleasant. ( Especially the dutch guy, with an attitude.) We where given another room, slighly bigger. The bed in that room proved to be a sofa bed. Breakfast was noisy ( due to the marble floor) they offered food almost on the border of what is accepted. ( We actually smuggled in bread, ham. Just to make it edible. So this hotell is definately not the one I would suggest. Tony",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or520-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Auwful place, with poor customer service, lack of staff and badly lacking in quality DO NOT STAY HERE","We booked this hotel's sister property Hyde Park Executive apartments well in advance as my daughter lives in the same street and the location was perfect for us for our family London Marathon weekend trip.  We (5 persons - 2 pensioners) arrived early and tried to check in but were told our 2 rooms weren't ready.    We were told to come back at 2pm.  I tried to pay but was informed I did not have to pay until the end of our stay.    I left my family to go to business meetings only to be informed that when they checked in the staff had said that there was a problem with one of the rooms and they put half our party in a completely separate hotel, The Queens Park Hotel.    To make matters worse they had made my father, who is a pensioner, pay for the total amount when he hadn't…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or520-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Cheap,"If you are ever stuck in London for the night, this hotel offers cheap and clean accommodation. It's a tad shabby, but nothing much to expect for the price. The twin room I had for single use is of a decent size, with a shower cabin and toiletries, a kettle with tea and coffee sachets. I was allowed to check in upon arrival, even before the check–in time. The most important for me it was clean, and the price of £35 even included breakfast! Ask for a quiet room, I had a very good sleep.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or520-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Will definitely come again,"we stayed in a quadruple room with my family. the room was clean, well decorated and has a modern look. the bod was comfy, the pillows were a bit flat but they gave plenty of extras. the toilet was clean and ample of toiletries for the 4 of us.they gave us enough teas, coffees and biscuits and replenish everyday. the only flaws i would say are the towels. the hotel looked like a 4 star, the rooms are 4 stars but towels are like 2 stars..they need replacing, man. they are soft but falling apart. we had to get them change everyday as they look like disposables. the service and staff were kind and helpful. the hotel itself is in a very convenient area-close to shops, tube stations (Queensway and Bayswater) and the park (Kensington and Hyde Park).the wife is top notch. they offer…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or520-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal place if working in London,"Stayed on a Monday night and only paid £48 - bargain. Room facilities were good enough. Modern entrance on a nice street. Hotel room had 3 beds only needed 1. Toilet was good enough, only problem don't go for bedroom 104 as is in the corridor next to the lift. Will keep you up throughout the night and in the morning people leaving and talking from 6am! Walking distance to tubes and lots of restaurants. Can walk through Hyde park within 5mins. Would stay again if for a night or 2! If you want to take the Mrs out I would probably try and spend at least £100 somewhere and go for a chain hotel...",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or525-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,We stayed here for 3 nights on a Superbreak deal. The hotel itself is old and dated but the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms and public areas were kept to a high standard of cleanliness. The breakfast area was very crowded and very noisy but the food was of good standard and the tables were kept very clean thanks to the hard working waiting staff. The rooms whilst clean were on the small side,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or525-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"Hotel is a short walk from the north side of Hyde Park, location is convenient. Queensway tube station is very close and Bayswater is a 5 minute walk. The breakfast was mediocre. The rooms were a bit grubby, not actually dirty but not super clean feeling either. The walls needed a good wash. Wifi did not work very well for us in our room, but it did in the lobby/breakfast area.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or525-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,Probably the worst hotel we've ever been. We stayed for 8 nights in absolute shock. The staff was very unsupportive and was rude to us at some occasions. The breakfast menu didn't change and it had 8 items in it in total. Only good thing is the 2 metro stations which are in walking distance but that has nothing to do with the hotel.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or525-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","great location, clean, ok breakfast, mattresses are a bit rubbish .","overall a good experience, the hotel was clean, the location was excellent, the breakfast was ok, the only negative was the mattress which was well past it's sell by date and felt hollow . with a better mattress i would have been able to sleep :) .",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or525-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"I was given a night stay here due to a mixed up with the reservation at their sister hotel, Bayswater Inn.  We were given a room at the basement; honestly it was like a setting from a horror movie!  Small room with window nailed down overlooking a store room of some sort.  You can hear the boilers outside the room.  Locks don't work, hot water was temperamental, etc.  The basement was virtually a fire trap!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or530-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You just about get what you pay for.,"I booked this hotel for a weeks stay in London. I just wanted a clean, affordable, comfortable hotel near the city centre. I decided to book directly with the hotel to get the free wifi and breakfast.  The location of the hotel is fantastic. Very close to the tube, near a high street with plenty of shops, cafés and restaurants. It took me about 25 minutes to walk to Oxford Street. Kensington Palace is about 5 minute walk. The hotel itself desperately needs some TLC. It is very dated and not in a great shape. But at least it is clean. I had a single room which is tiny, but fine for one person with a desk and a wardroe. The bed is very uncomfortable - you are literally sleeping on springs. But at leas the hotel is quiet. The WiFi did not work in my room during my whole stay. I…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or530-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed for a night very pleasant.,"Stayed in a double room, quite snug but perfectly fine just to crash overnight after meeting friends. A comfy bed and nice little bathroom along with everything you expect in a hotel room. Easy to find.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or530-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms and lousy breakfast,I made a reservation to this hotel because it offered a larger number of rooms for our group. The beds were wide as promised but the rooms were small. Especially I was disappointed for the english breakfast without bacon. The sausages were almost without taste. For luggage room there was an extra charge £1/package.,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or530-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great!,I have staid in this hotel all ready 3 times befoer. Its great location very close to tube station with a lot of plases to eat and go for a drink. Only 25 minutes walk to oxford street. Breakfast was great full with hot and cod food. The only thing is the rooms are very small but thats with a lot of London hotels unless your staying in a 4 star.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or530-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location ,good value for money","Our room was small but perfectly adequate ,spotless,modern and had everything we needed. The staff on reception and at breakfast were all very helpful and friendly. The biggest plus for us was the location,an easy walk from st pancras and just on the edge of hyde park so everything was easily reached.  Only stayed one night but would definitely book for longer next time especially considering the price.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or535-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A good budget hotel for a few nights,A good budget hotel for a few nights which is nicely located being close to two very useful tube stations. It's rooms may not be the largest but they are certainly adequate. The breakfast is more than adequate and of decent quality. The staff friendly and the place is clean and tidy. Rooms at the front can be noisy earl morning at times but overall it makes a good economical stay and I will be back.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or535-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"The positive aspects of this hotel are that it's central, very close to subway stations that take you right to the heart of London, and it's reasonably clean, with maid service every day and fresh towels.   However, the hotel is in serious need of a makeover. The walls in the bedrooms are absolutely covered in scratches and marks which makes it look very grubby and could be sorted with a fresh lick of paint. We stayed in a double room and it was absolutely tiny, a double bed and dressing table and wardrobe had literally been squashed in and there was barely space to put our suitcases down. So ok if your only there for a few days like we were but any longer than that then its really not feasible. The whole place, including all the furniture just had a really tired look which as I…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or535-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Myself and partner are not ones to complain but think that people should be aware of the problems before staying at this hotel. Our room was dirty and unkept with broken tv and shower. We found the staff quite rude and unhelpful and seemed to couldn't wait to get rid of you as soon as you arrived. As all the doors are fire doors they bag loudly when left to swing shut but the housekeepers did not seem to care about this at 8:30 in the morning when you're trying to sleep and began knocking on people's doors trying to get them up so they could clean when check out isn't until 12. The walls are next to paper thin and the rooms very compacted together so when the room next to us came home in the early hours of the morning all we could hear was them talking, shouting and banging…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or535-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid! Always trust the average trip advisor scores!,"The only real benefit of staying here was the hotel's excellent location - on the doorstep of Kensington Gardens, and within a few minutes' walk to 3 different tube lines.  Credit where credit is due.  Unfortunately, I have many negatives to report.  - The room size.  This has to be the smallest hotel room I have ever seen!  Sure, it was only for one person.  But, once you place your belongings down and unpack a few clothes, etc, the small bed is the only comfortable place to sit!  - Room cleanliness.  It is clear that many shortcuts are taken in the presentation of the room and the hotel itself.  For instance, small stains in the sheets are apparently dealt with by simply turning the sheets over to the other side!  (I don't recall my sheets being changed in the 7 days I stayed…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or535-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for a few days,"Was okay for a few days, staff friendly and great breakfast. Room really hot and floor creaky but as a base for a trip to London is great just what you need as its close to everything and easy for transport links.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or540-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed reviews ,"I've just spent 2 nights at this hotel and have mixed reviews, staff  are very friendly on reception, hotel is very dated and needs decorated. The hotel room is small and beds are not very comfy.... walls are stained, no plug for the sink, shower door does not close and lock missing on the door.  Breakfast was basic cereal, scrambled egg and beans.  Would not return to the hotel again. ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or540-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, good service, best value",It's just less than 5 minutes walk to both Bayswater and Queensway Station and takes no more than 15 minutes to get to Oxford circus. It locates in a quiet street and there are lots of good Asian restaurants with just few steps away. Staffs were nice. Room was clean and spacious. Breakfast was included and it was good. The only problem is there's no free wifi. Had a good stay in London and will definitely come again.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or540-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel with a decent breakfast,"The best feature of this hotel is its location.  Located off Bayswater next to Hyde Park, this hotel is a short walk to the park and the Queensway tube station.  You can travel by tube to Westminster, Leicester Square, Buckingham Palace, and many other central London locations in 15 to 20 minutes.   Like many average European hotels, the room was small.  It was a tight squeeze with luggage for two, but we made it work. The room was clean, the hotel quiet, and the housekeeping staff was great.  The furniture in the room was outdated, and there was some disrepair.    I booked the room with the included breakfast and was pleasantly surprised.  The buffet breakfast was similar to most European hotel breakfasts I have experienced.  The two room dining area offered lots of room, and…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or540-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel and over priced,"My partner and I have been travelling the uk and europe and chose to stay here due to its fantastic location. When arriving we got to our room and were in complete disgust. I am a 6'4 male and could just about touch the walls when putting my arms out. The smell of the corridors and room was horrible and old, and couldn't believe that they could charge what they are for their double room. It was literally big enough for the bed and that was it! I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone. It is quite old and run down, and then expected you to pay for wifi. Considering Central Park Hotel which is across the road is cheaper and a lot nicer and has free wifi throught the entire hotel (Highly Recommend this one).",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or540-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty Average Hotel,"location is OK, not too far from Bayswater station. Hotel is a little tird and in need of a major refurb. Reception was chaos while checking in. Seems to be run or at least reception by Dutch. Check- in was slow and not organised. Room was clean but very small, only 8"" (20cm) bedtween edge of teh bed and wardrobe, anyone with limited manouverability or bad on their feet, not a good room. Bed was OK but again small. The bathroom was also very tired, broken floor tiles, rusty Toilet paper/toilet brush, and a dodgy shower door thet didnt' meet in the centre. The door stop was literally a block of wood with a huge screw to act as same, not realy the look i guyess this hotel is after. Breakfast was manic, only scrambled eggs, no fried and NO BACON! English Breakfast with no bacon.…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or545-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Could be better,"I have been in this hotel for 3 nights for business purpose. Once again, my company chose the hotel and I had no choice of staying there. When I arrived, they asked me to pay while they had an email with instructions with credit card details to be charged. After discussing, they managed to do it. The access to the room is a nightmare: I was in room 17 and there was no signage for it. I was lost between the doors and tiny corridors.  The room was really small and I could hear all the noises from the corridor. The wall was dirty & damaged. No repair has been done. The breakfast: too many people at the same time and the place where the food is, is really small. We felt like it was sales day!!!  I wanted to leave my luggage and i have been charged £1. It was written no where!!! The…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or545-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for a couple days in London,"I bought an ""all inclusive"" trip to London, which means you buy a standerd price per person and you get a flight and hotel combined. It was not sure which hotel we would get, but this hotel was what we got. I didn't expect much from it and i suggest that everyone also doesn't. We were staying for a couple of days and for that it is just fine. The beds are ok, sanitary was good and the staff was friendly. Nothing to complain about, except it took us a while to find the hotel (but i guess that was just our fault ;) ). Breakfast is nice, they have different kinds of bread which you can toast, croissants, cereal, fruits, yoghurts (fruit yoghurt, kind of like Danone which is more common to me), vitamine drinks and coffee and tea. There are also a lot of places to sit, but most people…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or545-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value,"Great hotel, great location, this may be a budget hotel but the value for money was excellent, 300yds from Queensway tube station, and close to  lots of bars and lots of eateries, off the Bayswater road opposite Hyde Park",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or545-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Location only thing good about this hotel,We stayed 13th and 14th of February this year in room 517 so was interesting to read Sammy Ds post further down.  Shower door was still broken and had to fight to get in and out of the shower without door falling off. The maids also entered our room when the  do not disturb sign was on the door once when we were in the room and once when we were out. The hotel is the most basic of basic with it looking tired and dirty which is a shame as it is in an ideal location for traveling round London.    Most definitely won't stay again,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or545-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",london top over,"My husband , daughter and myself stopped here for 1 night , 2 weeks in a row as we were visiting Uni's . ... we booked through Superbreak( so we didn't pay a lot )  and this hotel was well situated for the tube .  Both times check in was quick, friendly and efficient . The first week's  room was very small , the 3 beds squashed in and the en-suite a bit of a squeeze . However it was lovely and clean , plenty of hot water from the shower and the breakfast was enjoyable . The 2nd week we had a much bigger room and a bit more room in the en-suite  . For a short stay this hotel is fine and I would stay here again .",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or550-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location for exploring the sights of London,"Book this hotel via Superbreak, couldn't be more happier. Clean room, asked for quiet location, and it was. The room was small, but that is great as all we wanted was a place to sleep.  Good lighting, so you could read with ease. When interacted with staff, all of them very friendly and helpful.  The Breakfast was self service, and was always getting refreshed. Excellent coffee. Would really recommend this hotel, and hope to return soon.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or550-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know what to make of it,"Myself and my wife arrived for three nights for a mini honeymoon. We rang to see if there was a possibility we could check in early as I felt ill. I was told I would have to pay £10 per hour I wanted to check in before 3pm. We got to the hotel after 12:30pm and I was willing to pay the extra. When we went to check in and they didn't have a clue about our reservation even though I had the piece of paper with the booking refs on from Thomas Cook.  They eventually found the booking and to be fair they wavered the fee for the inconvenience. We were given the key card for the room and e went up there. The room was horrible and cold, the tap wouldn't turn off in the bathroom, the window wouldn't shut and the curtains didn't close. I was tired and fed up and went down to complain, we…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or550-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, super staff.","I stayed here for a week on an assisted holiday with a customer with learning and physical disabilities for my company, Altogether Travel. The staff were absolutely wonderful with our client, even singing Happy Birthday on his big day! Many thanks to Jay, Robert,  Esther, Chantal and Judith in reception, Alina in the restaurant and Dana from housekeeping for making this such a memorable and happy stay.   The rooms were very comfortable and meticulously cleaned by the excellent housekeeping staff. Great location too, close to Bayswater Tube and bus routes into central London and a good selection of reasonably priced cafes and restaurants, especially Chinese. Opposite Hyde Park, close to The Serpentine and handy for Portobello Road market. Would highly recommend this great hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or550-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Breakfast,"The room was small but clean and using the loo was tricky as space was minimal, but it was clean enough and there was a good breakfast and friendly staff. Our room was top floor and the sloping roof made getting in and out of bed a tricky manouevre! ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or550-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs everywhere,"After nearly a year, I dare review this hotel. I spent 2 nights in 2015 and it still haunts my nights and days. In two nights I was bitten 31 times by bed bugs and awaken at 5am by them. I filmed them and took pictures. The state of the mattress was attrocious. The hotel has more than 100s of room, it is a unhuman sleeping factory. I did put a complain through management and all they could do was to invite me to stay again for free!! For nothing in the world I would renew my stay. I spent hours cleaning my chothes, luggage and toiletries with 100°C vapour to kill any potential bugs, I threw away clothes and pyjamas. I am now completely traumatised by hotels and travelling all together even though I try to forget it. I still have nightmares about it. If anyone is interested I…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or555-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","lovely hotel , friendly","lovely hotel , ideally located very close to hyde park and kensington park , room was clean, tidy and some might say basic , but you are only sleeping in it , tea and coffee making bits and bobs and , shower gels and such like , staff were very happy and breakfast is enough to choose from , english minus the bacon and lovely pastries , great value for money",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or555-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You'll find something better - elsewhere,"This hotel offers miserable service in an overpriced hotel (if you don't get any of their special offers) and serves you the worst breakfast I have ever tasted. Don't eat the sausages. It will give you bad dreams for weeks! And the free WiFi? Sure! For £2 per hour it's ""free"".",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or555-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",3 day break in London,"Booked this hotel as it was at a competitive price for the area where we wanted to be. It was very easy to find, near to the Queensway tube station opposite Kensington Park. There was another tube as well - Bayswater - also very close, which served other tube lines.  Checking in was straight forward although even as a UK resident they wanted some form of ID.  The room when we got to it on the 4th floor along a lot of narrow corridors and which where in some need of update, with pictures hanging literally off the walls, was small and the bed was also very small although at 6'6"" it was long enough for me to sleep well. The room was very small also and just sufficient for a 3 day break, any longer then my wife an I would be struggling. Then shower was also very small and I could…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or555-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Central location - Great value,"Stayed here for one night in adjoining room to my son. Room size reasonable and clean. Close to Hyde Park and Kensington with 2 tube stations within 5 minute walk. Great choice at breakfast. Staff helpful, especially the concierge. Only criticism is that the corridors are like a maze, narrow and up and down steps.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or555-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay - excellent value,"I stayed at the Queen's Park Hotel for the night on 29 January 2016.  I found it to be great value.  The room was clean (bathroom spotless), but does require a lick of paint.  The TV was high on the wall which was a pain as you couldn't see it very well if you sat at the desk.  Breakfast was adequate; - scrambled eggs; beans; sausages; tomatoes; mushrooms as well as continental croissants etc.  I could hear the occasional door slam until about 10pm but had no difficulty sleeping.    Reception staff were friendly and helpful.  The hotel is extremely close to Hydes Parl, Queensway Tube (Central Line) and Bloomsbury Park Stn.    I would stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or560-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",In much need of some TLC and customer service training,"Believe what the other poor reviews are saying, yes this is run down, yes there are problems with decor, yes there are dirty marks all over the walls in the rooms (the two we saw at least) The rooms are tiny and the bathrooms can be too,  ours was so small you could not sit on the toilet straight as the sink was in the way. On our arrival there were about six staff behind the reception, the concierge was either on his phone or asleep and it seemed to take ages before anybody made eye contact and asked if they could help. The first room we were given had an issue with the toilet, this did not seem to go down well with reception when I went to discuss it with them, they did look to be very busy with bookings but huffs and puffs when a customer is advising you of a problem is not…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or560-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",basic but worth the money,"went to London on the 1st december 2015 for 2 nights with SUPERBREAK TRAVEL ,,   train from Coventry to Euston , underground to Bayswater for our hotel ..  1st night took in London by night via bus & underground ..   nice and comfortable sleep with a breakfast .   2nd day we took in London eye  our first time ,,, a trip on the Thames past HMS Belfast down to Tower bridge , and then that evening off to Winter wonderland ... the 2nd morning we had cause to complain that other guests were smoking in there rooms which was filitering into our room,, complained to reception ..    reception apologised  but by then we were booking out to return home   ,,   as this was a present for my wifes 60th birthday it was as we wanted  very enjoyable",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or560-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value hotel,"Stayed here after a night at the Malmaison, and was expecting the worse, but was pleasantly surprised, it was clean and comfortable, and cheap £45 for bed and breakfast for 2 in London! Bargain! If your on a budget and looking for cheap this may be the place. Downside our room was by the lift and was a little noisy.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or560-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs.,"This hotel is disgusting... Everywhere you look. Please don't make the same mistake we did. Pillows were stained, paint work was chipped and marked, furniture was dropping to bits, breakfast was awful (tinned food). Charges for wifi and leaving luggage. The smallest room I have ever stayed in. Not worthy of 3 stars at all. ",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or560-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not for us,"Arrived sat 9th January, present from the family for Christmas,  rail,hotel and ticket for a show with super breaks.  Not our type of hotel, very very basic, bathroom was that small you could hardly sit on the toilet when you had squeezed back the sink ( and were quite slim ) reception and dining room was cold and not comfy or inviting, hotel does not have a bar either. We had a great weekend but would never stay at this hotel again, unless it gas a facelift",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or565-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value central hotel,Stayed here with the hubby for few nights in December. Great breakfast and comfy bed. Maid did take our towels we left on towel rail while cleaning room. In previous hotels the towels don't get changed unless they are left on floor or bath. So unsure why she felt the need to swipe everything to be laundered! we did ask about their location but couldn't get back as they'd gone to laundry.   Rooms are small but I find this standard in the more reasonable priced London hotels. But we're clean and had everything we needed for a nice few days stay. Bonus of air conditioning too. But overall a great value central hotel which we will be returning too and recommending.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or565-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good and affordable Hotel near Kensington Garden & Paddington,"I stayed in Queens Park hotel with my Mom for 1 night during December 2015. This hotel is relatively clean, nice and it offers great amenities The room rate is affordable, considering its strategic location near the Kensington Garden and Paddington in Central London. It is situated near two tube stations (Queensway & Bayswater), and it makes easier for the guest to travel around in London. The neighborhood is also quite nice. There are many affordable restaurants, souvenir stores, and mini market surrounding the hotel (near the tube station). The hotel also provides a free luggage storage for the guest, so they don't need to worry about carrying their luggage when traveling around London. The breakfast buffet served by the hotel is also nice. They provide full English breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or565-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",christmas stay,Good location to Hyde park and very close to underground station which is on the red line. Hotel is very basic and overpriced for what it is. Double room was very small. Breakfast was fine with a good area to eat.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or565-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, great location.","Nice hotel, good location, rooms clean but decor wise they were scruffy due to paint off walls chips taken out of window cils and old metal Windows, bikes right outside for hire to go around London and buss stops and underground really close to go around London.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or565-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just the location!,"The only good thing about this hotel it's the location!  The receptionist sent us to take the lift, when the doors opened we were surpresided! We went to the basement! We had a family room which had 2 single beds and a double bed for us. Well.. Hopefully the room was cleaned and had a big bathroom, but we could hear all the noise from outside. Fortunately, we just went to London for a night! We though that the breakfast could be better the next day, but no. I am a waitress and I know how is to work under pressure and also to serve people who aren't very nice to us, but I try to be happy every single day for my costumers! They should do the same. We didn't recieve a ""Good Morning"" and even a smile! The staff was a little bit unfriendly and unhappy. The food was not bad at all,…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or570-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Simple and clean hotel. Would return next time!,"In london standards this was a good value hotel who I'd love to visit again. It was a quite and central area just two minuts walk from the underground. When we arrived we were told that our room was in the basement and I was super sceptic, never heard of a basement section in a hotel before. However the room was big, clean and quite. Breakfast buffe was simple, but ok. Expectations was low here from the start, but we got Toast, jam and juice which was all we really needed before a day of London shopping😊",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or570-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely friendly hotel,"Our room was quite small,but very comfortable , in a great location opposite Hyde park and walkable onto Oxford Street .we had no view but we were only there for one night so it didn't matter ,if I go back to London I would stay in this hotel again because of the location",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or570-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",great night,only a sleight downside mix up over when they took payment other than that all ok staff helpful easy access to the tube(underground) 1 min from hydepark room was big enough and clean and quiet we would use it again.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or570-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",average hotel great location,"Not bad value for money, although the room was very small and so hot we had the air con on the whole time we were in it. Fortunatley, this wasnt very much because the location of this hotel is brilliant.  A stones through from queensway and bayswater tube stations , kensington gardens and some really good resteraunts . Would we return to the queens park? Yes, is the answer. But for the area. If you are looking for comfort maybe keep looking.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or570-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ladies holiday,"We were six ladies  enjoying. Our annually trip to London. One of the ladies in our group chose the hotel because we had stayed in the area before and it was nice and handy for transport into the city.  I read the reviews just before we travelled and was not looking forward to the hotel at all.. There were only a few on the positive side. But once we arrived at the hotel I felt a bit happier. Yes it's basic but you do get what you pay for in this world. The hotel was clean and the staff on reception and at breakfast were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was tiled top to bottom in fairly new decor so was fine,the bedding was clean and bed fairly comfortable.  They are old buildings so corridors to rooms were like a warren and carpets could of done…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or575-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",if i could rate this below 1 star i would.,"the rooms are small, old, smelly and clautrophobic.  My window opened onto a solid wall with a metal bar across - and this was after i was 'upgraded' out of a basement prison cell like room after complaining heavily.  The concierge service - i would best describe as agressive, arrogant and totally not service minded.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or575-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgrace ,"Well where to start. First of all lift to room was tiny, barely room for two people. Hallway was so warm felt like a sauna. Room was tiny, dirty, showers dirty and didn't work, tiles broken and tv was broken. No air con so couldn't get a wink of sleep. Breakfast was rotten. Basically would never ever recommend anyone to stay here. Stay away!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or575-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased with our stay,Great location. OK rooms and bathrooms were small but very clean and you don't spend much time in them. Breakfast was good. We had 3 rooms and were all satisfied for the price we paid for a London hotel. We arrived early so could not check into rooms but could leave our bags while we went off for the day.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or575-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nice time,was here from the 1st to 3rd of dec check in was fast no problem room was on 4 floor and was fine clean and tidy when  breakfast ok if you like mushroom sausage and scab eggs but no bacon one toaster get toast first . in room tea and coffee but only one of each and no water ok for a short stay,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or575-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Creative Photography!,"Ok I'll start with a positive - the bed was comfortable and the sheets clean, the cleaners seem to have been doing their job. However, to coin Alex Polizzi's best phrase - ""You can't polish a Turd!"" The hotel is tired, everywhere you look, grubby walls, tatty fittings. The staff were cheerful enough but when I asked to see other available rooms because the one they had put us in was small, grubby, and basically depressing they did oblige but showed me three more equally soulless rooms and one larger one which I was told I would have to pay an extra £50 a night for the privilege of, well basically two single beds we wouldn't actually use in addition to the double in there and bathroom EVEN smaller than the one we had!!!!  If you are basically heading to london and intend on…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or580-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely for price ,"We were relocated to this hotel when Apollo messed up our booking and thankful they did this hotel is so much better, cleaner, warmer. We really enjoyed our stay here it's central to anywhere around Hyde park and close to tubes, around corner from a garage and waitrose for when shops are closed, however 'full English breakfast' isn't it's tinned mushrooms scrambled eggs sausages and beans.. No bacon or fried eggs?! What! Can't grumble though it was quality for its price ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or580-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good first impression but many areas of improvement,"We stayed in this hotel only for one night. I have to admit that on the first glance the hotel appears to be quite decent. Location was very good. Close to Hyde Park and plenty of restaurants The receptionist was quite polite and helpful. Our room (no 22) was on the 4th floor rather straggly very close to rooms numbers 400 plus. Number of corridors created a little maze. But this was not an issue. The bed was of decent size and quite comfy. Bedding and towels were ok. Soap, shower gel and shampoo were provided. However, shower tray was cracked and someone tried to fix it with some sort of glue. Tiles were felling from walls and tons of silicon were used to keep it in place. Finally, there was a strong smell from drains. The most annoying was that they charged for Wifi!! Buffet…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or580-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",comfortable stay for affordable price,"very clean basic room, could replace toilet roll holder which was rusty.  good night sleep no noise.  breakfast basic but adequate, reasonable location by hyde park. staff were friendly only stayed the one night. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or580-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Really awful hotel,"The only good thing about this hotel is its location. Its an old building with re-built (thin) walls and shoddy decoration. Rooms are bland, purely functional and you feel like you are on an institution. I had a Family room which had 2 double beds but the bathroom was about 1metre wide, it was ridiculous. I was on the 3rd floor but the noise from the street due to rubbish windows: kept me awake all night. I was also next to a corridor door so heard the other guests constantly walking around and the door sqeaking and closing. Couldn't check in until 4pm which is ridiculous and wished I'd booked somewhere else, the minute I walked in. This is not the cheapest hotel, I paid over £100 for 1 person. Breakfast was ok but nothing special - staff unfriendly in the morning. Overall -…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or580-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No free WI-FI,"Hi everyone! I need to inform everybody that this hotel does not provide its costumers with free WI-FI!! They charge you if you want to use it. What a Joke! Even Youth Hostels have it!!! Moreover, the people that work in the evening at the reception are not too kind.The people working in the morning were really nice and helpful though. I would not recommend this hotel. Next time I will use another one.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or585-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Got what we paid for,"Weekend break only paid £100.00 a night so cheap deal compared to other hotels in London. A few stops away from Paddington the station which we arrived from and round the corner from the tube Queensway so your literally out of the door and on the tube each day. Queensway has a fab little highstreet full of resteraunts and shops. The hotel is basic. We had an okay room 422 on the fourth floor with a  lovely shower. The room was spotless and sheets and bathroom was cleaned for us while we were out. Breakfast is basic. Scrambled egg, sausages, beans, mushrooms. Toast, croissants, youghurts, cereals and bread rolls all basic quality. Only had a sausage sandwich each morning and some orange juice and it was fine and did the job. We were literally out of the hotel from  8am - 1am in…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or585-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Worst hotel I've ever stayed in, tiny stifling hot room, no mattress protector, poor cleanliness, minimal tea & coffee supplies, bathroom started to smell terrible towards the end of our 7 night stay (would have left but we'd already paid in full). No free wi-fi. Staff unfriendly & unhelpful. Inadequate breakfast. Being an old house it was difficult to maneuver hallways & staircases, not great for elderly people.  Really not worth the money we paid, would definitely not stay there ever again.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or585-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay in this hotel,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in, me and my daughter stayed for 2 nights, the room was so tiny, the wind was howling through the wood rotten Windows, I had to block the draft with towels, a big gap under the room door, and you couldn't open bathroom door fully it would bash the bed, you had to squeeze through to get into bathroom, walls were full of black mouldy marks, it was so dirty, I never slept for the two nights, with the wind howling through the windows,and the noise of a fight outside the hotel, glasses getting thrown and a girl screaming it was horrendous. You could here peoples conversations in the next room, and constant banging of doors. It was a flee pit. Staff so unhelpful, and so unfriendly. Please don't stay here.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or585-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent location and great value for money,"An excellent location, so close to the tubes at Queensway and Bayswater, but also only 15 minutes walk to Marble Arch. A pleasant hotel with friendly, polite staff. My only criticism is that the self-service buffet at breakfast could be better organised, as it tended to be over-crowded with most of the facilities in one cramped corner. If the buffet, which was tasty, was laid out in a long line, people could more easily help themselves.              ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or585-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",More than I expected,"For a cheap hotel this was clean and tidy, plenty of staff about, a great buffet breakfast which you could fill up on for the day - I didn't need any more food until evening - and even brown toast and great little croisants. A few minutes from the park and the tube made it one of the best cheap hotels I've stayed at",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or590-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Holiday,"I never complain but nearly everything about this hotel irritated me!! A week before I stayed in the hotel they took a pre authorisation fee from my bank account, when I rang they told me they would just take the balance of the final payment from my card when I arrived so I would not be doubly charged but 2 days after I left the hotel £120 was froze from my account and not released back into my account for another 3 day.. I have no idea why they did this or got no explanation!! I found the staff with the exception of 2 people to be very rude and unhelpful.. Breakfast was horrible.. I paid for a full English breakfast and ended up eating only a bread roll.. Their was no bacon, no pudding, no hash brown, no fried egg, food I would usually associate with an English breakfast!! I…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or590-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Night out in London,"The hotel is well situated, located on a quiet street not far from Hyde park and very close to Queensway underground station.  Upon our arrival, when I introduce myself I was asked to fill a registration form as always in hotels. I was also asked twice to put either my passport or ID card number by the receptionist.  As my surname is of French origins, I can only think that the receptionist assumed that I travelled from abroad which I was taking a bit aback about.  The reception team wasn't terribly helpful, not giving us a code for the wifi when I asked about it. Wifi isn't free.  The twin room was very small, and the bathroom nice and clean. The safe wasn't working and we were lacking the remote control for the air conditioning unit.  My friend and I went to a concert that…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or590-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad Internet connection ,"The internet is too slow and you need to pay £2 per hour, when you ask in reception about the connection the say that they don't know how to solve, so you pay for nothing!!. I hope they can work on this for the customers because is important to have good connecrion specially if you pay for the service.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or590-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Conveniently Located,"Stayed for 3 nights in October. It is a good location for visiting The Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Palace etc. It is a short taxi ride from Paddington Station. Tube stations were 10 mins walk away or taxis can be ordered. Shops, restaurants and pubs were a short walk away. The Staff were friendly. Our room was compact, clean and quiet. We had good nights sleep. There was a variety on offer for breakfast; besides the usual cold meats, cereals, yoghurt, fruit, etc. there was a cooked breakfast also on offer. This consisted of scrambled egg, sausages, beans, tomato and mushrooms but no bacon!! The dining area can get very busy at times. For London, this hotel is good value for money. The room numbering system was a bit confusing at first.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or590-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's a bed for the night!,Having read other reviews about the hotel I was slightly apprehensive about our trip. When we booked in staff were pleasant enough. Our room was small but adequate for what we needed. The room could do with a lick of paint and tidy up but if you want luxury you have to pay for it. Breakfast was ok. No bacon and the sausages obviously wasn't pork but you can bulk up for the day and everything was hot and freshly done. The area the hotel was in was on the outskirts of Kensington Gardens and a good walk into the centre of London. A cosmopolitan area with a good selection of eating places. On the whole a pleasant experience.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or595-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wasn't happy,"I have stayed at this hotel in Feb, we stayed 24th Oct 2015. My sister booked it again for my 50th Treat visit to London. One room which was a triple couldn't be accessed till after 2pm. When my sister went to go in the room after 2 pm was told it still wasn't ready she had to wait about 45 mins. The beds are rock hard or with no stuffing could feel every spring. The heat inside the rooms is unbearable. The air con does not work or is just turned off as the air con didn't work in any of our rooms we had booked 3. My sister and I shared a room we had to share a double bed no problems with that. Being a size extra healthy we struggled to use the toilet as you had to lean over the sink to get to the toilet. The toilet paper was neither any use. The room felt claustrophobic. We left…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or595-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,I've stayed here many times now when I'm in London but it was the first time my husband had stayed. on first look you might think it looks a bit tired and needs a face lift but although the rooms are quite small and the beds are not the most comfortable I've slept on they are very clean and there is a small flat screen TV and tea making equipment  but the best bit is location. 2 mins walk from Queens way station on central (red) tube line and 5 mins from Bayswater station. many many restaurants shops and supermarkets in the area and a step away from Hyde park and an easy stroll to marble arch in one direction and Kensington Palace in the other. If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a great location I highly recommend.  but I can't recommend the breakfast. sorry.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or595-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Central! Reasonable price! Not the cleanest!,"Stayed here on the last night of my London trip. Last minute booking so the price was acceptable. Easy to find!  Room: Small but acceptable for London standards. Toilet is not the cleanest (some equipments are rusty, toilet seat stained), TV barely worked and when I phoned the reception, said technicians will come in the morning (which wasn't helpful 'coz I leave the next day). Breakfast was so so.  Location: Walking distance to the Queensway (central line) tube station and pretty much everything else you need.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or595-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","For the money, a great hotel","I read the reviews before I went, so I was not sure what to expect. We arrived early on a Thursday and couldn't check in yet, bummer, but they do offer a luggage storage area so it was ok. When we did check in, I admit the room was small, two twin beds and not much else. Once we got used to that, the rest of our stay went great. The breakfast buffet is good, best scrambled eggs ever. The room was clean, no noise problem at night and the staff was friendly and helpful.The wi-fi issue is dumb, I agree that charging for it is silly, that would be my only, minor, complaint. However, everyplace in London has free wi-fi so it wasn't really an issue. I would stay here again, the location is excellent, two underground stations right around the corner, and a ton of restaurants also.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or595-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",2nd visit & not so good!,"I stayed for 2 nights here last week & chose a single room as these were on offer. I am very sorry to say that the room was very small & noisy. Every step you took in the room was creaky & you could here others in their rooms nearby. Sleeping was difficult as the single bed (small) was right against the wall. Every time I turned over in the night I banged my head, knees against the wall which woke me up. This was my 2nd stay here, the 1st of which I reviewed as good, but I will not be staying here again as I think there are better hotels in the area at similar prices.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or600-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",We stayed one night to go to the Theatre,"We had a twin room on the 5th Floor.  This is a budget hotel with a constant turnover.  Staff are helpful and pleasant, room small but linen good and clean, bathroom clean, not too noisy.  A good night's sleep.  Breakfast is adequate, and staff regularly top it up - hot food as well as continental breakfast.  For the price - very good.  Not far from both Bayswater and Queensway tube, so clsoe to all the attractions.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or600-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean and Adequate--Get with the times, nobody charges for WiFi anymore","I stayed here on two separate occasions for a total 6 nights.  Rooms were very small and loud.  In my first room there was a gap between the floor and the entry door of about 1.5 inches that let in a lot of hallway noise.  Rooms facing the street are awoken every morning around 6 am by rubbish trucks and deliveries to the other hotels and businesses.  It was difficult to move about the room when my bag was open.  The bathrooms were small and poorly organized.  The service was hot and cold.  Some of the staff were friendly and helpful while others were, for lack of a better term, jerks.  This hotel has a lot of potential and a great location.  It is too bad it is not being utilized.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or600-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A typical Bayswater hotel,"Central and rather cheap. Excellent service. But it needs renovation! Old carpet on the floor in the room, nad wall needs new paint. The breakfast is ok, but the sausages must be the worst I have ever tasted. One day they tasted cartboard, and the other day they tastet pure fat. The Third day I dropped eating sausages :-) But othervice the breakfast was good. But it is rather cheap and Central, so it is a good base for a Shorter London vacation. No free wifi. Good service and very good cleaning personell.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or600-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean but disappointing,"Location is great as its situated on the fringe of Hyde Park and Kensignton Gardens. Short walk to both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and plenty of cheap eats close by. The staff are friendly but not always helpful. The breakfast is simply with many things combing from a tin, but the breakfast was adequate and the breakfast room staff were very kind and helpful. The room was tiny, we were travelling with our 10 month old and once we had the cott up and the stroller in the room there was less than one square meter of carpet left. The walls are marked and grubby but the room was clean at least. Our room had an AC unit but we couldn't get it to work and we asked for help we were told that our floor did not have AC but there was a small desk top fan in the cupboard should we…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or600-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel,"Stayed here for one night and was pleasantly surprised, especially as we had already booked for 3 nights at the end of the month, given a family room which had a double and single bed, room not that big but OK for what is needed, en suite very nice, breakfast nice and fresh, staff very pleasant and friendly, if I had any complaint it would be that it took quite a while to check in but maybe that was because the Rugby World Cup was being played",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or605-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",NEEDS TLC,"Basic hotel. Stayed one night. Reception staff very friendly, allocated a room on the ground floor as requested when booking as my wife has difficulty walking far. Room size was adequate with double bed, bedding very clean, mattress comfortable. Had tea & coffee available in room, hairdryer, built in wardrobe and a safe. Also had bathroom to side with bath/shower and included some toiletries. Breakfast was included and was really good. Choice of starters and then full English (couldn't find any bacon) or continental. Fruit juices and tea/coffee. Most enjoyable, eat as much or as little as you wanted. Unfortunately, a slight downside. The room that we were in certainly needed some TLC. The woodwork was discoloured and scratched and there were plenty of marks on the wall. Nothing…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or605-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average and basic hotel,"Basic hotel, clean but decor could do with an overhaul. Only one pillow per bed, we asked for more but was told at reception there aren't any! Is this possible for a large hotel? Breakfast plentiful, buffet style, no bacon and tin mushrooms. Shower good. Lift to all 5 floors. Bayswater tube station just round the corner. Ideal base for London sightseeing with shops nearby still open up to 10pm ish. Our room looked on to the road and was quite noisy with the window open.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or605-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay,"The rooms are OK and clean, while the corridors are a bit run down. The bathroom in the room was clean but at first it smelled a little of mould. This was solved after a few hours keeping the light on (it activated the extractor). The breakfast is not lush, but definitely OK. The position is good, as it is close to Queensway tube and Paddington (15 minutes walk). Prices are adequate.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or605-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fair enough and nice,Quite a nice room.   Two double beds which was a bit of extra luxury. Pleasant enough place. And great value for the money I paid.     The staff were friendly and efficient and no messing about on arrival.  The room even had aircon.  The only drawback was that the room was in the basement and didn't have much natural light.  ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or605-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unnecessarily annoying,"No early check in and then a bundle at 2pm, wifi lies about not being free when it was on my conf and making my go back to reception to collect a code when they could have given it over the phone, bathroom size and layout (couldn't even sit on the toilet properly when there could have been plenty of room) - all annoying and needless/petty",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or610-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great. ,Cheap and affordable. Room was massive. Had 2 single beds and one double when only the double was required. Breakfast was adequate and the en suite bathroom was clean and came with shampoo and shower gel etc. ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or610-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A great stay,"We stayed from 20th September for 1 night. Room a bit small but it was adequate. Thee bed was clean and although it only had one pillow we asked for 2 more and they were supplied very quickly. The bed creaked a bit every time you turned over but it didn't keep us awake. The room was lovely and warm but as it was a chilly night, again it didn't bother us. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice whether it be English or Continental  As for the tea - it was boiling hot. Good orange juice , not watery. We will definitely be coming back. We weren't sure what to expect for £25 a night each but it was great.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or610-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great breakfast! ,"When my sister and I checked in we got really turned around because the rooms and floors are historic and therefore not intuitive. Our room was located in the basement behind two sets of doors so we struggled to find it. It would have been nice to have a guide to show us to and from our room. We also felt like we got attitude from the front desk staff at check-in because we had to ask 3 times where to find our room.   Once we got settled in our room, we loved our stay! The room was quaint and the breakfast selection was awesome!!! ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or610-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stressful breakfast,"This was in a great location as we were attending an event in Hyde park and on arrival we were greeted by friendly staff at reception. However it was downhill and dissapointing after that. Clean but very basic , the impression is how little can we get away with giving customers for their money. Tea and coffee but no biscuits, only one pillow, tiny TV, pay to use wifi, tiny bath towels. Breakfast, normally a relaxing time of day was like a cattle market. The dining room had tables squeezed in and even then wasn't able to accommodate guests, with nobody managing the diners finding a seat was a bit of a free for all, while staff struggled to clear tables. Continental breakfast was available if you could manage to squeeze around the servery to collect it and again skimpy, tiny cups…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or610-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",perfect example of rip off britain,"I am not someone who delights in making complaints. However, i felt my experience of  this hotel needed tobe known. The double room was very small and very warm,the room backed on to what looked like plaster board,but seemed ok as me and my husband weren't  planning  on staying in for the evening. After a long day we returned to our roomand was woken up by some loud workers coming from next door,it was so loud and started about 5ish and continued till pass 8 in the morning.i was so tired i felt ill and my husband and i had no choice but to leave london early instead of doing what we planned ,which was to carry on sightseeing ,we were shattered .when we complained to the reception they did not seem bothered,i asked to speak to the manager for a refund and he did not seem…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or615-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Should have read the reviews before booking,Booked a triple room for one night. While in the room before we went out one of the legs on the single bed came off reported it to reception who said it would be repaired while we were out. Came back after midnight to find it was still broken. Reported again to reception who gave us an ice bucket to stand the bed on. Not successful. Room very small and very hot. Breakfast sausages more bread than meat and overcooked. Staff very unhelpful and not polite. Glad our stay was only one night. Will not use again. Shame foreign tourists see this as an example of British hotels.,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or615-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Depends on your expectations,"When reviewing a hotel or a place I try to be as open and honest as I can. Having travelled far and wide it wasn't the most pleasant of hotels but it wasn't any where near as bad as some previous reviews are reporting! With that said, this was an overnight stay (package deal with theatre tickets) for a West End Show. The reception staff were pleasant and we received a warm welcome. The conceirge just about managed to hold the door open for us and the conceirge just about managed to be behind us whenever we were lifting heavy suitcases etc. He never actually helped, but was there. The room itself was at the end of a long corridor with a few steps down after exiting the lift. Yes, it is fair to say it could do with a splash of fresh paint and the plug was missing from the sink but…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or615-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"I stayed there for one night only(i had some stuff to do around that area). Walking distance from Paddington station and next to Hyde Park. The room was clean and warm(just what i wanted for a night). Hotel is on a quiet street. I wouldnt recomend it for a holliday with high expectations,but for a short stay is a good option. Staff not very friendly+they dont speak good english. Elevators not working properly. Luckily i had my own internet,otherwise u have to pay 3£/day for wi-fi.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or615-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"Was booked into this hotel through Short Breaks last weekend.  It was absolutely awful.  The room we stayed in (Room 9) was dirty, as was the shower, with hairs in the shower basin and also the sink.  The toilet holder was dirty and rusty.  The window, when we finally was able to open it, led on to a weed laden balcony and there was absolutely no paint on the window frames or sills, which were filthy dirty.  There was a small double bed and one single in the room (there were only 2 of us)  and only just enough room to squeeze by at the foot of the bed, which had a worn mattress and no springs.  There was a table in between the beds with a kettle on, which was a danger in itself as it was touching the bed and in the night I knocked the kettle over!  There were no bedside lamps,…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or615-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","One night stay, you get what you pay for","If already ready a few reviews before going, knew what to expect. Staff ok, entrance hall good, ideal for tube stations, room was tiny and bathroom even smaller but ok, all was clean and tidy. Only down fall not expected was the heat in the rooms and the breakfast was horrid!! Tinned mushrooms!! The noise during the night and early morning was far too loud. Probably wouldn't stop here again! ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or620-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay,We stayed at this hotel for one night. It was pleasant enough for the one night however when going in to our room it had a horrendous smell which we could only assume was the drains and really needs to be addressed. The staff was OK but could be more welcoming. The breakfast was what you expect for a 3* hotel however you have to pay extra for bacon. The location is brilliant just be aware there is no parking around the hotel however we did find an underground car park a few minutes walk away. Overall it was good value for money. Our room was a nice size. I probably wouldn't stay here again as the overall feeling of the hotel was brilliant and needs some updating but was good enough for one night stay. ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or620-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",a very good affordable base,"I stay in this hotel regularly as I often work in London, its a very good base as its close to Queensway tube station. There are numerous bars and restaurants within a five minute walk. T.he hotel is clean and comfortable and breakfast is in the price",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or620-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous Hotel and Rude Service.,"I have never written a review before but i so shocked and disgusted in this hotel, i had to voice my opinion.  Me and my partner stayed at this hotel last night (8th, September, 2015) We booked the hotel with 'Super Breaks', I would like confirm we had no issue with our booking through Super Breaks and it is only the hotel we were very unsatisfied with.  On arrival at the hotel there was people stood out side smoking and shouting making us feel very uncomfortable and gave the hotel a bad impression instantly.  Once checked in, we went straight to out room which was on first floor with the window face the front outside of the hotel and also right opposite the disabled toilets, both of which caused major problems during our stay, as the toilets were direct from our room, we could…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or620-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel and service.,"I been there, the hotel is old and kind of abandoned. They give us a room disorderly and even with a condon gaebage on the bin. The worst was when I went to reseption to complain and the supervisor was very rude. The alloways was very narrow and was very difficult move. We had 4 heavy luggage and they give us a room 2 flors up and very hard to get there. We complain again and they give us an other room nearest than the first one but still nobody offer to us change. Horrible expirience.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or620-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant but do your homework first!,"I booked a single room - it was tiny but adequately comfortable.  The location of the hotel is good which was my reason for choosing it - a choice of Bayswater or Queensway tube stations close by. No included/free wi-fi is always a bad thing.  I told management this & was given one complimentary hour to check emails etc.  I read a review by someone who had a room in the basement so I specified I needed a room with a pleasant outlook to avoid being given one with no natural light.  The bathroom was petite but beautifully renovated.  Breakfast was good - no complaints, but understand this isn't the Ritz.  I requested a room with a pleasant outlook.  Be really specific when booking & ask questions about disabled access, smoking, size of room, location of room etc.  You don't get…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or625-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never stay here,"Arrived on the 28th August to find the Hotel was not buggy friendly nor was it disabled friendly, each floor had stairs and 1 good size lift the other two lifts were so small you can not put a buggy or wheelchair in. The breakfast was ok but not a full english as advertised. Rooms are pokey and the bathrooms are so small you'd better not suffer from enclosed spaces.  Walls are grubby, central heating is non existant and you get offered a fan and the windows are not child proove and can be opened fully, some rooms also have stairs right outside their room, so definitely not safe, if you book at this hotel remember you can not cancel free of charge as they will charge you the full amount , the staff and management will not go out their way to make you happy instead they will make…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or625-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",this hotel is not disabled or pushchair friendly at all,"stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, when booked, me and my family requested 2 rooms 1 double with cot and another room with 2 junior beds, and we asked for 2 rooms next door to one another, when we arrived there was no access for wheelchairs and pushchairs  when me and my family checked in, we was told that the rooms we requested we not next door to each other, when we got to our floor which was the 5th floor, there were stairs to get the pushchairs down, rooms were so cramped and overheated, when a family member got to her room when she requested online for 2 junior beds, no junior beds were in her room, went back to reception to ask where the junior beds were, and the staff told me and my family member she would have to pay £40 per night to go to a bigger room, staff wasnt…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or625-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"Would never ever recommend tho hotel to anyone. What an absolute load of rubbish. Hotel room hotter than hell. Breakfast rubbish. Staff very very rude and few speak good English. No water one day, except for that pouring through the air conditioning unit above the breakfast bar. Only good thing is that its in a great location, but even that would not make me go back. Quite possibly the worse hotel I have ever stayed in",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or625-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Far to hot 😡,"We stayed for one night, I was impressed from the moment we walked into this hotel, the lobby was very clean and cool and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We were able to store our cases in a room before and after our stay. We were told where our room was and there was a lift up to the floor. The room was big and roomy with 2 single beds and a double with an ensuite, the room was very very very hot and although a small fan was supplied it didn't do anything. It's in a great location with tube stations just down the road. Breakfast was included in the price but it was very busy come breakfast time and there wasn't enough seating for people, the breakfast was a buffet type help yourself. I would stay here again but only if there was air con.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or625-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not child/disabled friendly,"Booked this hotel for a family, had asked for 2 bedrooms on ground floor ajoining to each other, this was over looked, instead we got 2 bedrooms on the 5th floor and at either end of the corridor, the 2nd bedroom was very close to stairs  so definitely not suitable for children as there are no doors to protect the little ones, the hotel does not have a disabled ramp or access to the hotel either so if you are wheelchair bound forget staying here. They offer full english breakfast but instead you get scrambled eggs, tomatoes, sausages and beans, when complained about the lack of fried eggs, bacon and hash browns, we were told they were aware of it.  Dont even bother booking here either, they do not offer a free cancellation policy and the door locks are broken, the bedrooms are…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or630-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"Nice enough hotel for a weekend. Air con and a good shower. Rooms are on the small side but if you don't plan to stay in all day it's fine. Breakfast is good for the price of room. The only bad thing was the beds. Old, squeaky and very springy!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or630-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend,"I booked a triple room which was a double and a single. It was on the top floor. Room was very warm, but did have a fan. Had a good nights sleep after spending the day in London. Found breakfast adequate for us. Yes, I would book this hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or630-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Mixed experience, but all in all okay.","My friend and I had booked 3 nights and breakfast. The hotel is very close to Kensington Gardens and the Queensway underground station. Lots of restaurants close to the hotel, and also a bit of shopping. The stay was a mixed experience. We got a clean room, with a little window, a very fine bathroom and aircondition. We were very happy with the cleaning throughout the stay. The bed seemed old and you could feel the springs very clearly, but we managed, since it was just 3 nights.  The breakfast was not a hit. Sausage, scrambled eggs, beans, toast, butter, jam, honey, yoghurt, juice, coffee and tea - it was a simple selection and thats okay with me, but none of it tasted very good. I recommend finding breakfast at starbucks, Pret a manger, or somewhere else in the city. The staff…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or630-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms,"I had booked online through a third party website and ended up with a room which had a blank wall for a view! It's an old hotel with small rooms. Something that is not surprising considering London standards.  There are lots of restaurants and cafes about 5 mins away by walk. You are sure to come across restaurants serving cuisines from all around the world on this little stretch. In the same stretch you also have the Bayswater tube station.   What the hotel lacks in class, the staff makes up for it...  ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or630-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Location is good,"Stayed here in October for a few nights and found the location ideal, the hotel was basic, but clean and did the job at a reasonable price. It was close to an underground station about 5 minutes walk. The breakfast was basic but did the job and set us up for a day out in London. I would definitely recommend this hotel.   Only issue we had was  the wi-fi was very expensive and even after paying we had very poor connection in our room.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or635-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,The money we paid for the hotel was good. The location was great. Hotel room was very small. No air conditioning so the room was roasting. Just a little window to get some fresh air in. Walls of the room very thin could hear what the room next to us was saying at 3 in the morning. Breakfast was average. ,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or635-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Comtemporary but Compact","We found the hotel very clean and overall very modern. The rooms had a well-finished, contemporary decor and were adequate in facilities including tea/coffee, hairdrier and a selection of basic toiletries (i.e. shampoo, bath/shower gels, shower cap and soap). When we initially arrived to our room, we were surprised to see that they were very compact - much smaller than we had originally expected, but the arrangement of the furniture was set out well to maximise the available space, and so we weren't too bothered by this. Although small (around 4m x 5m for a double room) and a little warm due to the small window and weak air conditioning, for the price we paid we felt very satisfied. The walls of the accommodation rooms were fairly thin, and there was a small gap under the door…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or635-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL,"my family and i had a very bad visit in this hotel in london. first, our room was underground and the elevator was very small. there was no air conditioning the whole visit, the second night there was no light, and the third night no cold water. we couldn't shower with burning hot water. the breakfast also sucked and there wasn't enough tables/chairs for everyone to eat. another terrible thing is that on our last day the fire alarm rang and woke everyone up when there was no reason for it. also, our receipts said that there was free wifi, when there wasn't. the service was terrible and I definitely recommend you DO NOT come to this hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or635-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel,"This hotel is situated nearby subway station Queensway, which is ideal for fast access to the centre of London.  This hotel is very average, our room (4 persons) was situated in the basement, which was very hot and the airconditioning wasn't working, we only had 1 fan and that wasn't enough. The shower was small but ok, and clean. Since we booked through the site, we got free wifi, but couldn't access it in the basement, so no wifi at your room is available, you have to be in the lobby. Breakfast was served between 7 and 10 am every morning, it's busy, but it gets restocked whenever something was empty. Breakfast itself was below average. Not a lot of options available for toast, only jam and cheese. There also is a hot breakfast which consits of white beans, tomatoes (can),…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or635-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Location is King in Queens Park - but that is all.,"""Location is King"" must be the managements way of thinking. And the location is absolutely fine. Only 50 m from Hyde Park and 200 m from Queensway Underground. A quiet and perfect place for a short holiday in London. But location isn't all. Of course you will spend most of the hours walking around in London but you do need to sleep a little. And in a very small, very hot room with a small ""window"" where you can look in a wall 50 cm away and with very old beds you don't want to spend more hours than absolutely nessecary. The matresses are much too old and should have been changed long ago and the temperature in the room very high. If you are young you might be able to get a good nights sleep, otherwise not.  Breakfast was included and was ok but not more. Beans, scrambled egg,…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or640-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The pictures are a lie,"Never have been to a more horrible hotel than this one. They have like 9 good rooms and use these for the pictures. The other 40 or something are in a terrible condition. If you like your back don't sleep here. The mattresses are worn out. We received directly after a complaint one of the good  rooms so, complain if you're going to stay here! ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or640-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pony,Absolutely awful hotel. Our room was hardly big enough to fit the bed and and bathroom was a small box that stank of drains. Was v hot and stuffy and just one window which overlooked a beautiful wall so was a lovely view as you can imagine. £110 we thought was pretty good but actually for an extra £30 we could have booked a beautiful apartment which in hindsight we wished we did. Decor in rooms and hall ways are very dirty and needs a lot of work to freshen up. Maid knocked on our door twice on Sunday morning and woke us up both times when we were trying to make the most of our first lay in together in 3 years (3 year old daughter).Would not stay here again unfortunately. ,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or640-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Experience!,"The only decent thing I can say about this hotel was the location was okay, and the breakfast, otherwise I would not recommend staying here! Firstly when we got in, we asked about wifi and we were told for 24hrs it would cost £10, so of course we thought this was fine and paid for it. It wasn't until we were in our room that we realised there was no wifi signal there (?!) and when I complained (and spoke to a very rude member of staff) I was told I wasn't able to get a refund. If I had known this then I most definitely would not have paid for it. Apparently we were supposed to be warned before buying but no one said a word about it.  Next was the heat of the hotel! No air con what so ever and it was the stuffiest place I have ever been, I could hardly breath in the room! The…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or640-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Ok location pretty close Hyde park. We walked from Hyde parks other side which took long time. The park is big!! Room ok, but not the shower. The water was hot on One side, the other side was Was Even hotter. We couldnt flush the toilet after a shorter shower, but had to wait for 15 mins.., The alternativs for Continental breakfast was very good. But the breakfast room was small and lot of guests, lead to a very  loudy atmosphere",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or640-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but that is about as much","Stayed here for 2 nights while the location was perfect the hotel itself isn't great! We were in the basement, rooms are dark and hot, air conditioning didn't work! When we walked into the room first thing we smelt was the smell of paint! You have to pay for WiFi in your room and lobby!   Breakfast is poor, choice of 2 cereals, tinned fruit, tinned mushrooms, tinned plum tomatoes, scrambled egg or sausage!   One of the nights we went to our room early, and the tv didn't work, rang reception, 20 minutes later a member of staff came down, done nothing to help and left! We then rang reception again looking for free WiFi seems the tv wasn't working, they offered us an hour free and that they would send someone down with the info needed, no one arrived!!!   On check out we asked to…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or645-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good base and good value for money,"We were perfectly satisfied, large clean room, quiet and breakfast fine. Easy for transport links and strolling in the park.Not luxurious but good value for what we paid. I think some people on these sites just like to moan!                                   ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or645-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",hot & noisy,Good location for access to central London. Decent buffet breakfast included in room rate. However ... Very expensive (especially Saturday nights). Rooms tiny and stuffy. No aircon in rooms we had. Single room had small locked window - had to have electric fan on all night. En suites tiny and dated. Hotel very noisy all night outside (+with some guests also tramping and talking loudly in the corridors through the night). WiFi charged as an extra.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or645-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","No wifi, no AC, circuits blown, unhelpful staff","We stayed in this hotel for four nights in June. I paid extra for wifi, but it was so weak we couldn't connect anywhere -- even the lobby. The staff at the desk was useless. A circuit blew in our room (only charging a phone!), and it took them over 24 hours to get it reset. I reminded them about 4 times, and in the end, I found the maintenance guy wandering around and told him myself. The room was hot with no air flow, and right outside our first floor window was a bunch of barbed wire, so I wasn't keen on keeping our windows open when we were out. Location was fine, and breakfast was pretty reasonable.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or645-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible dirty room with no A/C .,"Me and my daughter stay in Queens Park hotel from 6/29-7/1 2015. They put as in the room 527 on the top floor which looks like a extension from the original building. The hotel lobby has cool A/C 24/7 but very limited A/C rooms for guests. They told us late June and Early Juky weather is not hot enough to to require A/C. They suggest us to open the window ( which has spider Webb and no screen installed) and turn on the small portable fans. We can really sleep for the entire stay because the room temperature was about more than 100 degree.  Insect and bugs flew into our room when window open. As matter of fact their cleaning lady couldn't stand the heat, open our only one room window and forgot to close it when she left.  As the result, the bed were covered with dust and more…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or645-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for........,Stayed here as a last minute cheapy as going to BST at Hyde park. Payed £55 for a room. Very cheap for the middle of London and right next to Hyde Park. You get what you pay for. Room was ok to sleep in for a night nothing more.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or650-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't ask for more for the price!,"Ok, so the room was small and a bit stuffy, but other than that I can't complain.   Location: London Centre, just off Hyde Park Price paid: £45 a night  That should say it all!   It was never gonna be luxury, but I got a small, clean room with a good size telly and a modern bathroom, with a shower a bulky 6 foot 4 gent could clean himself in! Breakfast choice was limited, but everything I had was tasty and it was included in the price!  I was a little worried having paid so little for my room, but I can honestly say that it exceeded all of my expectations and I will be back (providing I can get a similar deal!).",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or650-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok hotel,"Shower cubicle a little small. The food in the restaurant could have been better , the area was very noisy could have been designed better. The double room was Very small no value for the money but the larger triple room was ok.  clean rooms, good beds , water pressure in shower very good. Staff very friendly. ",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or650-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It got the job done,First off the hotel location was really good they had a nice clean lobby and a breakfast included. However the lifts are old as they get and so small I couldn't fit me and my bag hardly in to go to my room in the very back of the basement and the hallway back was musty and muggy but once in the room it was fine the room itself was great only stayed two days to see things didn't spend much time except to sleep but it did the trick and good prices,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or650-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay over,"Well what can I say-we booked this so we had a short walk to Hyde Park-unfortunately it was a bit of a trek but hey that was bearable! I did look at previous reviews but decided to make our own minds up! It was £144 for one night-way inflated price!!!  The room was tiny-appears that rooms are shoe horned in all over the place. It was tired and required a much needed update.  It was incredible hot although there was a fan this made no difference . The breakfast was quite possibly  the worse I have had-it was bland with basic sausage, scrambled egg, tinned tomatoes and tinned mushrooms. To try to disguise the blandness I asked for sauce-no sauce though!!Stick to the croissants!!! We certainly will not bet returning!! ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or650-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVERAGE,"Very small rooms, clean and breakfast average, you get what you pay for. The location is very good, next to the park and round the corner from the tube station. The staff were very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or655-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",queen's park hotel experience,The room was a twin looked a good size in the photos.  2 night stay was reduced from 900.00 to 130.00 bargain I thought. Well good job I didnt pay the full price. Couldn't swing a cat in the twin room. Very tired decor every single floorboard squeezed.  My bed rocked like a bad.  Noise coming from a joining rooms hallway. No airpot divining as advertised. Breakfast No BACON tinned tomatoes tinned mushrooms value sausages. Tinned fruit. Pastries we ok. So wouldnt recommend even at the discounted rate. Staff were good manored.  Had to get keys changed on 3 occasions.  Manager having a very load disagreement with a guest in public.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or655-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",will not be going back,"Retired couple on holiday in Londin. The room was small and dingy, one teabag each and everything of the lowest quality including breakfast. Staff were surly  . The only reason to stay there would be the price and location.. We would definitely not go back.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or655-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I was almost sick when walked in to toilet,Check in was quick and easy. It all went downhill when got to the room. The bathroom smelt lifted toilet seat to find a used condom floating and human wast all over the toilet. I rang reception and was told the cleaner had done the room but must of missed bathroom how I will never know you could smell it through the closed door. The room had stained carpets and walls the bed was so uncomfortable and the place was noisy. The cleaner came back to clean the bathroom and mumbled under her breath the entire time. The rooms are inadequate and small and the bathroom was so small that you could not use the toilet without banging yourself on the sink. ,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or655-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location close to tube and Paddington station when coming by Heathrow express can walk to hotel,"Staff are not interested don't even look up their computers when you say hello. No fridge in room, stuffy rooms air conditioning to hot breakfast was exactly the same every day for a week reconstituted scrambled eggs sausage baked beans and tinned tomatoes and mushrooms would not recomend",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or655-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AMAZING SERVICE,"stayed there for 3 nights for my wife's birthday. Great location and close to Bayswater station, also Hyde Park is so close. Rooms are tiny but the staff all had big hearts. Special mentioned to Robert the Concierge for giving us the best tours, also Lindsey and Josie for there great customer service.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or660-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad!!,"I have stayed all over the world in many grotty places too but nothing compared to the smell is room 18 when we got in! One of us vomited after 20 seconds of entry,it was that bad. Immediately reception was informed and the  guy on reception was very nice and apologetic,changed room immediately. Unfortunately the room we was moved into was  tiny. Walls so thin I could here the person next to us passing wind! No air conditioning and awful cushions /bed. Wall Socket came out of wall when charger pulled out!!! If you like no sleep and the sound of doors banging ,people talking and a bad breakfast then this the place for you!!Oh and the best part is l payed nearly  £350 for two nights and came out more stressed and tired than I was before! I've had better nights at casino even after…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or660-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens park hotel,"Great location,non helpful staff,rooms poorly ventilated and lack air condotioning,very hot and stuffy in summer,,good for a price point but not the best of the bunch,we had a much better experience in London overall previously,family rooms significantly better than doubles,small bathrooms,mediocre breakfast",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or660-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, clean rooms..Room for improvment","I stayed there a couple of months ago, The location is amazing for tourists. Close to everything. Room was small but clean, only downside is the moving bed on wheels. Wifi is very expensive. 10 £ for 24 hours. To add, in my room the wifi wasn't even working. Had to sit in the lobby. Breakfast was nice, though I only had it once during my week stay.  Front desk was nice except to one receptionist who was a bit rude to me, because I asked too many questions to his belief.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or660-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable & good location,I recently stayed here for a 2 night stay & am pleased to say that my room was very comfortable & clean. Very nice shower room & the bed was great. Very good location with 3 underground stations very close. The price was reasonable for early June & I have already booked a return stay in October which I got a very good deal on for another 2 night stay.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or660-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just fine...,"Stayed here for two nights a few weeks back with my boyfriend.  Great location, I know area fairly well so really handy to everything. Nice street and felt safe. Hotel was ok, nothing to shout about but would stay again if nothing else was available. No major complaints except just very stuffy in the room. It was a double room but very, very small for a double in my opinion. Breakfast wasn't great but good to grab a yogurt, have some fruit and toast to start the day - cooked selection wasn't nice.   Asked for an iron on the second night and the lady on the front desk was a little uptight but then I think that's just because she was occupied. She wasn't friendly but I wasn't too concerned! Shower was good, bed comfortable and TV worked fine. No radio channels on the TV though?  …",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or665-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unhelpfull staff!! No bacon for breakfast just cheap sausage!! No bar fo ra light refreshment.,"Took my kids their for three nights for a little break after two nights id had enough and left early. If you asked the staff for anythig the answer was a NO! asked for ice like it says in the hotel handbook but they dont have it!! another quest asked for adaptor like it says in handbook the answer was NO!  Breakfast did not include bacon or fruit i am on slimming world and expected these items to be included. Room was very very hot and im only small at 5.1inch but when i sat on the toilet my chin was touching the sink, so god help any bigger person.  I will return to London again but only to stay in a travelodge",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or665-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a night or two,Ok hotel near Bayswater and Queensway underground stations. Hotel itself is clean but in need of refurbishment as walls are scuffed and marked. Staff are friendly. Rooms are small but normal for London. Breakfast is ok no bacon as alreday mentioned and sausages have a peculiar taste. An ok stay but not for any longer than a day or two. Average.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or665-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great central area,"I spent 10 nights at this hotel, and although the room was fairly small, it's in a great area! You're only a short walk from Hyde Park and Kensington palace as well as a few museums. Also, very short distance from the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations which made getting around London a breeze!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or665-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Small doubke rooms, paper-thin walls, average breakfast","My mum and i are visiting London from Australia. Upon arriving at the hotel, it was evident that the hotel does not respect itself enough to replace the ""C"" missing from the reception sign on the front desk. Generally, poor accomodation at least has its reception in order to snag sales. Greeted by Romanian staff, we definately felt the London experience straight away. Upon opening the double room assigned to us on level 5, we noticed it was literally  postage note size. That said, it was clean and tidy and serviced....but very, very small for 2 people. We made it our objective of our 3 day, 2 night triop to London to only sleep at the room and spend as limited time as possible there.  The breakfast was basic. No bacon (a cooked breakfast without bacon?).  Boiled mushrooms with…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or665-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The pictures were not up to expectations ...,"We spent 4 nights in this hotel, booking two double rooms. Once we arrived to the hotel, not only the room wasn’t ready (it was 10 minutes before the official check in time), but also it was unbelievable the uninterested front desk staff.  One of the rooms was faced to the street, which means more light but too noisy. Every morning at six or seven, the truck delivered some towels and other materials to the hotel in a tremendous noisy way. Although the size of room was more than enough (maybe because of that, the bathroom was too small. If you opened the door, it hit the bed). The other room was ridiculously small with no small lamps near the beds. It was faced to a mould path where you can hear every night some water falling from some machines. One big mistake was including the…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or670-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",if you are looking for a good nights sleep after a busy day in London i suggest you look elsewhere...,"Room although clean was very small,very shabby, very Hot, outside Noise from some ALL Night Revellers was horrendous & then heard some girls conversation through our paper thin wall @ 6 am!     If your looking for a restful comfy nights  sleep after a long day in London i'd suggest you book elsewhere!  oh and i shall advise super break of my findings too!",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or670-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Unimpressed - lumpy mattress, noisy air conditioning unit and breakfast madness","The staff were uninterested, too busy on their mobile phone upon check in. The room was very small, the mattress was very uncomportable and could feel the springs through the mattress. There was a very annoying constant buzzing coming from the air conditioning unit even when turned off, this was reported to reception but nothing done. The breakfast area was pure madness, too many people in such a small area, people were pushing other's out of the way just to get to the toast! they don't have any bacon either!  Not a comportable stay and not value for money either - very disappointed",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or670-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel is a Horror,"Stayed two nights May 7 and 8 after getting off a 16 day cruise on Celebrity.  Ancient old hotel, tiny closet sized rooms, cardboard like double mattress.  Hole in the floor at the foot of the bed covered by old dirty carpet.  No air conditioning, open window let in the street party noise that went on until 4:30 a.m.. Dirty walls, holes in bathroom wall.  Bath was so small, all your toiletries had to be put on the floor.  This was part of a package we took with the cruise and was advertised as a three star.  I wouldn't give it one star with the exception of its location.  It is located in Bayswater and you can walk to Hyde Park and Kensington Palace.  Don't ever stay there.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or670-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,CRAP the staff are rude and not helpful also cant understand basic English. The room was very small and the sink is in the way of the toilet. They serve a full english but with no bacon. The hotel also has very basic facilities it has no bar no microwave or mini fridge in the room over all it is crap.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or670-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money!!!!!,"When we arrived at the hotel we were a little nervous as the exterior of the hotel was a bit run down but when we got to our room (double room) we were relieved! The room was very clean apart from a few marks on the wall, the bathroom was very clean and nice. The room has a tv with loads of channels and air conditioning which was great! We didnt stay for breakfast as we didnt think it looked very appertising but overall for £100 each for 2 nights in London what do you expect, we would definitely stay again!!! Also tube very near by!!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or675-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"Lovely hotel and only a few minutes walk through the park too see Kensington Palace. Lovely location and close to the city links of the Underground. Only down side was not much night life. Great for a weekend away with the girls, just somewhere too shower and put your head.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or675-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Watch out for the ceiling falling down!!,"Yes, that indeed is what happened with us during our stay. In the middle of the night the room next to ours had a major water leakage through the ceiling and in minutes the ceiling came crashing down forcing the resident guest to vacate immediately. The adjacent room also experienced leakage through the ceiling and mind you these rooms were in the basement so it had nothing to do with any heavy rain showers or a natural calamity.  Sirens starting ringing and most of the guests in the middle of the night were at the reception fearing their safety. It seems the sirens had gone ringing couple of days earlier too - not sure why. This time for sure it was for the leakage and the potential risk of electric wires getting short.  While I understand it was an unfortunate incident but the…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or675-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced ,"I stayed one night at this hotel and didn't like the experience. My initial booking was with Bayswater hotel, but upon check in they transferred me to Queens Park as they had a water leak in most of the rooms there. It was good that they paid a taxi for the transfer, and the front desk at Queens park hotel were quite friendly one first night there. However, the room itself is small, and the bathroom even smaller. The bed creaked each time I turned and the staff on duty in the morning were not very helpful. The breakfast was basic as well. I'd stay here again as the location is convenient if you want to access Kensington Palace gardens and surrounding area, but the service isn't great. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or675-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, very close to the tube station","The hotel's location was the first amazing thing. In the centre of London and only 5 minutes from the Hyde Park. For tube users...well even better! Central line only 5 minutes walk from the hotel (Maybe less :) ) ! The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The corridors could use some refurbishment. The breakfast had great variety, both English and European, served at sensible hours. However, I was disappointed with the receptionists and their attitude. Grumpy, unwillingly to provide any kind of information. Even when asked, their response was either a 'yes' or a 'no'.  Although the hotel itself is good and can get better, I am sorry to say but the receptionists are the hotel's face and representatives. Leaving me with that bitter taste the moment of the check in, nothing…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or675-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Small room, big breakfast, good location","Very small room but we booked the hotel because of the location. Clean. Toiletries and kettle are provided in the room. My family and I love the buffet breakfast. Simple but tasteful. Scramble eggs, pastries and breads, yogurts (muller my fav), cereals, cheese, juices, coffee, flavored teas. Staffs are friendly but again the room and toilet even the lifts are small. But they make it up with everything else :)  For Malaysian: Malaysian Hall is just opposite the hotel. We went to the canteen there for teh tarik and nasi campur. Yum!  Bayswater station is a 5-8 mins walking from the hotel. Very convenient. For muslim, you can find a lot of halal eateries around the area. Noodle Oddle (crispy duck), kebab, halal fish and chips and many more. Dont forget to spend some money to buy…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or680-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel at good location,"Hotel was within walking distance from Paddington station. Very easy to get there if you are coming from Heathrow. Room was quite bad but then again who does spend time at the hotel anyway.  Pros - good location, Queensway and Bayswater underground stations close by - free breakfast (nothing fancy) - toilet and shower surprisingly good  Cons - terrible beds! you could feel the springs in spring matrix - room would need renovation - bad soundprofiing - personnel a bit apathetical",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or680-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel,"Nice and friendly hotel in the heart of London, near Hyde Park. Also very easy to reach by subway or bus. Staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean, however the style is a little bit outdated with thin walls so you can hear almost everything in the next room. Nevertheless it's not to expensive and worth the price.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or680-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break.,Pictures looked good from booking.com but disappointed with room. Travel lodges are better value for money. Yet to sample breakfast and resteraunt is expensive. Might research better hotels for future stays.,Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or680-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just pay more to stay somewhere else,"I've stayed in London on business a number of times and finding somewhere reasonably priced can be very hard, but please take my advice and just pay a bit more and don't stay here. The hotel is run-down and outdated. The bed was very uncomfortable, paint peeling in the rooms and the bathroom was absolutely tiny. The window was also broken and there was a huge gap underneath the door leading onto the hallway. The walls are also paper thin and you can hear everything happening in other rooms. I'm very glad I only stayed here for one night as otherwise I would have checked out early.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or680-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value!,"Great accommodations, excellent price, wonderful accommodating staff, excellent breakfast! Although the rooms are tiny they are clean, beds are comfy, great value for the money. Quiet.  Safe neighbourhood. Great access to city bus tours.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or685-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonably good value and good for a single night.,"We stayed overnight here on a business trip. I was in a triple room which was quite small but fine for one person. I didn't really like the view of a blank wall from the window but it was fine for one night. The bathroom was clean and the shower good and I had a good night's sleep. I was not really bothered by noise except for a little from a nearby room. It seemed to have been recently refurbished in places although there were narrow, windy corridors. The staff were friendly and the breakfast average. I would consider it again if I wanted somewhere to stay in the area since the location was convenient and good.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or685-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad, not good","For that área in London it was cheap but as usual you get what you pay, it wasn't amazing but it was clean and basic, nothing luxurious, like a youth hostel. I have to say that my room was more like a boxroom, but hey, this is London!",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or685-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You've got what you've paid for,"Very good area, safe neighborhood. Two tube stations are 10 minutes walk from the hotel.  Very good customer service, these people really care about their guests. The cleaning lady (Alina?) did a great job. Rooms are very small and worn out. Beds are really bad, terrible stench comes from the bathroom. The breakfast is cheap, everything comes from cans. The wifi is slow and works only in the lobby.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or685-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Based on previous views, I approached my stay with trepidation. We were booked here with a student group and I expected a horrible room and subpar facilities. My room was more than acceptable, the hotel was clean, the staff helpful, and the breakfast generous. The location is excellent and the experience was quite satisfactory. ",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or685-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen's Park Hotel,Recently visited Queen's Park Hotel with my partner and had one of the best weeks. Most of the hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful and the rooms are very clean but they could've done with a freshen up. Breakfast was great as you get a decent selection from cereals to cooked breakfast and croissants. Only downside is if you love bacon like me there was none on offer.  Apart from the walls being paper thin and could hear everything going on the hotel was a great place to stay.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or690-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A nice hotel to stay in Central London,"Daily cleaning of the room quite acceptable . Hot water disappears very quickly . The floor beneath the carpet is still wood , making a lot of noise when walking. The spring mattress of the bed should be replaced by a more comfortable . As for the breakfast, enough variety of food and good confection . Employees in general , are very helpful and friendly.  Regarding the location and the price per night , where the goal is to wake up early to visit London, its a nice hotel to stay.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or690-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great basic hotel in Central London,We stayed here for one night and had a large double bedroom with newly renovated bathroom.   This is a great budget hotel in central London within 3 mins walk of a tube and 1 min to Hyde Park.  Breakfast is basic but is hot and cold with a good selection of choice.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or690-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dissappointed,"My partner and I first thought something was off when we were told that our room was in the basement. They weren't lying. A tiny hole awaited us,very run down and unkept. We had to crawl over the toilet to get in and out of the shower.  We probably could have coped as it was a great location and a place to sleep,had we not been awoken at 6.40am by 2 members of staff chatting and shouting to each other, followed by their delightful cigarette smoke that came floating through the window and lingered for a good hour. After complaining, we were moved upstairs to a better room whereupon the mirror fell on me from the wardrobe as it was barely held on. All in all a disappointing hotel,although the breakfast was great and the location fantastic, we will not be staying again.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or690-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Won't be visiting again,"Not impressed with our stay and won't be visiting again, we had a double room which was very small and run down holes in walls, bed kept moving due to being on wheels on laminate floor, no way of turning heating down or keeping a window open.on returning to our room in evening to a strong smell of sewage,when complained about this it was just shrugged off, couldn't even shower in morning due to smell. Good job we were only there for 1 night",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or690-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Why not?,"I didn't have any problems with this place. The room was small but compared to where I am now it looks like a palace! It was facing a wall but I didn't book it for a good view. Good shower pressure, excellent tv and comfortable bed. The only thing puzzling was the wonky floor, and the shower was a bit dirty but the breakfast in the morning made up for it with a good selection of things to eat.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or695-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting! Worst place I've stayed.,"My boyfriend took me here for surprise valentines present, and had booked this hotel for two nights. It was the worst two nights ever, and spoilt the whole trip, the bed was on wheels, and moved every time we got on it. We barley slept a wink. Our curtains were ripped and stained, the skirting bored was hanging of the wall, there was marks over every wall, and food stains up the sides of the wall alongside the bed. The plug socket looked as if it was going to come away from the wall, and was positioned in the most ridiculous places ever, on the other side of the room near the actual room door on the floor. The carpet was not even attached to the floor. One of our bed lamps was missing, and our TV kept freezing and turned itself of. The bathroom was disgusting our sink plug and…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or695-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget accommodation.,"We found the hotel with ease, good location, in easy reach of Queensway on the central line and Bayswater on the cirlcle line.  Plently of places to eat of buy food, nisa, sainsburys and tesco.  If you like your bacon don't book this hotel because you won't get any!! Good access for walking through hyde park to the museums. Our rooms was adequate, nothing special but did us.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or695-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Short Stay in February,"This hotel is very central, 5 minutes from Kensington Gardens.  Close to London Underground stations Queensway & Bayswater.  Stayed 4 nights in February in a single room.  The room was on the second floor, it was quite small but very clean and comfortable. Good ensuite with shower, tea & coffee making facilities.  Breakfast was very good, plenty of choice.  Staff were very pleasant. Would stay here again when in London.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or695-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"My husband and I stayed here for one night because he had an early appointment at the US Embassy. We were pleased with this hotel, it was a good location, about 5 minutes walk from Queensway Underground station, and right by numerous bus stops. I think we were in room 412, which was quiet but the view was of a neighboring brick wall. The room was a bit worn, scraped walls, etc, but nothing major. The bed and bathroom were both spotless, and the bed was pretty comfortable. The TV had plenty of channels, which came in handy since I couldn't sleep much for my nerves about the appointment in the morning. There's a free continental breakfast from 7 am, I had a bite before I left to meet him coming out of the embassy. It wasn't the best, but it was edible and fresh. Toast, eggs,…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or695-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Stayed at Hotel with wife and two teenage children 15th to 20th February 2015 , Checked in with friendly helpful reception staff who explained location of room and breakfast times . Rooms on 4th floor clean and tidy, small bathroom but served its purpose. Plenty of room in room, tea and coffee making facilities, plenty of power points and hairdryer flat screen TV with free view, . Wardrobe and open storage , dressing table. Beds comfortable and clean, changed  each day as was the case with  any towels that had been used.  Breakfast area can get busy but friendly  staff make sure that the food is replenished quickly and area is kept clean , Food hot and well cooked either a cooked breakfast or toast  tea coffee juices.   Hotel short distance from Queensway and Bayswater tube…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or700-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Short Stay Central Based Hotel,"Great place to stay for a few days in an good area and in reach of all the attractions , Breakfast was ok and adequate, rooms clean ,Luggage can be held after checking out for £1 an item, would use again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or700-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",holiday.,we stayed at the above from 26th-29 jan 2015 never never again top floor 502a would`nt let my worst enemy stay. for a start curtains plus the nett ones  to small could`nt close them.ward`robe to small coat hangers to big.they did have a small safe we had somebody come up to have a look as there was no insructions with it plus who ever drilled the holes for it to sit on the shelf left the sawdust.could`nt sit on the toilet properly as the sink was to large&the pop up sink plug did`nt work so we had to use our finger nails to open it up i would wrote sooner but they have just reimbursed us for what they owed us.,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or700-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely clean friendly hotel.,"After reading a few comments on trip advisor the morning we were setting off,I was quite apprensive about what our stay was goin to be like . There was myself my motherin law and my too children 12 and 15 we were staying in 2 rooms from the moment we arrived the staff on the reception were so friendly, me and my son got the room behind the reception G103 very clean bathroom spotless room nice and warm bed's were comfy I asked for a extra pillow it was brought to my room within 5 minutes of asking. Breakfast was fine just what you would expect in a hotel, location great 5 min walk round to nearest tube. Can't fault the hotel or the staff would definitely return.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or700-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Valentines weekend,What a lovely hotel for the price. Friendly staff on arrival. Prompt booking in. The room was way above expectation. Very clean. With plenty of towels. Tea and coffee making facility in the room. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice and fresh. Very convent location for Hyde park and transport connections to all attractions. Would definitely recommend it .,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or700-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Decent overall,"Stop over NYE with my girlfriend. Really very hotel, good locations, 5 minutes walk from two tube stations. Rooms where small but clean, few things broken, wasn't a loud hotel, breakfast was good, but no bacon. Everyone loves bacon. Staff were helpful. Overall spot on",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or705-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Reception door... BANG BANG BANG all night,"Arrived at roughly 11:50pm and reception were more than helpful.  Checked in straight away without hassle and headed to room.  Room was closest room to reception and was right next to door which connected all floors to reception.  If you are staying in the same room, please take ear plugs..  The door banged all night!!  No easy close on it so bang bang bang all night.  Not a good nights sleep.  Windows in room need resealing as there was also a terrible draft.   Saying that, it was a last min business trip and my Colleague and I only paid £77 between us for 2 nights B&B..  However, would have still appreciated a good nights sleep and also BACON in the breakfast haha",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or705-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",just average with small room and tiny bathroom,"fairly well located with two subway stations and local buses all within a two minute walk . breakfast is sausage and scrambled egg tomatoes mushroom usual breads and croissants. no fried egg or bacon here. tea making facility in room. most London visits I reckon are only for a few nights and this is probably why this hotel and the like get away with size of room and the smallest bathroom in Britain. if you are wider than a 34"" inch waist you will struggle to get between shower screen and wash hand basin.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or705-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"We went down to London to go see a show and had received all this through super breaks the reception was very helpful and were given room 517   One of the newer rooms although these have being modernised they are quiet small and the walls have scuff marks but this is the same in london ,breakfast was hot and plentiful So in summary handy for central London we both slept well and with a departure time of 12 not bad at all would stay again.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or705-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here as a birthday treat for him. We payed £55 a night, including breakfast and attraction tickets from super break. The staff on the desk were friendly and the lobby was very clean and modern. Once you get upstairs and to the bedrooms you can see why we only paid £55 a night, the walls are marked and the carpets old but the bedroom was totally functional. Clean and comfy bed, clean and powerful shower with plenty of hot water. Breakfast was nothing special but more than what we needed. The hotel is perfectly located 5 minutes walk from a circle line tube stop or 15 minutes from Paddington. All in all this hotel is ideal if you want somewhere to sleep and shower before exploring London, if you're looking for luxury then stay away as you will be…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or705-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Uncomfortable,"Arrived at the hotel and everything seemed normal but when we got out of the lift we realised what was in store, the corridors are so narrow that if u meet someone when walking down one someone will have to turn around. The rooms are so small I was amazed at how they managed to get a bed in there and the barrooms are something else! When on the toilet you could easily brush your teeth at the same time as the sink sits over your legs when you sit down. Or if you 90 degrees you could wash your feet in the shower. Luckily we just had to sleep there as our trip was amazing and we spent only around 6-7 hours in the room.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or710-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"The rooms are tiny and smelt bad, our bed had many broken springs and the temperature in the room was unchangeably hot due to central heating. We had to sleep with the window open but it was so noisy outside, even with the window shut, that we got no sleep. The walls were filthy and the bathroom was mouldy. The staff were unpersonable and the hot breakfast was almost inedible.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or710-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Starting from the reception the staff was very unfriendly. The conditions of the building and the room itself was awful. The room was so small such as the bathroom and the window was literally facing the back of other building. The breakfast was so so for the price that we paid but after all we couldn't expect much of it. In the end we asked a member of the staff if we could leave our luggage to pick it up later and i was surprised when she asked money for it. So for all the reasons mentioned, never again.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or710-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing from start to finish,Booked here through super breaks for a surprise for my husbands birthday and felt the need to apologise as soon as we arrived as even the outside looked so old and run down as we entered the reception area it was slightly better and we were hopeful for the room but was sorely disappointed the room was tiny the walls were filthy with marks every where the radiator was broken there for the room was freezing the TV didn't work and the breakfast in the morning left a lot to b desired I would never return to this hotel!!!,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or710-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good stop-over at great price!,"We booked this just a couple of days before having realised that we would be in London for two days and rather than take the train two days running would be easier to stay over. Found this on booking.com at a great price which included breakfast. We didn't arrive until well after 11pm and the hotel desk was open and very courteous. The room was basic but clean. Breakfast was plentiful. Would stay again for a night or two but not any longer. Good location, easy to find and close to underground.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or710-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average Hotel,"A very tired hotel. Such a shame as the reception area was lovely, clean and modern. The staff were exceptional. The room was clean enough and the bed comfortable but there were so many marks on the walls that it gave an air of uncleanliness. The shower was lovely but nowhere to put toiletries. The toilet roll was positioned so that it was impossible to reach! The shelf above the sink was not big enough at all. These may seem little points but so annoying when you're tired after a long journey.  The biggest complaint was that the room was unbearably hot and I lay on top of the bed all night, and this in January! The breakfast was good, although I still don't understand why hotels state full cooked breakfast, then only serve beef sausages and scrambled eggs. I'm sure most people…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or715-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good tourist hotel,"We stayed here for a family weekend in london, and chose the hotel because of the reasonable cost.We were concerned about the negative reviews but we were happy with our experience.  First impressions were good, it looked nice outside and in the foyer it was smart and clean.  We were in room 12 which is a refurbished room, very clean with modern decor. The only problem was that there is no lift to the room so quite a few stairs to carry luggage, and also we had my 82 yr old mother with us, we asked for another room but none were available on that day.  The room has a flat screen tv, tea and coffee, and a lovely shower room, our room faced the street so you could hear traffic but no worse than other hotels we have stayed in.  The breakfast offered is more than adequate, with…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or715-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Poor and very disappointed hotel!,"i booked this hotel in a package deal through super breaks for a short trip to London. When we arrived at the hotel it looked clean and tidy in the reception area and well maintained and the hotel staff appeared helpful. The room was small but was enough to lay our head overnight as we were out majority of the day. The stay overnight in the hotel was terrible and we had the worst night sleep ever! We weren't kept awake by the noise outside in the street but by all the noises from other people's rooms! You could hear every creak from below or above us, banging of doors and people talking loudly outside our room at 1am!  After the awful nights sleep we went for breakfast which was even more disappointing! The cooked breakfast was barely warm, and the orange and apple juices were…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or715-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great & cheap midweek stay,"You'll pay for everything else though. WiFi was £10 for 24 hours or £5 for 2 hours. It is £10 for every hour of late checkout. £1 for each bag to be left behind.  There was free breakfast strangely which was good and plentiful with a vibrant atmosphere in the dining room with all the customers the hotel has.  The room was clean, fairly modern and a great stay. It was small but for less than £100 a night in London, I haven't had anywhere better. 3 minutes walk from Queensway Tube on the north side of Hyde of Hyde Park so absolutely television location. I'd definitely recommend it",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or715-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Expected far worse,"After reading reviews, we were a little worried.  This hotel was part of a package and we were not familiar with either the area or the accommodation.  Needless concern.  We found the hotel to be very nice with helpful staff.  We were in room 220 which was smallish but perfectly formed.  Tea and coffee making facilities, a T.V. (which worked!!), a comfy bed with immaculate bed linen.  The bathroom was large with a corner shower, free toiletries and plenty of fluffy towels, and there was also a hairdryer in the bathroom.  The breakfast was fine.  Cereal, scrambled eggs, sausages, mushrooms, toast, croissants, rolls, fruit, yogurts, fruit juice, tea and coffee.  The best thing about the hotel, however, was the location.  Less than 5 minutes away were two tube stations, and about 2…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or715-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lack of maintenance and cleaning!!,"Having no saying in where we stayed when in London, we ended up here.  The location is great in a calm street, a few minutes from the underground and Hyde park. The reception and dining area looks to be refurbished and presents the hotel in a good way. For me, the positive stops there.. the rest of the hotel, as well as my double room, gave the impression of a enormous lack of maintenance and cleaning!! Everything I saw and touched was not well cleaned, including my room. Dirty walls, quirky floors, torn carpets, crushed tiles, crooked furniture, beds with springs almost popping out.. and a door so badly isolated it seems like everyone is inside your room at night! A general lack of maintenance of the room, to say the least!!  The breakfast area is also refurbished, looks good…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or720-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired and run down hotel,"Very disappointed. The double room was ideal fora single only. My husband and I were taking it in turns to walk around! The bed was like sleeping on cardboard, in which we did ask to be moved and they kindly did so. However, the next room was not much better. The bathrooms are like a matchbox. The walls are filthy with holes filled in. Very noisy at night with people wandering up and down the corridor. Would never stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or720-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pokey little room,"I am currently here but sat on floor in shower room, can hardly move around the room it is so small. The room we are in slopes like an unjacked caravan. My partner lucky man is sleeping!  4 nights here I might get a tot of whisky in tomorrow :(",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or720-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest rooms possible,"I booked this hotel again for my grandmother who hasn't stayed here since the ""renovation"".  It was her 90th birthday celebration and I requested a ground level floor for her.  The hotel manager assured me she would be given the ground floor but when she checked in, she was given a first floor room.   Her room was barely big enough to put the 2 twin beds inside!  She said the rooms use to be larger and when she complained about her room to the front desk, the manager didn't make any recommendations to fix the issue. So much for helping a 90 year old celebrate her birthday.   Never again.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or720-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and accessible,"The hotel is in a convenient location with good transport links. The staff are helpful and friendly. The room we had was adequate for our stay (two nights) but the finish lacked a lot....marks on the walls, loose light fittings and broken toilet flush. The bed was basic and the springs could be felt with every movement. We asked for a quiet room and, whilst we couldn't hear the lift (which was right next to the room), we did hear the connecting traffic of hotel guests and the street noise (which was frequent trade noise throughout the night, as a lot of hotels on the street).  The breakfast was basic but the setup was not very organised. The layout had no flow and it appeared a stampede at times for the fresh food as it was brought out. Not the worst hotel I have stayed in, but…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or720-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bargain hotel in great location,"Ok so the Ritz it is not.  Check in  2 p.m. though we arrived a little earlier and our room was ready. Staff polite and very quick check in.  We stayed in room 122, down various staircases to our compact twin room. Lifts are available.  Well not much room to swing a hamster never mind a cat!.  Storage was 2 bedside drawers,table drawer and wardrobe with shelving and half a dozen fixed coat hangers. Would have like a coat hook to hang a wet coat on door.  A footstool was also under the dressing table - though I have no idea where you would place it, given the room size. Hairdryer on the dressing table wall. T.V wall mounted above dressing table.  Carpets were grubby and walls scuffed. But nothing too awful.  Small travel kettle and cup and saucers, spoons provided. Refreshments…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or725-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Business hotel, rude staff","We booked a double room for a night and had a very bad experience. The rooms are clean (not to take for granted in London low-end hotels) but quite boring on the furniture and very small. The main problem is that the walls are paper-thin and you can hear everything that happens in your floor. Since the hotel pushes an aggressive pricing, rooms are full and the customers are quite loud tourists looking for a bargain stay.  The staff is incredibly rude, not accommodating and tried to charge us twice claiming they ""didn't see our payment in the system"". I can understand if you genuinely have IT issues, but the hotel manager was charging my credit card twice without even telling me - thank god the lady pointed out that we mentioned paying already.   Would not recommend. even at 40£…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or725-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mr back,great hotel good value clean helpful staff can't understand some peoples reviews would book again and again good base for sight seeing room small but big enough for what we wanted shower good and very good could have done with a few more coffee sachets in the room and bacon at breakfast would have been nice but these are only for feed back very nice stay ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or725-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"We stayed at Queen's Park 10th January as part of a theatre weekend package.  We checked in around 12 noon, room 215 overlooking street.  On entering all I could see was the filthy walls n threadbare carpet.  There was a strong smell of bleach in bathroom which was clean.  Rest of room can only be described as a hostel, very dated and had a musty smell.  We found later was the pillows.. Yuk.  We left for theatre and returned at 7pm. The room was unbelievably hot to the point of being uncomfortable. I decided to sleep fully clothed as I was uncomfortable sleeping in the bed.  Around 1am heating went off.  Lots of banging of doors and loud voices till 3am.  I got up at 5.30 to shower, my husband straight after.  We decided not to take breakfast and go straight to tube to go to St.…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or725-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great little gem. ,"Great little hotel as a base and lovely staff. Very helpful concierge . Booked for long girlie weekend, sightseeing, shopping and a show. Close to underground . Bedrooms spacious,very clean , but were a bit too warm . No great issue just opened window and turned heating off. . No view as windows were high but not a problem at all . Beds comfortable with lovely clean linen . All room and bathroom were very clean . Corridors a little tired in decor but who cares ! Breakfast plentiful , tasty and set us up for the day . Left baggage on last day at £1 per item . Brilliant extra as our train didn't leave until 7 pm . Will absolutely return. Thanks guys x",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or725-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",So and So,"I visited this hotel for a business trip.  When I travel, for me internet access is very important. That was an issue at this hotel. First not all rooms have wi-fi access, if you are lucky enough to have a room with wi-fi then you would have to use a code provided from the reception, but one code per device, each code costs 10GBP per day (or something like that I cannot remember the exact amount to be honest) if you wanted to use a second device you must log out from device 1 and log in with device 2. Also the speed was slow. Skype communication was difficult. (no video just voice). On the other hand, the room was clean and well equipped. Like typical London hotel, the room is small, but this cannot be considered as a minus, that's London hotels.  The hotel is well situated.…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or730-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Queens Park Hotel, Bayswater","One night stay as part of a hotel+show package, so not expecting anything grand and some trepidation having read some critical reviews. Pleased to find hotel must have been refurbished at some time recently and room although small was clean and well equipped.This hotel is no frills bed and breakfast only, no bar or restaurant . Breakfast was not elaborate but adequate for a one night visit. Well situated for tube and numerous restaurants pubs etc. nearby. Would use again and recommend.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or730-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the haters,"I was on business in Central London and decided to try this hotel  as it was located just next to where I wanted to go. Room clean and bathroom very clean with the smell of bleach and disinfectant present which I was surprised at according to previous reviews. I booked for two nights and yes the room was small but it is London and on a budget, this is what you expect. Reception area clean, staff excellent and hospitable. A really nice hotel for business travel. You do hear a lot of people travelling in the hallway but it is not to the extreme as previous reviewers say. If in London on business I will look no further than this hotel. Really good location, amenities, breakfast buffet and overall price excellent. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or730-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I expected,"Not value for money at all in comparison with other hotels in Europe. It is very expensive for the old bed, toilet etc The Hotel is clean, staff friendly, breakfast poor. Good location for Hyde Park and within walking distance for the museums, Oxford Street etc. The rooms really narrow with old stuff.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or730-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice staff,","We stayed in this hotel for one night, and it's pretty good. The staff are friendly and it's clean and tidy. The only thing that spoiled it was the fact that the bathroom in our room (12) had a constant smell of bad drains. It is in a excellent location though, as the Queensway & Bayswater tube stations are both a five minute walk away. Worth it for the location alone.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or730-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for price!,"For what you pay it's the best place ever!!! We paid £55.00 for a double room 1 NIGHT. Location great near Paddington Station, tube 5 minutes away.. You're in the central of LONDON what do you expect? Breakfast included, room was clean, we were in the basement but WHO cares for    £ 55.00..... ? Staff ? Well there were a few very nice others were butt heads we greeted them in the morning with a big smile and saying ""GOOD MORNING""...but they just looked at us as if we were crazy ..who cares ?  Yes they were RUDE..bad for them... they will eventually get back what they deserve, but we slept in a comfortable bed , we ate pretty good and paid only £55.00..... I recommend this place for short term......you will have money enough to spend else where....",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or735-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London Stay,"Value for money. Hotel clean, staff friendly, breakfast lovely. The only problem was the room was way to hot and couldn't adjust the radiator, couldn't leave the window open as right on the fire escape steps.  Good location for Hyde Park and within walking distance for the museums, Oxford Street etc. Read some reviews before booking and was doubtful if we had made the right decision, but everything was fine and would book again.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or735-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","What a surprise, clean and great location","On booking this hotel I was slightly nervous. Me and my boyfriend wanted a cheap hotel to stay at whilst visiting Hyde park for winter wonderland.  The photos showed the hotel looking rather dated and old fashioned. We were very surprised to arrive and find a very nice looking hotel, clean and modern. Our hotel room was great- nothing like the photographs. Large room with a double bed and also a single bed. Not luxurious- but perfectly adequate for what we wanted.  Nice modern bathroom with a great power shower.  All of the staff were very friendly and helpful, and looked after our luggage for us whilst we went shopping the next day.  Great location, two minute walk from Queensway tube and about 15 minute walk to Hyde Park winter wonderland.  Breakfast in the morning was hot,…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or735-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",noisy but ok,"very loud you can here anyone in the corridor or next door, but shabby lots of marks all over the walls bed was clean enough. about 10 mins walk from hyde park and notting hill so location is ok not much really close.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or735-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not a bad place, shame about reservation staff",The reservations are handled by 1 member of staff during office hours if he's in there. Took 2 days to catch him and get a single room upgraded to double. The desk staff were friendly and helpful. Small but comfortable room. The breakfast was acceptable but its a busy place to eat.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or735-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Returning guest, still a bargain!","If you want a cheap, clean place to stay in a great location in London, which has a 24 hour reception and a free breakfast - book this hotel!  Yes the rooms aren't luxury and the breakfast isnt the best you'll ever eat. But if you're visiting London chances are you will be out and about. The location is excellent.   My only criticism, second year in a row is the hotel is just so noisy. You can hear from every room and I had a bin man working outside my window at 5am, can't be helped by the hotel but certainly on both visits I did not have a good nights sleep.  But all in all, will I stay here again next year when I return for Winter Wonderland and the theater? Yes I will, because at £95 for a twin room the value is outstanding.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or740-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Have stayed in worse,We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel while on a hen weekend for 9 girls. We had booked 3 triple rooms and had asked to be together however when we checked in we were all in different parts of the hotel. Our room was in the basement and was a small double room however they had managed to squeeze another single bed in there so it made it very difficult to move with 3 of us in there! The breakfast was ok apart from the mushrooms looked like they were out of a tin and the tea cups were thimbles. The reception staff were nice and the hotel was located near Hyde park so we walked to Winter Wonderland. ,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or740-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",weekend in london,"I stayed here so we could be near Hyde Park for winter wonderland, I had a lovely clean room tea and coffee was available in room bed was comfortable. Reception were friendly my first impression was that it was clean.I had breakfast the next day and again I was pleased I would defenatly stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or740-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,I recently visited this hotel with my partner as part of a break combined with our rail trip.Fair to say after reading the reviews I was not looking forward to my stay .Situated very close to two tube stations it was easy to find.On entering I found the reception area clean and the staff assisted with booking in and finding our room .Breakfast was more than adequate and you could fill yourself up for a day of visiting the attractions.We stayed in 201 and found the room to be cold the bed had seen better days and the bathroom very small.I have no complaints given what we paid for the package but no way would it justify the £120 pound price .If you are looking for somewhere well placed and to put your head down at night this is ideal if you pay the lower rates ,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or740-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe all the bad reviews ,"Stayed for just 2 nights, was a bit worried after reading alot of negative reviews but can say that we never encountered the problems mentioned, room was quite suitable (room 201) for a short stay although they seriously need to replace the mattress, woke up both mornings as stiff as a board, good choice at breakfast and sets you up for a long day sightseeing. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or740-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel  will be booking again ,"We booked this hotel due to its close proximity of hyde park and after reading reviews we were concerned but I am writing this review from the hotel room as I am so impressed with it . The room is spotless , the shower is amazing and very powerful and the location is bang on ! . The staff are very friendly and helpful too . Tube station round the corner or bus  and only 10 mins from Oxford Street .  I would recommend  this place to anyone :-)",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or745-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Another positive experience!,"This was my 6th stay at Queens Pk and once again I have no complaints! Staff at check in were quick and welcoming. Hotel was warm and clean. Really close to two tube stations and bus stops bottom of the street. Although this was my 6th stay here it was my first time having the included breakfast, couldn't ask for anything more, lots of toast, croissants, ham, cheese, sausages, scrambled eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, tea and juices.... I don't know why I haven't had breakfast here before but from now on I will make sure I am up in time! I have always felt safe staying at The Queens Park and will return time and time again",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or745-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, excellent breakast, decent value for London","For central London £120 a night seemed reasonable.  Typically the room was small but adequate and the location just 3 mins walk for Queensway tube was perfect. We were in room 16.  The only issues were that the full length mirror was placed so you couldn't stand in front of it and the mirror in the bathroom was poorly lit.  We would have liked a light on both sides of the bed rather than just one side, or a way of turning off the main light without getting up. Just one key card was a bit irritating as my wife and I were there for different reasons. The breakfast was excellent with lots of choice.  The staff were great. No complaints and decent value.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or745-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing Special.,"Cost for a 4 night stay. £240 +£48 vat tax. I had to pay £288 total.  That my friends was for a SINGLE room on the 4th floor, but unusually (in my experience and I have stayed in quite a few hotels in my close to 70 years) the room number began with a 5!  So when I exited the lift (elevator to you in the US and some other places) all I could see were numbers beginning with 4!  Fortunately after a while going up and down in the lift and searching the 5th floor, I came across 2 nice lady (foreign) members of room service staff who showed me where the room was on the fourth floor - at the end of a corridor - not easy to find.  Breakfasts were a bit crowded in a small food area with more seating around the corner. No tablecloths here I am afraid but the hard working staff there are…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or745-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",near tube excellent breakfast,"Booked for the 10th Nov as wanted to be in London for 11th Nov armistice day,easy walk to the Tube station.  The twin room was very small no gap between the two single beds, but it was clean and had all amenities including a hair dryer. The breakfast was an excellent buffet with cooked breakfast and full continental options very impressed for the price. I wold definetely book again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or745-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It did the job,"This hotel literally served its purpose i.e. gave us a bed for the night and a roof over our heads, but it did little else.   I was travelling with both my father and elderly Grandfather staying in London for a special occasion. The hotel states that is has lifts, which is true to an extent. There are two lifts, one quite modern one and one that looked like it dated back to the arc. These lifts suffice to take you up one maybe two levels, HOWEVER, most of the hotel is on split levels and so the lifts are of little use. When i say split levels i mean there are stairs everywhere and to be quite frank the floors themselves are not level in anyway with constant dips and sections to trip.   The rooms were small and pokey and in all honesty not the cleanest. When the door was locked…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or750-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for one night,"My partner and I stayed for one night last weekend via a Superbreak deal.  The hotel is well placed for the central London attractions and is easily accessed from Queensway tube station.  The room was fine and very warm. The bathroom was clean and looked to have been refurbished in the not too distant past.  The bed however, was extremely uncomfortable and we were both glad we were only staying one night! We were on a front facing room and the street was quite noisy into the small hours, so if you want a peaceful night, ask for a rear room!  Breakfast was a bit of a free-for-all but I think we chose peak time to go down.  In fairness, the staff were very efficient and had tables cleared and ready extrememly quickly.  Food was basic, but good and there was plenty of it. Reception…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or750-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would not stay here again!!,"I stayed in this hotel on 1st November 2014. As soon as I walked in, there was a strange smell. The room I was given was on the basement and had to go through so many doors. The carpets were dirty throughout. When I got into my room, I noticed that the walls were dirty too. As a female on my own I did not feel safe in this room as the windows appeared as though could be opened from outside.   I was relieved when I noticed the white bedding and towels!! (The only positive).  I asked for an iron and was given a dirty iron and board which ruined my white shirt.  I did not have a peaceful sleep since I kept hearing doors opening and closing until 7am when I got out of bed.  I foresaw that breakfast would be terrible too but I turned up for breakfast nonetheless. True to my thoughts,…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or750-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than we anticipated,"We booked a short break (2 nights) with Superbreak and I have to say that I was quite apprehensive after reading other reviews of this hotel. Luckily though,we were quite happy, and for the money we paid, I think we had quite a bargain. The room was small and the walls could have done with a lick of paint but it was very clean,the beds were very comfortable and the shower was great. We found the staff to be very polite and we were able to go to our room when we arrived at 1.30 pm rather than wait until the official check in time at 3.00pm which was a first.I requested 2 more pillows when we got to our room and they arrived within minutes.The room was warm but I always like to open the window anyway,there was some noise from the street below but it didn't stop us sleeping. The…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or750-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in LOndon,"This is a cheap central hotel, so the best thing to do is adjust you expectations.   Location is everything but it's noisy all night! People slamming doors, parties in the street.   Breakfast is busy and don't expect bacon! Cheap filler food is what you get.   I know you need to pay for a decent London hotel and we got this cheap so I wasn't too shocked but I wouldn't go back again.   ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or750-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",never again,I had stayed at this hotel last february with my husband to judge it before taking clients there this last week 19 to 13 october. Since it was ok last Febuary and the hotel is in a very central position we decided it was ok.  But this time we experienced many irritating little things We arrived and told brusquely leave your luggage here  quickly they porter hardly let us get the reception done. we wreaked to pay immediately and the amount charged was not according to our original e mail the management had quoted at 80 on the 3 september but when we confirmed they said the sinlge was *5. the person at the reception could hardly understand anything we said. The mattress creaked and the stings dug into me making sleep difficult. staff was very unpleasant and not at al helpful. as…,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or755-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing Wrong you get what u pay for,"I have never read so much rubbish since  the News of the World stop publishing, I shudder to think what these bargain basement hotel guests will write next "" the receptionist was cold"" perhaps you left the front door open or he was fresh out of the fridge! I asked for extra pillows early in the day, i walked down to reception nothink like excercise, I got them withen minutes delivered to my door!  ""The carpets & walls were grubby"", were you sleeping on the carpet, next time try the bed! ""The bed was pushed up against the wall"" well try to get in the other side! Get a life will you, if you want luxury put your hand in your pocket, ring the bank manager and book into somewhere on Park Lane, leave the queens park hotel alone, they do a good job at a fantastic price, its clean,…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or755-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",beautiful hotel,"This hotel is Very central to everything , it has good size rooms and is very clean. It is close to bus routes and some excellent restaurants. The reception is welcoming and friendly. We would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or755-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",surely room service it meant to be delivered to your room!?,We stayed at this hotel as part of our city break. When checking in the receptionist was very cold and had little to say and we were forced to keep prying to find out any information relating to our stay....breakfast time etc.  The room was clean and comfortable and suited our needs perfectly. The facilities were adequate and we have no complaints about the room at all. The first night I rang the reception as we required extra pillows. I was advised that I would have to go down and get it. I asked if they could be brought to the room and got told no if I wanted them I had to go and get them. When I went to the reception I was passed two pillows and two pillowcases and was told I had to put it on myself. The breakfast in the morning was awful! We aren't a snobby couple in the…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or755-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Buyer beware. Read this before you book!,"My wife and I planned our first trip to London together. Obviously, everything in London is expensive, so finding a hotel in a desirable location is a difficult task. I took a chance and bid on a hotel using priceline and received a hotel in central London, awesome!... until I arrived at the Queens Park Hotel. We booked 6 nights here, and checked out after 3 nights. There is a reason you can get this hotel for less than $130 Canadian a night, it's awful. The check in was quick and painless, the reception area and elevator (lift) were nice and modern enough, and then things take a quick turn for the worst. When you step out of the elevator you immediately notice how run down this place is. The floor is noisy, the carpet is disgusting and the walls are beat up and stained. When…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or755-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Loved the location, breakfast; service fine; room not great...","We reserved a room with 3 beds, and received a very cramped place with a single and a double bed; no airconditioning, and really uncomfortable in mid-July. Apart from that we really loved the location -- 2 mins walk from Hyde Park, very close to 2 tube (subway) stations (Bayswater, Queensway).  The breakfast was copious and quite diverse. In general we enjoyed our stay very much.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or760-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad,"First of all, after reading the reviews, I thought I was going to regret my decision to stay at this hotel. I got a good price for it and expected to get what I'd paid for.   Check in was efficient and the staff were helpful.   The room was fine. A few scuffs on the walls here and there, needs a lick of paint and updating but generally ok. If you're looking for a swanky hotel for a romantic getaway then clearly don't book this one.   Breakfast was included which was great. They had a good choice and it was better than me having to grab a bag of doritos of of the vending machine.  The room temperature was fine for me, I see this has caused issues in previous reviews.   Walls and floors are thin, you can hear everything that goes on outside your room  All in all, fine if you're…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or760-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",OK Hotel - Get Rid Of The Casters!,"Just an overnight in London early October and needed a cheap-ish hotel. Found this hotel on Booking.com for a reasonable price.On arrival the staff were very welcoming. Was given a basement room which was fine just for one night as I was only going to be sleeping there. I would have been angry if I was staying for longer as my window looked out onto a wall another window and a vent! The room was very clean and so was the bathroom. The room was also a fair sized room with coffee/tea kettle, TV, safe etc. Breakfast the following morning was fine with choice of sausage/eggs/beans/ cereal/ fruit/ bread rolls/cheese etc etc My biggest gripe was the bed. It was on casters. A bed on casters does not go well with laminate flooring. Every time I turned in bed the bed would move away from…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or760-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, stay away!!!!!","Just home after a weekend in London. Stay away from this hotel, over priced and grubby. The only modern part of this hotel is the lift. There was barely enough room to walk around the bed, with stains on the walls!!! On the website is says that there is wifi in all rooms with a small charge....THERE IS NOT. When I spoke to someone on reception about this they said they would look into it but I never heard from them again. On check out the receptionist didn't even make eye contact or ask how our stay was, extremely rude and practically ignored us. The only positive is the location and near tube stations. I have stayed in much nicer for the same price in London before!!!!",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or760-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Extremely noisy, hot and tiny room.","We stayed here for 6 nights in September. We asked for a different room after we arrived. Our first room faced a wall with no daylight and it was hot with no ventilation. We were moved to a slightly bigger room at the front of the hotel (the staff were accommodating in this request). Although our room was slightly bigger than the first, it had an old soap still in the shower and scuff marks on the walls.  The location was good in terms of proximity to the underground but otherwise our stay was terrible.  Our room was extremely hot, we didn't dare stay during the day as the heat got much worse. We couldn't sleep in the heat so we left our window permanently open and the noise of residents revving motorbikes and cars every night woke me up at least three to four times a night.…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or760-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",second visit,"the best thing about this hotel is the location,5-10 mins from two tube stations,and a bus stop on the main road. across the road to kensington gardens,and walkable distance to paddington station and notting hill. comfy beds,bathrooms are tiny but clean. would stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or765-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Small, Hot and hard to get Sleep","The room was small with 2 single beds and a writing desk, and was air conditioned as was most of the rooms in the hotel. We were offered another room even smaller again in the basement level with wall air conditioner for an extra 30 pounds extra a night with nowhere to place your baggage unless you were the only person using the room and you used the other single bed to place you bags on. As there were 2 of us, this room was not practical for our purposes. We accepted the initial room offered to us as it had a baggage shelf in the room’s entry passage. The room proved to be hot (in September); with a one small single window with a broken handle you could not totally open due to the external security bars to provide adequate and legal ventilation to the room (as compared to…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or765-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The bedroom was like a sauna,"Although the location of this hotel is excellent. The sleep quality of the room was poor due to excessive heat.  The window only opened a fraction, obviously for fear somebody might throw themselves out. If it was my intention to commit suicide, I would choose a smarter venue. The staff were unhelpful and one in particular verged on being rude. The internet charges are excessive, The room was simply furnished  with a tiny shower room. Breakfast ( included in the price ) was a bit of a bun fight.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or765-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Stayed for 2 night @ the weekend. Room were grand. Just very little space to get around the bottom of the bed to get to bathroom.  Air conditioning n room.. Room and bathroom clean and tidy. Location wise it's brilliant. Central tube line 200 yards away and regular buses 100 yards. Breakfast was ok. Little to choose from, but served until 11 with was handy",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or765-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for a night in london,"Stayed here with 3 friends after radio 2 party in the park 2014 , great location , right next to hydepark/Kensington gardens and queensway .. Great value for 50quid each including breakfast.. Friends very impressed with value for money and breakfast choice.. Good find if you need a place to sleep , yes a Bit hot ... But windows open sort that. Sleep , eat and london sightseeing on a budget ! ... Fab x ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or765-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing & Overpriced,"My Dad and I stayed here for two nights last weekend, The Hotel was absolutely tiny and uncomfortably warm, the heat was unbearable we had to keep the window open at all times which meant a lot of noise pollution from the street. Luckily we were out all day long and spent very little time here, The floor was cracked and creaked as you moved around the room the walls are paper thin when we finally got asleep between the heat and noise from the street we were woken up by women in the room next door we could hear them word for word. It simply was not good enough considering the price we paid. The breakfast was good with a good selection to choose from.  The concierge was the highlight of our stay he was extremely friendly and helpful an asset to a hotel that does not have a lot…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or770-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly placed for underground link and nearby eateries,"Surprisingly quiet considering proximity to Bayswater Road. Pleasant staff clean facility and reasonable sized room, though possibly a bit tight for three; room is set up as double and a single. FST tv, though a bit small and room would benefit from bedside lamp, as only light switch is at one end and bed at other. Also en-suite would benefit from shaving light as recessed roof lighting not adequate for this. Breakfast choice was good.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or770-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The staff were nice, rooms were clean, very small though. But for the price you cannot expect more than this. Breakfast was really good with good selection of foods. Would recommend this hotel to others. The only down side was that the room on the 2nd floor was warm, but rooms in the first floor were fine.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or770-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not Again, Hot with Cockroach","First of all a Cockroach found in the room when i woke up in the morning. Even though they have a 5 star hygiene sticker just issued in June or July 2014!! The room was extremely hot, there was a window but did not stay open and even if so we was on the ground floor and anyone could climb in as there is no security bars or height limit. Had to request a fan and the weather for London was not a hot night! We was situated on the ground floor and heard every door that opened and closed as there is no rubber behind the door to dampen or reduce the sound. I call and attempted to speak to the manager to highlight all these points however it seems as if they do not care as i was told i would get a call back from the manager since Monday.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or770-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Value stay,"We agree with most other reviewers,  good location to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, tube station and bus routes. We were in a triple room with our 3 year old, so very cosy indeed. Decent decor, okay beds apart from they are on wheels, so make quite a noise with little movement & a bit worrying with a little one moving around. Hairdryer,  nice shower. Cleaners call daily & do a good job. Breakfast really decent, with staff working hard to clear space & refill. Our issue is the noise, workers in the morning & revellers at night. It was too warm to not have a window open, so ear plugs are a must. I bought some. Also walls are quite thin, so toilets flushing & showers can be heard. You might also want to bring an eye mask, as the rooms flood with daylight as the curtains are quite…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or770-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A great location for Hyde Park,"Just a short walk from either Bayswater of Queensway tube stations along terraces of nice looking historic homes interspersed with Hotels. The Hotel was welcoming and easy to check in, our room was quite small though for a double and at the back of the hotel - our view being a wall of metal plates about 3 feet away (over 100ft tall) which the hotel was firmly anchored to by RSJ's and tension bolts, the windows were open as far as they could be (10 inches) against cage bars. Décor definitely dated and in need of refurb, carpets well worn etc but not so bad that it felt unclean. The bath room looked like it had been refitted more recently and the shower worked well. Unfortunately when we returned to the room that evening it was roasting hot and no air-con meant it was difficult to…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or775-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Warm, decent, convenient location!","A little too hot, a small room but did the room (just for sleeping)! Clean bathroom, helpful staff. Buffet breakfast gets very busy and no bacon!!!!!!! But croissants were good, nice selection of fruit, yoghurts. Luggage room was good, location was good. Quiet room. Worth it if just looking somewhere clean and convenient to crash. £10 for 24 hours of wifi was annoying.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or775-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good room but a bit warm,"In 2013 we spent 3 nights at this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant was big enough and the breakfast was nice and varied.The room itself was clean but pretty small though it would not have been a problem (and of course the more expensive rooms are bigger). The bed was comfortable. The only problem was that the room did not have air circulation so it was very warm and there was no air in it. The window was open all day and night but unfortunately it did not look to an open-air space. My overall opinion is that Queens Park Hotel is a very good choice if you stay a few days or a week because the atmospehere is nice, it is close to Hide Park and bus stops and even to the tube so it has a good infrastructure.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or775-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I was worried re the quality of the rooms when booking, spoke to reservation manager and was reassured. Rooms clean and modern the staff very friendly and helpful. Mother of the bride and the rest of the hen party very happy and would stay again if coming to london for an overnight stay.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or775-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","""Poor Customer Service""","The location of this hotel is near Kensington Park and the Kensington Palace. It has easy access to bus and tube station, and is an easy trip down the road to the amazing Oxford Shopping Area. What this hotel has in location advantages it lacks in management and customer service. The desk staff, (with the exception of the concierge who was friendly and mildly helpful), were all under trained,  apathetic, and prefered to talk amongst themselves instead of helping their long line of customers. In addition, they have a 2pm key policy...so I checked in at 1:30 and the front desk told me that she couldn't give me my key until 2pm despite the fact that she said the room was ready and she had the key at the desk. The front desk informed me that the hotel had no wifi despite it…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or775-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just about adequate,"Good location for Kensington Palace,Park and Portobello road. Air condition unit in room but not wired up to work.Unbearably hot on 5th floor.Not quite the double room we were expecting- If you sat on the loo you could put your feet in the shower cubicle. Breakfast was ok but missing a vital ingredient of a full English-no bacon on any of the days we were there. Disappointing!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or780-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not for summer time,"Although the Hotel is in the central location, it is really not for a relaxing summer holiday. There is no airconditioning and single rooms are very small. The breakfast area is at the standard of a Hostel and not of a Hotel. It is good for a very short stay when the weather is very mild.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or780-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Too hot!,"My friend booked this hotel for a night along with our other friend. It is well located and close bus stops and a few minutes to tube station. Outside looks average. When we got in our room its a bit small for 3 people. We have to ask for a fan cos it was hot as hell in our room. We opened our windows and the fan but it didnt help. Didnt sleep that much all night as it was so uncomfortable bec it was so hot in our room. Toilet wasnt any good too. Free breakfast was average, nothing special. Cheap but i will probably pay more somewhere to get more comfort. Will not recommend to a friend and will not come back. ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or780-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",central location in a very good area for London explorers,"Years ago, I was visiting my boyfriend and it was my first trip to London(before I've settled in London:). Therefore would like to stay in a hotel in the central and it would have good transport links for my bf. I booked this old style hotel which is central with good transport links and by the Hyde Park. So it was perfect for me!! spent my day times on my own to explore museums, parks and streets by walking. I took underground(which is in 3-5 mins walking distance) and buses (nearest bus stop is also 3-5 mins away, by Hyde Park) to go Oxford St., Trafalgar or Picadilly Circus.  First night I had a problem with the heater and was like a nightmare as it was December:/ however they fixed it quickly in the morning. Then it was fine until I leave.  It is really an old hotel and need…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or780-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Just had 3 nights in London staying at this hotel. Great location, staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was clean, quiet and comfortable.  Breakfast was fresh, hot and more than adequate. It was warm inside but even warmer outside so to be expected. I paid less than £250.00 for the stay including breakfast which was great value.  I was also realistic in what to expect at the price and was more than happy.  If you want 5 star with a large room and VIP treatment then get real, book somewhere that claims to offer that and pay the price. You don't pay for Reliant Robin and get a Rolls Royce. Thanks to all the staff at The Queens Park.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or780-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Actually all right - No complaints.,"In August 2013, I transferred to this hotel after a 5-night stay at a nearby hostel. I used a hotel locator app to help me find it, as the area where it's located is pretty much perfect. Hyde Park is practically across the street, and you're at most a block and a half away from *two* Underground stations (Circle and Central lines). Also, it was the cheapest hotel in the area with acceptable reviews.  The room was clean, albeit small. Plain and clean white sheets were there, and a tiny desk with a dresser and a hanger rod allowed for some storage. There was TV, and an air conditioner that activated with the key to the room, and in the 5 nights I stayed there, I had no issues with it. The bathroom was super roomy (for London standards!), and it was kept clean daily. The front desk…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or785-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","OK ish , no frill basic, good value","Visit London once or twice a year , whilst traveling alone , this hotel suits me fine, clean Nice breakfast , well located. Not the end of the world but the elavator is so small , if it got stuck I'm sure 99%  of people would freak out and have a severe attack of claustrophobia",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or785-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What else do you expect?,"Stayed here on the 20th-22nd July. Check in was advised to be after 3pm but arrived early and we could check in no problem. Staff were very kind and helpful. Our room was number 5 and on the same level as reception. Yes it was hot, what else do you expect when its near enough 30 degrees outside? Our room was quite big and had a tv (with remote) window opened on to a quiteish street. Only promblem was it was wooden floors and the bed moved all over but i was given a takeaway menu to put under the wheels which worked. I asked for an extra pillow and they placed that in my room straight away. Shower is good and powefull. No it wasnt a massive bathroom but it was big enough for one person. The hotel was in a great location and for what you need in london is somewhere to rest your…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or785-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay AWAY!,I'll start with the pro's: - Good location - Silent area  The con's:  - Bed was awful to the level you won't be able to close your eyes.  - Tiny room. 2 people can barely use the toilets and the shower at the same time.  - No air conditioning. It got really hot this July in London and we sweated all the time we were in the room.  - Tiny TV without remote control (they should have just remove it from the room...  Bottom line: Keep away and find another hotel. You will pay by lack of sleep the pounds you save by booking this hotel. ,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or785-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The most narrow room I ever had!,"I stayed in this hotel for two days.  The location is goods because there is a train station and a subways station with walking distance, but the room is really small and narrow, you can compare the room size with those budget hotel room in Hong Kong, this one is even smaller. I have no space for my luggage.  The TV is at my bed foot side's wall. There is no remove control for the TV and you need to step on the bed to change channel. When I sit on the chamber pot, I have difficulty to let my leg relax because the place is too small, I need to put my leg tight to the toilet door.   I found some hairs (short one, look like the hairs from leg.) under the blanket, a few pcs, and this is make me feel not so comfortable. The full breakfast was not as I expected.  Yes, there is a hot…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or785-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice enough, but don't have a basement room!","Myself and my husband stayed here this weekend as a last minute booking. We paid £87 for B&B for one night. The hotel was easy enough to find from Bayswater tube station and the reception area is very modern. The walls could do with a lick of paint and the carpet could be updated, but failing that, the rooms were clean, tidy and more than acceptable. We were placed in a basement room and unfortunate for us our room was next to some stairs outside that delivery men were using at 6am on a Saturday, as the rooms were so hot, the window was open & this woke us up. The walls aren't sound proof either. As we were woken, we didn't have breakfast so can't comment on the food. Pro - the shower was very good!! Con - don't have a basement room!!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or790-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs price,Good position but that is all.  3star never in this world   no bar  tv in room didnt work  very small window in room  breakfast was a free for all and everything was tinned food   no tables set for breakfast and the staff were very rude and  ignorant .  And to top it all they had no ice when we brought our own drink in even though it was advertised .   PLEASE DONT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT A YOUTH HOSTEL ,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or790-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Stay Standards & Setvice,"This only gets a 1 star because you can't give a 0. 1 Unfriendly staff that did not in any way have the servicemind towards the guests. 2. The sink in my room was broken and had pubic hair and shavings coming up from the sink, when you turned on the water, by far the most gross sink i have seen 3.The reception told me to brush my teeth in the shower, i had to tell the reception at 3 different occasions before someone even bothered fixing it. 4.Extremly expensive 650£ for 5 nights it doesnt matter its close to hyde park and nothing hill, i didnt expect anything fancy but i do have some standards unfortunately Queens park hotel in london does'nt. 5.The breakfast was horrible unless you only like tinned/canned or proccessed food, if you like clean fresh food eat somewhere else. 6.…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or790-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Central accommodation- no frills!,"Exactly what it says on the tin/title! Don't set your expectations too high!  This is Central London and you get what you pay for !   The hotel is ideally located beside Hyde Park and you can avail of Bayswater and Queensway tube stations which are within close walking distance and provides easy access to the city centre.  The staff were accommodating and friendly. Rooms are clean and the shower was powerful.  Also the buffet breakfast was edible.  However, if you do decide to stay here, make sure to request a room above the basement.  We were unfortunate to be placed in the basement and did not receive a remote for our Air Conditioning until the last night of our stay.  The WIFI seems to be non existent!    All in all, this hotel served its purpose!",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or790-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,"This hotel certainly gave my sister in law the wrong impression of England,My sister in law comes from Melbourne and was really looking forward to London,we were not greeted nice at all when we arrived,the room was very very shabby,the carpet threadbare in places,no mattress protector on the bed,the safe did not work the chap was coming up in 10 mins to look at it 3 days later still not been,no internet for the whole stay and to add insult to injury we were charged to put our luggage in the luggage room,having stayed in some of the best hotels in the world we have never ever been charged to store our luggage totally disgusting.I feel maybe that foreign visitors may have been treated with more favour than the English.The convenience of the location is very good but the hotel and…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or790-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not very good,Stayed in the basement which was very hot. There was no air condition. No internet.   The comcept of breakfast buffet is fine but it needs to be we organized and the hygiene good. It was not. It isn't nice to have all the leftovers and used plates taken back to the kitchen right through the very narrow food area. And sit amid dirty tables. It is a relatively inexpensive hotel but I would expect more.               ,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or795-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located,"We spent 4 nights here. After the first night we asked to be swapped to a room that didn't face onto the street due to the noise. Second room was much quieter but no airflow (be warned no sitcom in these rooms!) as the window opened up to a brick wall. But house keeping brought up a small fan and we were at least able to sleep.  We were a family of 3 and the rooms are very small, but on the plus side the hotel is very centrally located next to 2 tube stations and walking distance to Kensington place and various gardens.   Potentially I wouldn't stay here again, but only because I now realise that I need to pay more for accommodation this close to central London. Definitely cheap and occasionally cheerful",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or795-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Set you expectation and avoid surprises!,"To begin it is important to clarify what your expectations are. In fact, if you want a place spartan and essential, well connected with the centre of London, I am sure you will like this typical english-style hotel in the centre of Bayswater, a lively and central area.    In general, the problem of London is that in most of cases you are going to pay a lot for a room that in your home-town would probably be classify as a two stars. That is exactly the case of Queen Park. The price do not correspond with the general expectation. Beds totally uncomfortable, room smaller than a king bed, creaky floor under your feet, poor breakfast. By the way, the room are generally cleaned and the waiters nice enough.   Considering that in London is extremely difficult to find a decent hotel…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or795-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Summer of 2012,"I stayed at this hotel in the summer of 2012 for 4 days. It was very easy to travel to and from the hotel, as both busstops and tube stations where nearby. The breakfast was also good.  The bad things about the hotel really affected my stay, which is why I will not recommend anyone to stay at this place.  The staff was not welcoming at all, and when asked for service/help (e.g. the kettle in our room didn't work, and would have been easily replaced) we were ignored. There where stains on the bed sheets, and the bathroom floor had lots of cracks. The fire alarm went off in the middle of the night, and there were lots of drunk idiots making a lot of noise during night time.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or795-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sadly really poor place.,"I think I read a review of this place a few months ago that mentioned they had spent a lot of money on the reception area but not any where else in the hotel. This is very true. The website I booked this hotel on asked me what time I would like to check in. I selected between 1pm - 2pm. I arrived just after 1pm and had to wait until half past two for a room. I think they only checked me in as I said I was going to go else where. The reception staff have truly terrible manners and no personnel skills. The hotel once inside is shabby and horrible. A coat of paint would do it wonders. My room was small, which I don't overly mind. I am only small myself. There was no air conditioning or fan to help cool the room. View? Nope. Clean sheets? I suspect not. The walls are wafer thin and…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or795-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Really Disappointing,Stayed 4 nights and we were very disappointed. We asked for a room with AC as that was what we had read on TripAdviser. These rooms are at the back of the hotel and are very small.  So small in fact that the wardrobe door hits the bed.  Ended up moving rooms twice before we could get a room with an AC that worked.  Heated towel rails in bathrooms are not even connected to the central heating. The hotel is like a rabbit warren - very narrow corridors that twist and turn and had to negotiate stairs on each floor.  Room numbers are very confusing with rooms starting with 1 and 2 on first floor and so on. Breakfast was very basic and very chaotic. No free WiFi - pay by the hour. Even though the location was good we will not be staying at this hotel again.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or800-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",1 night in Queens park hotel,Arrived 2pm and kept waiting while 4 members of staff chatted. Got to our room and it was pretty much what we expected. A tired room in a tired hotel but for the price in that location it was ok for 1 night. ( clean).  WARNING: do not ask concierge for taxi service. We were promptly picked up by a taxi he arranged ( not a black cab ). Charged £18 for a 1 mile journey in no traffic. Our suspicions were confirmed when we got a black cab on the return journey which cost £9.20.  SCAMMED!   For that reason I would recommend staying elsewhere. ,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or800-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel but worth the money,"Good standard of hotel with modern bathroom and basic facilities. Room a little on small side, but served its purpose, and for the price paid and location then i couldnt fault it! Would stay there again if looking for somewhere cheap and cheerful!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or800-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"Started off bad by arriving to find out that we had been given a double and single instead of a triple as requested.  A bit of back and forth at reception and all was resolved (they initially refused to admit that it was there error and tried to get me to pay for extra room).  One of our party got put in a basement room for the 1st night (bonus for him as it had aircon) and the next night we were put together in a proper triple. Rooms ok, size as expected and clean enough.  Shower in first room was rubbish, 2nd room brilliant. Breakfast - organised chaos.  Easy enough to get a seat and quality i thought was good when taken in relation to the price.  The lay out could be improved to help self service, but not an issue to me, i was just happy with a plate of grub. Location - Good.…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or800-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"Firstly nothing was plugged inn like our telephone had to figure out why it was not working.  Our side light does not work room is so small, the bathroom is so tiny that u keep on bumping yourself.  We were given three pillows but we are twi guest.  Went down to reception to ask for another pillow and were told will see if we have another pillow.  There is no bar or shop to get snacks,  the vending machine has hardly any items not even water. There is one staff member in reception who is on there phone. Then to try and find your room what a joke its like walking around in a maize the numbers make no sense. Worse hotel I have ever stained inn,  its a rip off and not worth the money. You will probably be better off in a back packers.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or800-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",great location and good price.,"Recently stayed here as a couple in a double room for two nights at just under £110.  Room was small, clean and perfectly fine as a base to rest your head. The furniture in the room looked fairly new and there were plenty of plug sockets. Breakfast was nice and hot and regualry topped up. The room was a bit creaky and you could hear the folk above like they were in your room but this didn't bother me as it was only for a bit before they went to bed. It would have been nice if there was a coat hook on the wall to hang wet coats, as the only place was in the wardrobe or on the back of a chair. That said I find this is a common fault in a lot of hotel rooms.  I found the hotel to be very quiet, staff pleasant and an excellent location. By Queensway tube there was a small Tesco and…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or805-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",basic but location good,Good area of London near Kensington gardens. Near tube station with several local shops and cafes. Hotel itself is basic rooms are small but if you only need a bed then it does the job. Our room was clean and the shower was spotless. Breakfast was self service it had everything although choice was poor. Staff very helpful.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or805-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and functional,"If you are just looking for somewhere to sleep at a cheap rate, then this is the Hotel for you.  There is no bar, restaurant or lounge.  The room my partner and I had for two nights was small, but clean and quiet.  The breakfast is complete self service in what can only be described as a school refectory.  There are several restaurants and a good pub in Queensway, two blocks away.  Kensington Gardens is close by too.  The reception staff were all very helpful.  Useful place if you don't want to pay too much.  Good value for money in comparison with London Hotel prices!",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or805-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin,"The Queens Park Hotel is in a great location.  The service is extremely basic, functional, plain.  It offers a base for travellers but not a destination in so much that there is no bar or restaurant and no lounge.  It's literally somewhere to rest your head.   The corridors are very shabby and the walls scuffed and marked, not to mention very narrow. However, my room was pleasant and immaculate throughout, with a small but decent and clean bathroom.  I asked for a quiet room and indeed that's what we got.  Possibly the quietest night's sleep I have ever had in a city!  If you turn left out of the hotel and then left again on the Bayswater road there is a small Waitrose supermarket  at the gas station and another block up, turn left and there is a great little friendly pub with…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or805-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A Good Choice in West London,"We came up to London because we had tickets for Classic FM at the Albert Hall. Selecting a good and affordable hotel is not easy, especially as it's a long time since I needed to spend an evening on that side of Town. We live in the West of the UK so we came into Paddington Station. The Queens Park is in easy walking distance from the station which was a great saving of time and taxi fares (there was a tube strike). Moreover the hotel is an easy walk, through Kensington Park, to the Albert Hall and Kensington High Street.   The hotel itself has a reasonably impressive entrance and our ground floor room was small but okay as was the shower room. Our only complaint was that the curtains were not large enough and not properly hung so it was difficult to close them effectively.…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or805-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy, basic, no change.","Positives Great location and the parking from 17.30 until the next morning only £2.40.  Negatives A very basic stuffy room at the front of the hotel, on the ground level so gets very noisy including traffic all night. No air con so resorted to opening window to allow a breeze in but of course this also meant more noises too.  In the early hours my mouth was dry so went to the vending machine in the foyer with a two pound coin but the machines do not accept them... I asked the man on reception for change and although he went to a cash box in the drawer I was told he has no change right now. Really? I wanted £2 changing , not a fifty pound note.  The bed mattress was too thin and all on all my sleep was not good.  No hotel bar.  No TV remote... No access to on screen TV guide and…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or810-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value 3 star hotel in excellent location,"Our triple room was clean, beds comfortable and freshly made each day, bathroom modern and plenty of hot water and clean towels.   Room was hot, even with window open (April stay) so would ask for an air conditioned room if staying in the summer.   Breakfast was adequate, plenty of food, though limited variety. Location is excellent with Queensway and Bayswater stations within 5 minutes walk, plenty of restaruants and mini supermarkets too.  Kensington Gardens provides a beautiful retreat. The concierge was very helpful.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or810-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,Nice big room! Checkin was fast! Room was nice with big tv! plenty of selection at breakfast and nice shower! Nice location just outside London! Plenty of public transport! Overall great stay! Perfect if you don't want the hussle and bussle of crazy London ,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or810-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"This is the worst hotel I've ever been to, the staff are so rude and I had so many problems , firstly they we're putting me in a room on the ground floor and a smoking area outside my window with didn't lock , I said to them in not staying there they weren't happy, and said the only room they have left was in the basement level so I took that , but then I couldn't get signal on my phone down there , the room was much bigger but the bed had wheels on a varnished wooden floor which ment u couldn't move in the bed without moving back and forward across the floor , also the shower had no shelf for holding soap and breakfast wasn't great and I think I got sick from the eggs and when I asked the staff to open the safe in my room they said it didn't open and there was no remote control…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or810-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value hotel in a very good location,"This hotel was booked extremely last minute, the day before check in, so I had no expectations at all and was slightly worried. However upon arrival I was greatly impressed. The location is one of the best parts of the hotel. The nearest underground station Queensway is less than 5 minutes away and there are plenty of shops around. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful. I stayed in one of the twin rooms, it was small but when you're only staying in the room to sleep it's not really a problem! The room was clean and the bathroom was spotless. The only slight issue that could put people off is the decor in the hallways. The wallpaper and carpet is slightly dated and could do with a refurb but apart from that I was extremely impressed with my stay. The selection at…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or810-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Stayed twice, will be back again","Stayed with daughters in triple room in January.  Stayed again in April with husband in a double room.  Both rooms were fine.  Breakfast disappointing for meat eaters (no bacon and only  cheap sausages), tinned tomatoes and mushrooms, but the scrambled eggs and croissants were lovely so adequate overall.  We had breakfast around 7.30 am which was good as it wasn't very busy then on each occasion.  Staff are lovely.  Rooms very clean.  We left our case at the hotel after check out (just £1) which gave us an extra day in London before going home.  Hotel very close to buses and underground.  Small Waitrose very close to hotel.  Lovely leafy  part of London, north of Kensington Gardens.  Taxis drive past hotel so easy to flag one down.  The hotel is basic so don't pay too much.  We…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or815-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Would definitely stay again,"Perfect location, small but tidy rooms (two twin rooms for our group of four, between 13-16 April), renewed bathrooms, friendly staff, the large modern lift was a nice surprise. Everything you need when the main purpose is seeing the city, not staying at the hotel around the clock. Warm breakfast was good. Wi-Fi should be free nowadays, though.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or815-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small but perfectly formed,"Close to Queensway tube. Our room wasn't the biggest and was quite close to the lifts, but as I had drunk myself insensible this wasn't a problem. 65 quid was great value and the breakfast did the job. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or815-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good value, nice hotel","I found the location of this hotel a key plus, it is only 12 minutes walk from Paddington Station so very good as I was flying in and out of Heathrow Airport. The staff were friendly and efficient , the room was clean with comfortable beds, coffee making facilities and strong water pressure. The hotel could do with some updating of the interiors as some of it looks a bit dated. The hotel offers exceptional value in what is an expensive location",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or815-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,"Queens park hotel is in a good location for getting around central London and the included breakfast was quite good. Other than that I am hard pushed to say anything positive. Our triple bed room was very small, the single bed too hard and uncomfortable to sleep on. The bedside lamp didn't work and when reported to reception got told there was nothing they could do until the following day. Room was far too hot although there was no heater on but luckily we could open a window and being at the back of the hotel meant no traffic noise. The shower drained very slowly and we were concerned that it would overflow, we called reception who told us someone would come in 15mins. After 30 mins we called them again and a very aggressive and unpleasant receptionist told us that the…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or815-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Good looking reception. Lift in good condition. Qwerky stairs. Small but comfortable room. En-suite clean but shower freezing cold. Breakfast buffet alright, no bacon and scrambled eggs only. Location good for underground. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or820-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"Location: Pretty great. Within walking distance of two tube stations, Queensway and Bayswater, thus connecting the hotel to the Central, Circle and District lines of the underground system, which passes key tourist hotspots such as Westminster, the National Museums, The British Museum and Oxford Street. Bayswater also has restaurants, pubs and shops. The location is very quiet which allows for undisturbed nights.   Room: The room was extremely tiny. There was a double bed but the room was so small that it had to be pushed against the wall to allow room to pass between the bed and the wardrobe. Despite it's size, the room was very comfortable and came with a small TV, safe, hairdryer and coffee/tea making facilities.   Breakfast: The breakfast was very average, and didn't change…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or820-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel - shame about the guests,Good value. Clean Small but adequate room. Reasonable buffet breakfast. Excellent central location. Friendly staff The downside was the guests who seemed to expect 5 star treatment in a budget hotel. Would give 4 stars but there was a charge for use of wifi which these days is unforgivable.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or820-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average Hotel","I loved the location, really clean, pretty good breakfast (same every morning though). Started every day with a walk trough the Hyde park. All sights are in the walking distance.  Smallest room ever, they charge the wi-fi 2 pounds per hour - ridiculous, we had to go through the labyrinth to find our room. But even though the room was small (room 40...something) you can tell that it's been fixed up recently.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or820-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,A very nice little hotel.  I was dubious from reading other reviews that the room would be too small but my friend and I found the room to be nice and comfortable with a big bathroom.  We even had a balcony!  The hotel was very busy but the waiting staff at breakfast moved at break neck speed to make sure that everything in the buffet was continuously topped up and tables regularly cleared to cater for new customers.  I would recommend a stay here and the price was very reasonable for the location (and the time of year).  The only con is that it was a bit noisy outside late at night but that is not the hotel's fault!,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or820-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,my husband n i stayed here 15th to 17th march.hotel very central to bus n rail travel.friendly staff.we cant fault our room.breakfast was excellent.we had no problem with noise.hyde park close by .we were a bit apprenshive after reading bad reviews but cannot fault hotel.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or825-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Someplace to sleep,"It.s a B&B with a  nice group of people at the reception desk,We occupied 3 rooms and had no issues with them as we spent the days and nights out and about. This is all about location as all types of transport are really close.The food was ok and there was plenty of it.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or825-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty walls and noisy.,"Me and my partner stayed here for 2 nights and  i must say that it wasn't the best stay.We left more tired than when we arrived. Dirty walls,shabby doors and windows, uncomfortable matrress, small bathroom and corridors.Doors slamming in the morning from 7 a clock( very annoying), not sure if it was housekeeping or other guests. The space between the bedroom door and the floor must have been about 5 cm and you could feel all the draft coming from unde the door.  Not to many options for breakfast- just scrambled eggs and sausages. No value for your money!  Helpful staff at reception and good location are the only good things about this property.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or825-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good place if you stay for a night or few days,"The place is good, the breakfast was okay, very good location. The Queensway's underground entrance is about 200 mts, which connects you to almost every place. Also near to Kensington Park, Hyde Park and Green Park. Confortable room, even tough is was small, the bathroom was nice. Also, very quiet at night (please, keep in mind that I was in the 3rd floor) WiFi is not free of charge, you have to pay for it. Something negative about this place is that the corridors are VERY narrow, only one person can go through, if you encounter some other guest in your way to your room, it's a pain in the neck. Elevator is WAY too small, only one person can go in, with luck all your stuff too.  Overall, yes, I can recommend this place.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or825-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,Small hotel on a quite street in walking distance to Hyde Park фтв Bayswater Station. Room was really small (near 9 sq. m). My room was on the first floor opposite kitchen entrance and dining room so there was noisy in early morning. So it's better to stay on upper floors. Rooms are clean and in good condition. I booked it through booking.com and hotel made pre authorization charge of half the sum of booking without any warning. When I arrived hotel hod additional 100% of booking. Although the first payment was returned in 10 days all these was unpleasant.,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or825-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but not great,"We stayed at the hotel for our wedding anniversary. The hotel was well situated close to the City Centre. The bedroom was small but comfortable. The bathroom was incredibly small and very hard to use.  The staff were friendly and helpful when we had a small problem. The thing that was really annoying was breakfast. The breakfast bar was very small and getting breakfast reminded me of a rugby scrum, except a rugby scrum has more structure. The area is just too small for the numbers. They also did not serve bacon which was disappointing.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or830-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Incredibly Rude Reception - Business Travellers Avoid !,"I travel to London on business each week, and often stay in budget hotels in the Paddington area, most of which are not worthy of any mention. This review is mainly aimed at fellow business travellers to suggest they may want to stay elsewhere.  I made the reservation with Queen’s Park Hotel via a well known travel web site. During my 4 hour journey from West Wales I telephoned the hotel to let them know I would be arriving around 11:30 pm which I had also mentioned on the booking form.  On checking in I was asked for ID, and although I am a UK citizen I did not have my driving license on this occasion. The receptionist was spectacularly rude and immediately threatened to put me out on the street, saying I would still have to pay the full price of a 4 night stay. Although there…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or830-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"My wife and I visited London with our 2 year old son and after much internet searching decided on the Queens Park hotel. I am so glad we did. For the price (£80), it was great. Perfectly situated near the museums and a 15 minute bus journey to the west end. The hotel itself was pleasant enough at the front desk and our room was great. Spacious and very clean. Great shower and very quiet after approx 10pm. The breakfast was self serve and had all the usual things you would expect, seating was not a problem despite being quite busy. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or830-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Stolen Items, please don't go there","This is the worst experience ever! Me and two friends stayed in this hotel for a night, as we arrived to London to attend a concert. We arrived at 6:00 and left 7:10 (after an hour basically). When we got back from the concert at 00:30 we went straight to the bed and didn't notice anything unusual. The next morning when we were about to leave I noticed that my watch was missing (RRP £209 - quite an expensive watch) and I went to the reception to report a theft. The staff looked at me like I was crazy and told me that these things don't happen in this hotel. I told them that they just did as my watch is missing and asked if I can look at the record on the cameras. I was told that they have no cameras in front of that particular room (how convenient..). I kept saying that my item…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or830-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value but not a great stay,"I stayed one night before taking the Heathrow Express from Paddington.  Check in was friendly & the lift was slow but fine, but then there were a few narrow corridors, steps & fire doors to negotiate with my luggage before I got to the room.  Sticky carpet didn't help - it was a struggle to get to the room (which was not clearly labeled or sign posted).  The room itself was tiny and far, far too hot.  I couldn't work out how to turn the radiator off & the window only opened a few inches, so although it was freezing outside, I couldn't sit in the room.  The concierge came up & turned the radiator off & I sat on the bed with my book for almost an hour, with the door open to create a draft until the room had cooled down.    The concierge booked a morning cab for me, the night…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or830-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don' go there,I recently booked to stay at this hotel for 3 nights but only stayed for 2. The reception was clean and spacious however the room we stayed in was one of the worst we have stayed at whilst in London. Most of the wardrobe area was taken up by a kitchen sink and cooker hob.  The curtains on the window were too narrow to completely cover the window. The bed side light did not work and there were light bulbs blown in the ceiling. Even though we reported the faulty bedside lamp it was not repaired. There was nowhere to hang wet coats.  The bathroom sink had no plug. There were cracks in the wall tiles and the floor tiles of the bathroom and in addition the shower tray was very badly cracked.  Whilst showering the shower tray overfilled due to a blockage in the pipework. I moved the…,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or835-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Well located with very nice buffet-style full English breakfast,We stayed here two nights on a bed and breakfast basis. Our room was clean and comfortable with all the usual facilities including drink making. Breakfast was a very nice buffet-style full English which we thought made our stay very good value. The nearest Underground stop was just a couple of minutes away,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or835-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Queens Park Hotel, Bayswater, London","We had only stayed for two days, but this hotel was clean and it had very helpful staff. First of all the staff were extremely helpful. Breakfast is 8:00 until 10:00. It has five floors and a lift (and stairs). It is about a five minute walk to the nearest Underground station, Queensway, and about a 7 minute walk to the second nearest tube station, Bayswater. Overall, a excellent hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or835-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",very helpful staff /clean and comfortable,"I have just returned from a stay at this hotel,we found it great value for money,very clean and comfortable.the staff where very helpful with anything we asked.Breakfast was a buffet style with both cold and hot food available.great location to tour London from, 2mins walk to Hyde Park and about 5mins to shops and Resturants, Queensway Station also only 5mins away, would stay here again when in London",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or835-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel,"We stayed here for 3 nights in January 14. The reception area is modern and clean. We were checked in quickly by English speaking polite staff. We stayed on 2nd floor which accessible via a lift in the foyer. The floors of the hotel where the bedrooms are situated are a little shabby as could do with A lick of paint but weren't dirty. Our double room was small but fine for two people. There was a flat screen TV in the room with free view. The room was no worse than what you would expect in a travel lodge. The bathroom had a hot shower and was very clean. All in all I thought that this was good value. I gave it a three as it is quite basic but really great for the price. The real bonus was the cooked breakfast buffet which was in with the price. There was fresh juice, coffee,…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or835-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"I stayed here in November 2013 when i went to the Arsenal v Chelsea game, i live far away so we stayed close by to see my football team play. When we arrived the hotel looked nice from the outside, however as we got in they took us round to a back hotel which was small, cold and shabby. Nothing like the pictures on here. There wasnt a range of food on at breakfast so we ate out however after the game a lot of football fans were at the hotel which cheered us up a bit. The staff couldnt understand what you were saying and overall the hotel was an absolute mess and i advise nobody to go here.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or840-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Central,Booked a triple bed room on the 5th floor. The beds were clean and room was cleaned daily. Friendly staff and breakfast included. Showers were hot and towels also changed daily. Liked the central location and closest station is Queensway on the Central Line (a 5min walk).,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or840-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not what they advertise,"Stayed from Thursday until Monday. Had to change room when ever got there ss the room we were given was more of a single with a double bed put in. Changing room was simple enough though. Got given a bigger room,  that oddly had a kitchenette in it and was hidden behind wardrobe style doors. No remote for TV which isn't good as can't reach TV and also meant had on stick to the one channel and had constant subtitles. Breakfast was awful and tbh only found a few of the staff helpful. ",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or840-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room 20,"We visited this hotel in Jan 2014, when we arrived our room was not ready. When we eventually gained access room 20 was actually a single room with a double bed in it , I could not walk round the window side of the bed. The storage space was totally inadequate for a double room and the housekeeping standard was dreadful. We were using this hotel as a base as we were meeting family who were staying elsewhere but when we came back at night ( usually about 10/ 11 ish ) we went to our room to find out that it had not been cleaned to standard and that dirty cups / glasses etc had not been removed .I would say to avoid this hotel unless you were absolutely desperate for a room in London. The radiator did not work  so the room was freezing and the small convector heater did not work…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or840-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Clean and Friendly","A brilliantly valued hotel in the heart of London, 3 minute walk from Queensway station and right on the edge of Hyde Park. Stayed here to visit Winter Wonderland and the Theatre.  Being on the Central Line is a direct link into the city centre and a brilliant station for connecting to the rest of London. A nice 30 minute walk gets you across Hyde Park and close to Puckingham Palace. Very nice road with some more upmarket hotels, a safe and clean area of London.  Room was good sized, comfy twin beds and breakfast was good considering it was free. Fresh juice, continental, scrambled eggs, beans, mushrooms and sausages available too. Filling and good to start your day.  We did have the room right by reception which was noisy in the night due to late arriving guests (reception 24…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or840-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Good value,"I stayed here with my mother and sister for 3 nights in a 3 person room. The room was small but comfortable with a Nice sized bathroom. It seemed as if it was renovated recently as it was very clean and fresh.  Our room was on the ground floor (not the lower ground floor which is in the basement) so it was lit by a small window. Biggest fallback was the noise from the breakfast room in the morning, as it felt we were in it... Still, it was manageable.  Breakfast was Modest but satisfying and as for the location, the hotel is located very conveniently next to 2 tube stations routing 3 lines, so it was very easy to get everywhere.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or845-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A well priced hotel in a good position,"We got a very good deal for a 2 night stay at this hotel whilst we went to see Olympia Horse show. We were 3 ladies and booked a triple room with a request not to be too far from a lift as 2 of us have walking difficulties. On our arrival at the hotel the reception staff couldn't have done enough for us. They tried to get us into our room as soon as possible and I was very impressed with their helpfulness. The room was on the ground floor just through 2 fire doors from reception. Perfect for us! It also had  single beds, tea and coffee supplies > Housekeeping also called to check we were ok - that was good service! The only criticism of the room was that there was no remote control for the tv which meant changing channel defeated we ladies of a certain age. Flat screen tv was…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or845-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","bad room, bad staff","the best thing about this hotel is the location; it is very close to 2 tube stations (circle line & district) which'll take you directly to most attractions without too much swapping lines and a few streets away from paddington station and several bus routes. it is also close to kensington park which would make a nice day out in the summer.  the bathroom was the only redeeming feature of the hotel itself, although it is tiny it was clean and wasnt full of grout or dingy  the entrance or foyer is very deceiving; it is large and fancy which makes you think the rest of the hotel will be when in reality it is cramped and run down. the staff looked down their noses at us as soon as we walked in drenched from the rain in our travelling gear and bags, didnt tell us how to find our room…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or845-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"Stayed just one night having decided on late pre-Christmas visit to London.  Saw hotel rates on internet sites and checked with hotel's own website.  They offered early bird deal which was same if booked direct.  £58 for bed and bed across the road from Hyde Park!  Therefore was slightly wary but the reviews were reasonably reassuring.  Checked in by efficient and friendly staff and found our room to be lovely and warm, exceptionally clean and had all we needed for our stay.  Tea making facilities, basic toiletries and tv.  The mattress creaked a little but it wasn't uncomfortable so we slept well.  Breakfast offered good choice and the dining area had an annexe so there was plenty of room at the busy times.  I cannot fault this hotel and will certainly be returning on our next…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or845-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Cheerful,"Ok this is not the hilton or even the Ramada but you get what you pay for. It was £71 B&B for a double room. The room I got had a single and a double, reasonable bathroom and was clean and tidy. Some of the other rooms are smaller so i am keeping my room number to myself so I can book it next time. There's a new lift so use it as the older lifts are very small. Breakfast was ok for me. Coffee on tap, toast, croissant and fruit juice. I saw sausages and eggs but I don't bother with that in the morning. The breakfast room is canteen like with hard floors so it can be very noisy...hangover unfriendly. I was leaving at 9.45am and noticed that the breakfast room was a lot less busy so go real early or after 9.30 would seem to be the plan. All in all this is a budget hotel centrally…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or845-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Works just fine,"Upon arriving at the hotel from queensway underground we found the reception clean and the staff efficient and helpful. We went to our room, the corridors are a little scuffed and could do with a freshen up but nothing was grotty. The room was clean with a lovely bathroom. The beds were the only downside for me, the mattress wasn't the best at all. Small TV with free view worked fine. Breakfast was nice, a small selection of cooked, cereal, toast and yogurt. Cooked lovely and tasted nice. In all it's fine and works as a nice average hotel on the cusp of Hyde Park. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or850-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"I stayed 4 nights and the hotel exceeded my expectations. Staff was always wellcoming and friendly. Room was very small but clean as well as the bathroom and towels. Beds were average but not that bad, we got good night sleeps. Some noices were heard from the corridor as the other guests walked by but not from the other rooms. The hotel is bit rambling but i guess the elderly houses usually are. lifts were very small. The other one could not take any luggage, just two persons. The location was great, nice  quiet area and two underground stations near (Queensway and Bayswater). Also bus stops near. Breakfast was good even for continental taste. I can recommend this to a person who understands the ratio between the money and the value. if you expect five star hotel for the money…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or850-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",just ok hotel,hotel was booked for business and the rating was ok ... staying backed up rating as it was just ok. Rooms was very small although clean. The price was higher than hotel justified. breakfast was basic and staff were mixed.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or850-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare from the very beginning,"I have recently returned from a night at this hotel. First impressions of the staff were not great. They were not exactly welcoming. I don't expect much but a smile would not go amiss.   We then went to our room and thought we had walked into a sauna! It is December and even the open window did nothing for the room temperature. I thought I would call reception and ask them how to turn the tiny radiator off but alas the phone did not work and I ended up going to reception to ask them to sort it out. The only redeeming moment was that a member of the maintenance team was in the room before I made it back up. He managed to turn the radiator off then went off to sort out the phone, never to be seen again. We then discover that the only channel receiving a signal was e4 +1 and the…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or850-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, value for money","Just got back from a short 3nights stay in London, Queens Park Hotel.  Was a skeptic, considering the 90% bad reviews found almost everywhere, but glad that my wife and I was proved otherwise.  Great price, decent room, fantastic location and brilliant staff.  Heard it was just refurbished recently, I suppose we came at the right time.  Room was pleasant, on the 4th floor.    For those still sitting on the fence, don't wait any longer.  It is a great hotel for the price you are paying.  I don't understand those giving bad reviews, come on its not a 5 star hotel.  What do you expect from the 100+ pounds you are paying per night.  Lets be realistic.  For the extremely low price, I paid on average not more than 100 pounds per night, you got a pretty decent stay in a good location. …",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or850-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nothing to shout about,"Ok hotel, rooms very small in a good location very near Hyde park and tube station , breakfast room not good very small serving tables to many people at one time getting breakfast pushing .hotel a bit old in places , no remote to tv,",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or855-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional value,We stayed for just one night and having read some of the reviews I was somewhat worried. I needn't have been. Our room was clean and looked like it had been recently decorated. Sheets and towels were fresh and well laundered. Breakfast was fine. Considering we paid less than £70 this was good value in a great location. If you want to stay in London on a budget then this hotel is fine.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or855-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Ok, for a starter, lift is super tiny, can only fit 1 max 2 on on one of the lift. Rooms is ok, carpet looks really worn.. breakfast is free, can food mostly but cant complain as it is free. Location is great, not far from bayswater station and is across a nice massive park.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or855-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",fine for one night,"We booked this hotel for one night as we were going to a concert at the Albert Hall, booked through Booking.com and paid £90. It is very close to Queensway tube. The room was very small, and it was evidently some form of apartment previously as behind some cupboard doors there was a sink and a fridge (not working). The size of the room didn't bother us as we only booked it to lay down our head! The décor was OK, and apart from a few marks on the wall, was clean. There is a luggage storage facility, so we dropped off our case and headed straight out until we checked in later in the evening.  The bed was comfy, the room was very warm, we had the window open despite it being November. Breakfast was a free-for-all, it was very busy, difficulty in getting in the right queue and…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or855-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Lost booking, tiny room. Good Breakfast.","We made our booking in advance via Booking.com. When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist could not find our booking on their system. We were asked to take a seat, and waited whilst 4 other parties came in and were checked in before we were then looked at again. The receptionist was polite and friendly and dealt with us professionally, the next morning the manager spoke with us to clear everything up. There was obviously a mis communication between Booking.com and the hotel.  The room we were given was 518. You had to walk up and down, through a few corridors before you got to our room. The room was very small, compact with an en-suite. The bed was squeaky, and as you sat down felt like it was going to break! The cream walls were all marked. En-suite was small, and the…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or855-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms & no air,"Our triple room was small but luckily there was a big wardrobe that we could lay 2 suitcases in & we the the other on a chair. The window can only open a little way so it was stuffy, sticky & hot even though outside temp was cold so summer would be unbearable. We were there for 3 N Before heading to Paris for 3 nights. on our return (we had 1 N) so our daughter got her own room. I joked  that our new rooms couldn't be any smaller! Ha I was wrong. Decided to leave our luggage in the car & just take in our overnighters. Staff were very helpful & friendly & breakfast was great & lots of it.  ",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or860-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very acceptable. ,"Great location, bed was SO COMFY, service was good as expected, room small-ish but your in London and I have had much smaller! Breakfast average but we arrived 15 mins before the end so expected. A little trek to the room through small corridors but if you going to complain about things like that I suggest you stay 5*. All in all a very enjoyable night! We will be back! Richard and Catherine. (Room 321)",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or860-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, friendly staff, value for money!","My flight to London from Melbourne was long, and arrived at Heathrow at 6am. By the time I got to the hotel it was around 8am and I didn't expect to be checked in at that time, but wanted to store my luggage. To my surprise, they had a room on the second floor and happily allowed me to check in right away. I was so grateful, and it was a great start to my two nights in London, encountering friendly, helpful staff. The Queens Park is in a fantastic location, close to Paddington and Bayswater, with plenty to see and do. My room on the second floor had two twin beds, and while small, was quite sufficient for me as I was travelling alone. Great shower, clean, comfy bed, and breakfast was included. I think this hotel is really good value for money with many more positives than…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or860-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Kensington location, good price","We stayed in room, B101. I liked the room, my wife did not. Very large room, the weird thing about this room is that the bomb shelter under the road has been converted into a huge bathroom for this room.  Being in the basement you could hear everything happening on the floor above.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or860-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Think we were in a different hotel to some of the reviewers,"After reading all the reviews we were apprehensive about staying at the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised.  The staff were friendly and welcoming.  Our room was a good size, and very clean. Plenty of hot water and clean towels, toiletries. The hotel is very handy for a lot of places walk across the park to the museums,   about ten minutes walk to Oxford Circus and walk the other way to Queensway and Notting Hill where there are lots of different restaurants. The breakfast was well cooked and a good selection (No bacon but sausages) cereals, fruit. We went down to breakfast quite early but it did seem to get busy by the time we had finished our breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or860-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Negatives outweigh the positives,"Booked this hotel through a travel agent in Australia. For 3 people staying 4 nights, it was just over $800AU. Location was good, only a short walk from Queensway tube station and Hyde Park was just across the road. However, We were not at all impressed with the hotel, on arriving we found our room to be extremely small, it had no air conditioning and with 3 people in the room it quickly became stifling. The carpet in the room had a large hole in it next to the wall, light fittings and vents in the ceiling were loose and dirty. We found out that one of the windows had a broken lock on it and could therefore not be secured. Then when we went to watch the TV, we found that there was no remote, when we approached the reception, the staff member told us that we would have to wait…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or865-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Give it a chance and make your own mind up.,"After reading the reviews for this hotel after I booked it, I was actually dreading it and if it wasn't for the fact that Thomas Cook wanted a fortune to alter my booking then I would not have stayed there. That would have been my loss. This hotel is in a brilliant location,it is clean and the staff friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast,despite classing itself as a continental, contains a good selection of warm items and is constantly being replenished. Plenty of hot water no matter what time you need it and clean towels and toiletries even when not requested. My husband and I will definitely be staying here on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or865-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic 3 star hotel,"The Queen's Park Hotel is in a great area, just off the Bayswater Road.  There's a very handy bus stop a couple of minutes away and also two tube stations.  The hotel is a 15 minute walk to Portobello Market and across the road from Hyde Park.  You can walk through the park to the History and Science Museums and A & V in about half an hour.  The breakfasts were fine, there was everything there you could want.  The staff were really good and helpful.  They were all very polite and cheerful from the cleaners to reception staff.  We asked for extra pillows and we got them.  Good place to stay on a budget.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or865-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","If manager does not understand quality,the hotel will never be of quality","the bathroom sink is stride.I call reception.The answer was:""We will not be able to solve that problem until tomorrow.The sink overflowed because the overflow drainage was not connected.I call reception.The answer was:""I will send somebody to clean the floor.I sit on the bed to watch TV.(There were no chairs in the room.It was very small.Almost no place for baggage)There was no remote control.I call reception.The answer was:We have no remote control to provide you.I sit again on the bed.The bed leg broke.I Call reception and demand to be changed of room.After certain period of time they offered me a room ...in the basement!!!However the room was confortable and large enough.The next day they wanted to move me to another room that they did not show to me.So I said I would prefer…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or865-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent localization, but only an average hotel stay.","I booked this hotel at the internet because I'd like to stay in a place near to the centre of London for Just sightseeing there for only 3 days. Queens hotel has an excellent localization for this purpose, it´s very near both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations, only 5 minutes by walk. If you have a time it´s also a good ideia go walking to Hyde park, that is very close too. About the hotel facilities the room is very tiny and basic, with a confortable bed and a LCD TV with basic channels. The bathroom is tiny too, but with a good hot shower. I stayed in a basement floor which the way looked like a dungeon. The front desk is friendly and very helpful. One thing I didn´t like was the Elevator, it was so tiny that it almost impossible go inside with  just one luggage! The…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or865-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"The worst hotel ever seen. My room was under ground floor and was like luggage room, max 6m. Bathroom and facilities were in bad condition partly broken, partly bad repaired.  Stuff was deeply unfriendly and unpolite, my asks about tea or towel were just ignored. They were quiet rude while checking me in, loudly speaking and discussing me while i was standing nearby.  I paid for wi-fi which is supposed to be in room, but on this basement floor there was no wi-fi at all and I had to go upstairs and to seat near reception. Breakfast was poor in small cafe with dirty tables The only good thing is that it is near tube",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or870-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget Hotel in Great Location,"I found this hotel through a blind booking via Expedia and paid just over £150 for three nights and recckon it was great value. its location near both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations means it is less than 5 mins walk with Queensway Bering slightly nearer. Check in was pleasant and speedy and unlike others I had no problem then or any other time with the lift. The room was small and had my partner been with me we'd have been struggling for space to move but as a single it was fine. The bed was comfortable, the TV, shower, lights and everything else worked fine. Breakfast was OK but I tend just to have cereal and coffee. Some other reviewers complained about waiting but I didn't notice any problems. One of the joys of staying here is that you can be in Kensington Gardens…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or870-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",basic city living,"I stayed in the Queens Park Hotel on the 2nd floor in a double room on my own and the room was tiny and basic. Room was very warm so I had to open the window, and with the noise from the 'hostel' across the road, this didn't help with trying to get to sleep. The breakfast in the morning is absolute chaos.  The food is in the centre of the room and then there are people trying to get toast, hot tea and coffee and move around. Food is mostly canned of a cheap brand, anyone with dietary requirements would have to bring their own.  Even the fruit is just mixed fruit out of a can.  I would be totally surprised that there have not been accidents here with hot tea/coffee and people bumping off each other. One of the reception staff was very helpful, he was a dutch guy.  You would…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or870-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","very clean room, breakfast is more then adequate.","We were given a large bedroom for our 2 night stay. It was clean and the beds were comfortable, would have liked 2 pillows to sleep on, they only provide one. Hotel was full so I did not like to ask for extra pillow. Breakfast was good, buffet style, you could eat as much as you wanted, We would have preferred second morning to have our eggs boiled or fried and not scrambled with is provided everyday, Staff were very polite and helpful and gave us extra help with the internet connections. I only resend I will not go back to this hotel is because they kept running out of hot water for our showers. The hotel was full and I am aware hot water is in constant use, but having to put up with cold showers twice, 2 mornings in a row will stop me coming back to this hotel. if it wasn't…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or870-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best ,Ordered a single room for 3 nights . Got a small cramped room on the first floor with a view straight into a wall. No a/c so rather warm. Though the window opened it wasn't very far. TV high on the wall and no remote. Only one pillow for the lumpy bed. Bathroom was very small with the toilet right next to the shower cabinet. And you had to be a contortionist to reach the toilet roll. No minibar in the room. And the wifi was down when I arrived. I managed to get extra pillows and a TV remote but I had to ask more than once. On the plus side the room and bath was clean! ,None,2.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or870-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park Hotel in London is terrible!!,"This hotel is no way similar to ""Hilton Hotel"" as described by Hotwire when I booked thru their ""secret hotels"" on line.  I would say this is a ONE STAR hotel for sure, not a three star as per Hotwire.  We had to go thru 4 different hall ways to go to our room. The hall ways are very narrow and  bumpy.  They are separated by doors and we had to go thru 2 steps and turn 90 degrees to go to another hallway each time -- absolutely horrible to go thru with luggages.  The mattress is so old and there are basically two big dents in the shape of two people on a double bed.  In the bathroom when I stood in front of the sink, my pants would touch the toilet bowl when I turned around. - it is even smaller than the bathroom in the inside cabin of a cruise ship.  When I requested the front…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or875-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just okay,This hotel is located close to the park and is close to all public transport and the Big Bus stop.  The rooms are exceptionally small and you cannot even open your suitcase on the floor. We had to stand our suitcases up and even had to place one  in the bathroom as there was only just enough room to get into the very squeaky bed. To get to the rooms you have to go up and then back down several sets of stairs in narrow corridors and we found this very difficult with luggage. The reception staff were pleasant but the breakfast staff always seemed grumpy. Breakfast was basic but adequate but the area was not set up well and was congested with people all trying to get what they needed.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or875-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London on a budget!,"We booked the hotel as part of a weekend package tour to London for our wedding anniversary. The hotel certainly wasn't 3* as I had asked the travel agent for! Although reception is beautifully decorated, that seems to be the only part of the hotel any money has been spent on. The lifts are tiny, and very old - we and our one bag of luggage just about fitted in! Corridors are very thin and narrow. Our room was very small. Couldn't walk around the bed without hitting your knee on either the bed or the wardrobe. The bathroom was very small. The bed came with 2 very flat pillows. We had to prop them up with the blanket that was in the wardrobe. It also creaked every time we took a breath whilst lying on it! Breakfast was crazy - a buffet that simply isn't big enough to feed the…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or875-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Short break to london,"Hotel is good value for money , clean and great breakfast  Close to tube station, bus stop and hyde park   Ideal for short stay  We had room 404 good size and only mnor complaint no air conditioning and as with most hotels it was warm at night  Friends also stayed had air con in their room  Would stay again",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or875-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average experience,"Good located next to the subway which is very convenient, but average experience, small like any English apartment. We had no problems there in overall. We stayed for a short time so it's ok, I wouldn't recommend for a long staying, only if you wanna save some money to party or shopping. But for a short stay is ok!",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or875-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Overall okay,"After reading the reviews we were very apprehensive however, we must have got lucky as we had a lovely room and the bathroom was ultra modern. The bed was so comfy and the pillows, although very flat were really comfortable. Breakfast was fine although the area did become a little congested at times.  The only negatives we found was that there was only one bedside lamp and the curtains were not wide enough for the room.  I did notify reception who said he would contact Housekeeping, but for our duration we had the hotel opposite able to see in our room when the light was on, it also meant being woken up by the light mornings.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or880-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very Happy!,"This is a typical London hotel which means if your American it’s small, but that seems to be the standard in the UK ,  we were prepared for that and asked the Hotel to hold our empty luggage.   There was no charge.   We were booked for 11 nights in September.  I have to say that we had a very pleasant stay.  The hotel is located near major bus lines and near two tube stations.  There is lovely Hyde Park a few steps away and plenty of shops and restaurants and pubs .  The Staff was very friendly and helpful.  The concierge was very helpful and was always pleasant and spent a great deal of time drawing maps and explaining how the tubes worked.  The staff was always friendly even with our multiple requests, and the room kept very clean.   I must say that the staff was probably one…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or880-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but the rooms left a lot to be desired,"The location of the hotel is very good with 2 tube stations Bayswater and Queensway just 2-3 mins walking distance and the gorgeous Kensington Park just 2 mins walk, the rooms left much to be desired, too tiny, after keeping the luggage we could hardly move!",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or880-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"We stayed in a hotel for over a week. First impression was good - reception looked nice and staff was quite friendly, but our room was a great dissapointment. The paint on walls was chipped, a table was cut in half and glued to the wall, hair dryer didn't work and kettle's wire was too short to reach the socket from the table so we had to put it on the floor. The room overall was very small, but the wardrobe was so tiny, that we couldn't fit even one of the suitcases in it. We complained on the same night, but were told that in fact we got a 'better"" kind of room, in a renovated part of the hotel. We had to wait through all weekend for the manager to appear. He didn't even want to hear about a refund and after a long discussion he reluctantly agreed to move us to premium suite…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or880-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A not so mice surprise,"I must admit up until my final night of a four night stay I was satisfied with the room for the amount paid. Admittedly breakfast was appalling but i didn't have high expectations (the sausages should be completely avoided and each morning they were out of plates and cutlery - but i could get past that). The room was small but it seemed clean and i didn't have any problems with noise despite being on the main road. The location is good also being only a few minutes from the tube stop. Staff were friendly and attentive at reception.  On the final night of my stay, prior to bed i accidentally dropped my phone under the bed - when i picked it up i accidentally grabbed a small white box. I pulled it out to see the word ""RODENTICIDE"" in big bold red letters across the top. I cant say…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or880-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Never, ever again!","Lets first list the negatives! Room - way too small, nowhere for an average suitcase to fit, 8 inch gap around one side of the bed so my husband had to climb up from the bottom of the bed. Only 1 tiny 7"" wide bedside table on narrow side nowhere to put book, spectacles etc on other side of bed. Same gaudy red and yellow smudgy picture canvasses are everywhere (no imagination, must have got a job lot) Location - very noisy street though close to Hyde Park Bathroom - shower was very difficult to regulate (no instructions on how to operate it either), slightest adjustment of regulator turned freezing cold water into scalding hot. Could be dangerous in my opinion. No shelf for toiletries in shower. No toilet brush. Wardrobe - only 4 clothes hangers (totally inadequate for 2 people…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or885-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay there again.,"We booked this hotel because of its proximity to Hyde Park as we were attending a concert there. From the outside it looks quite impressive and the reception area is ok, but our room was a different matter! It could only be described as subterranean with a tiny window so high up that we couldn't see out of it. It was also boiling hot with an air con unit that would only blow out hot air. The safe was broken and when I asked for an extra pillow I was told that there wasn't a single spare pillow in the whole hotel and I would have to manage. As a result of all this we spent 2 very uncomfortable nights here. The redeeming feature was the breakfast which was very good. There was a good choice and plenty of it.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or885-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"07-08/09/13. A group of 8 friends booked this hotel for our trip to London.We were all impressed with the hotel staff - their helpfulness and friendliness was well appreciated.  The bedrooms are well ample for a short stay. T.V. Bathroom - clean, tidy (what else do you need). The breakfast included in the price was good value for money (buffet style - eat as much as you like - Coffee, tea, juice, full breakfast, toast - etc). 24 hour front of house. There was no noise until about 08.00 a god nights sleep was had by all. Will go there again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or885-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What do you expect for the price.,"Having read the reviews by other guests are pitty the hotel for the jumped up clients it's obviously attracting.... It's london for less then a £100 per night WHAT DO THEY EXPECT. Yes the rooms are a little small but there very clean the beds are comfy and the staff are pleasant. The whole of London is in five minutes walking distance if the tube and the price is way under the four and five stars of the centre hotels..... If you want I nice clean hotel for a couple of nights this is the place for you, if you want crystal glasses and marble bathrooms then pay 2000 grand and stay somewhere else .... ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or885-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value for money,Needed a cheap hotel in London for a concert and we found it........  Excellent value for money and the staff were very helpful etc.  Its a bit of an odd numbering system which could have been explained slightly better but soon sussed it out!  Included in the price also was breakfast which had a vast array of items and unlimited drinks.  Would highly recommend this.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or885-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Won't be visiting again,"I booked this hotel through Priceline.com, a bidding site where you don't know what you are booking. It meant that I got the room for £88 per night instead of £111. It still wasn't worth it. The room was small, the bed was way too soft, and it moved when we even sat on it. Also, housekeeping knocked on our door at 8.30am on the Sunday, despite check-out not being until 11. The location is OK. The breakfast is OK. The shower, in the tiny bathroom, was actually pretty good, although the water was soft. There was a kettle and tea and coffee sachets in the room, but they were terrible. It's difficult to get a budget hotel in London that is good quality but I won't be staying here again. My review would have been even worse if I had paid rack-rate.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or890-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a short break.,"This hotel is similar to many in London, a nice and modern reception but then has warren of corridors up and down stairs to get to your room.  There are two lifts, one is so small you could only fit two very close people inside!  The room was a decent standard with all the modern facilities you would expect.  The room was a reasonable size for London.  Breakfast wasn't the best food in the world but the local area had some good shops and a few pubs where you could have evening meals.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or890-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Happily surprised,"My daughter and I spent a week at the Queens Park Hotel in London. We were happily surprised to get a large room with a mini kitchen (stove, refrigerator, microwave and sink). It allowed us to prepare evening meals when we were too exhausted to go out to eat. I would highly recommend this hotel for families",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or890-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room size  tiny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"We arrived on the 19th Aug for a three night stay, on arrival at the hotel we noticed some decorating taking place in reception not the best time of day to be undertaken!.we checked in and paid for the three nights in full before we even saw the room. We then squeezed Into the elevator with luggage and went to are room when and if you read other reviews please take note of corridor sizes and levels it was like a maze up down left right are suitcases only just fitted.on arrival at room the biggest thing to notice was the size this was no double room no way!!!!! We had to single beds joined together had to shuffle sideways to get past bed and wardrobe and wardrobe door would not open fully because of bed. 1 pillow each 3 inches thick and no where to put luggage without getting in…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or890-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst staff,The rooms were extremely small. The staff were very rude and at least two are racist. I complained to the manager but nothing happened. Breakfast is horrible and they are not on time. You will see a big line in the breakfast in the morning because they start so late and end so early despite the hours posted. There are pickpockets on the area. The walls maybe thin as I hear voices next to my room and outside.  The only positive thing i can say is that the room was clean.,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or890-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",loved our stay,"We went on a family holiday, my wife,my sister and myself. We arrived a little too early so they allowed us to lock our bags up and we went hiking yes London hiking. Our room was ready on return, lovely clean and modern but HOT!! Oh so hot, I went and got a fan from reception which helped but still very hot. It didn't help that UK was having a heat wave. The room was a tripple room and the shower room was clean and modern,recently redone. The staff were super helpful and even opened the kitchen in the evening to allow us to heat up food we had bought we were on the third floor overlooking the road so we had a little noise but not really anything to bother us. Having read some of the reviews I was a little worried at my choice of venue but I was pleasantly surprised. I would…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or895-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wish it would have been a much better experience,"I booked 2 rooms through Hotwire for myself, my 77 yr. old mom and my 2 daughters and we stay from June 23-27, 2013.  When making this 3 Star reservation I was not expecting to be in accommodations that were under major reservations, with elevators repairs and full construction in hallways, stairwells and several rooms all around us on our floor.   We were also in room 103 that was like a smouldering sauna, and barley got any sleep at all.  The rooms were so small that there wasn’t enough room for our 2 suitcase!! When dealing with the front desk we were told like many others, too bad ~ so sad nothing could be done, the room as paid for and that was that.   The most frustrating part of this whole experience is that when making a customer complaint with Hotwire, the Hotwire…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or895-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park Hotel,"We booked this hotel only few days before our departure to London. The price was very reasonable. Hotel didn't have very good reviews so I was a little concerned about what to expect. When I arrived I was delighted with part of the city, close to Kensington Park, then the staff was very friendly and the rooms and bathrooms are not first class but they are clean and that's the most important to me. Next to the hotel there are two metro stations and bus stops and so everything is perfectly connected with all parts of the city you want to visit. Altogether I'm satisfied.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or895-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A prison cell would have been more humane,"We ( young daughter and I) just stayed there on July 29 and 30, 2013. We had tiny room 103 and it was like a sauna. I had my Suunto hiking thermometer with me and the room was a baking 32C!!!  The long and thin tiny window barely open. I went down to reception to complain and they had two electric fans left and gave me one. After waking up multiple times sweating and drinking all our bottle water, I was just fed up. My daughter was dying of thirst. I am positive a prison cell would have been more humane. I couldn't believe I paid $358 for two nights. You couldn't pay me to stay here!  At 1 am, I went down to the cool air conditioned lobby to complain to a sleeping receptionist. I said it was impossible to sleep in my 32C temperature room and you couldn't even pay me to stay…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or895-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay at Queen's Park Hotel,"We booked a family room which had a double and two single beds in a room which should have only had two beds.   There was no room to move, we were in a basement, the lift was tiny and there was renovations happening.   Way too expensive, I wouldn't recommend it.       ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or895-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",could have done better,"We had chosen this hotel because of its location for the medical appointments I had at the Lister Hospital & at Harley St. I had informed them of my disability and poor mobility. We were on 3rd floor in a rabbit warren of confined narrow corridors with numerous steps up and down before we even got to our room. Although the room was clean you could only just walk sideways between end of bed and dressing table. No additional pillows (housekeeping didn't have any spares) so extra pillows were taken from empty rooms. The room had a very small window which barely opened up. There was very little in the way of access or amenities for those of us with a disability, there were 3 lifts but only 1 would take a wheelchair.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or900-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","reasonable, but not great hotel near Hyde Park","We stayed there July 4-6 and also July 20-21. Great location – near fantastic Hyde Park (lots of fun events at Hyde Park – our trip coincided with a Bon Jovi concert and an Aston-Martin show).  Great people on our first visit (less so on the 2nd), but every little thing cost money (like luggage storage – seriously, who charges for that???).   Breakfast was plentiful (buffet), but mediocre.   Room was tiny, but we expected that. Not as clean as I like.   Appreciated that there was a lift.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or900-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest lift I've ever seen,Booked for 2 night stay 10-11 July for city break. Price £100 a night with breakfast. hotel is in residential area surrounded by hostels so a lot of dodgy characters loitering in groups making for  uncomfortable walk at end of night out. Approx 7 mins from tube. First room we were given was a joke! Literally you could fall onto the bed on opening the door. Soft spongy mattress which squeaked ridiculously so asked to change. Staff rude and not accommodating. Next room slightly better but sink in en suites was so tiny impossible to wash face without major water spillage. In morning could hear next door neighbours having a domestic! Breakfast- no restaurant just tables lined up in hotel foyer area. Worlds smallest lift to get top room- just about squeezed my husband and I in. Asked…,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or900-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Staff !,"We stayed here for 4 nights from Thursday July 4th. London was really crowded due to British Summertime festival in Hyde park, Jon Bon Jovi on Friday and the Rolling Stones on Saturday. When we arrived the check in procedure was very fast and efficient, Roberto was very friendly and we got a newly refurbished room without carpet on the 5t floor. The room at the backside of the hotel was very quiet, very Clean and the only thing we missed was an aircondition ! The weather was sunny and warm and the room got really hot. The breakfast was not as good as we expected. There was scrambled eggs, beans, sausages, mushrooms and tomatoes but no bacon. Jam and cheese  but no ham. The croissants were warm and the coffe was really good! On Sunday night we were going to check in on our flight…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or900-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate!!,"I booked a triple room for me and my friends as we were seeing a concert at the 02 arena.  If you don't want to pay alot and are on a budget then this is what you want.  I thought the website looked quite nice when I booked it....but then I read some of the reviews on trip advisor, by this time it was already booked, so I went with it.  Upon arrival it seemed quite nice, as you walked into an air conditioned recpetion with marble looking floors.  So first impressions very clean and quite fresh and welcoming.  The receptionist was also very smiley and greeted us gracfully, but then it happened!! They said 'they have had some problems and they need to transfer us to another hotel a few doors down' assuring us that it was of the same star standard.  The hotel was The Apollo....do…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or900-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights in London,Centrally located. Rooms were clean but  were too small and it felt like going into a sauna every evening when you got back.   No air conditioning and with temperatures around 29 a fan in the room wouldn't go amiss. Will not be staying here again,Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or905-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a short break,"Stayed overnight , we were booked into the sister hotel Bayswater Inn but told our room was not available there . we had a free taxi despite offering to do the 5 minute walk which I felt was good customer service. Reception staff at both hotels were welcoming . The room was very small and looked out onto ground to roof plasterboard and not very sound proof .Not sure whether the row we could not help but hear was from guests or staff .Breakfast was good with plenty of seating and the hotel is close to tubes, shops, bars and restaurants with the park across the road .Good for a mini break in London .",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or905-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location but quality is not that brilliant,"The location is very good if you want to go shopping, attractions, theatre and things like that however the quality of the hotel is a bit poor  and the receptionist was very unwelcoming. You won't be greeted with a smile at the hotel, the room attendants were much more helpful than the reception. However rooms were not that bad, small yes because you could barely move however clean. The lifts were very small only two thin persons fit in fact we had to send our languages one buy one alone in the lift. The lift  was a bit small too.  If you ever decide to stay at this hotel do not have breakfast because we ended up eating the same breakfast for a whole week. However the hotel was not very expensive and had good location.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or905-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",To small,We didn't get the twin bedroom we had ordered and ended up in a small room with a small bed.  The room was boiling and it was just a small window that didn't let in that much air.  Most of our floor was being redecorated and the workers started at about 8am and was quite noisy.  Breakfast was ok and staff was polite and nice. Good location.,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or905-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ok but not brilliant,"If you are looking for convenience for theatres then its fine tube stations handy but be aware the queens park one has one lift or 123 steps up ! The hotel is ok some work being done but that's fine, located near some shops & restaurants & across the road from Hyde Park. Tour bus stops at the top of the road which is great. Although we wouldn't choose to go back it was clean & the staff were helpful. Breakfast was ok.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or905-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",so so..,"I spend 2 nights in this hotel last week. Rooms were clean, beds comfortable, but I didn't like that rooms and bathroom were so small.. no space even to turn around.  Stuff was very polite and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or910-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Shocking, do not stay here!","Stayed here as a birthday present. Wish I hadn't bothered! Everything about the room was shocking the windows had mud all over them, the wardrobes aren't attached to the wall properly. Wires from the tv hanging out everywhere. No room to swing a cat. One bid disappointment! Wrecked the whole experience! ",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or910-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid! Shabby lousy ""hotel""","The location is good and that's it! the Queens Park is an old lousy place that is falling apart. We ordered a double room and yet the rooms were real tiny, when I complained about it the shift manager answer was, ""well, there are even smaller rooms than tha""t. Guess people are sleeping while standing in these rooms.  IGNORE the pics on their site, they probably improved them with Photoshop. The loby was gloomy and well overused and the corridors were narrow and claustrophobic; 2 old tiny elevators that hardly work, thanks heavens we were on the first floor and didn't have to use them. The rooms were even worth, the floor carpet was old and full of dust, the walls were dirty and the bed was extremely old and very not comfortable. In addition the so called ""breakfast"" was lousy…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or910-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ZERO FLEXIBILITY,"I was trying to make a reservation for September/2013,  By mistake I made the reservation for the same day I was typing. I tried to cancel the reservation just a few minutes later, but I was charged for one day.  The hotel staff was not open to understanding my mistake and let me correct the reservation dates with no charge.   The same complain apies to Booking.com that was not able to help me.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or910-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very Bad Experience,"PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Okay, yes location is good, good breakfast, but.. Stayed at this hotel for 3 days, and each  day put up a sign to say, ""Do No Disturb"" and each day the staff came in, not to clean but to give towels. The toilet seat was off its hinge, the back of the toilet had dried urine and we were women, the room had a flood from the room upstairs, the desk/dresser had drawers off the rail and I WAS ROBBED!!! Euro's, pounds, Canadian money and my IDENTITY! During  day tour I thought of pick pockets and left my money, cards, etc., in the bottom drawer under many items. All was taken... Police were called, staff was not supportive and I have never heard from management, this was almost 2 weeks ago. We had 2 twin beds, very small room, could hardly get around the…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or910-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good,"It is good area tube station and Paddington in walking distance, room was tiny but clean and bathroom was very good. Breakfast was fine, a lot of food to eat:) The only thing is after 8am too many people at the breakfast and one women who was serving the breakfast very rude .. Also I need to tell you about television. When I was sittiing in bed and want to watch a TV there was no chance to move it to good position so what I saw was only a black screen but in opposite was mirror so I was watching Tv in a mirror :D",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or915-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money!,"I won't claim that this is the most fancy hotel I've ever staid in, it's pretty average judging by London standards. However, for £52 per night, I didn't expect much either. The room was tiny, but clean. The best part about my stay was actually the breakfast! It was easily the best hotel breakfast I've had in London, and I think I've tried at least 10 different hotels by now...",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or915-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for.,"As a budget hotel within a good distance from 2 tube stations and only 1 stop from Paddington there are many worse. Bayswater high street has both a tesco and a sainsburys as well as a plethora of places to eat locally so most things are at your disposal. The room I stayed in was tiny but was only there for one night so wasn't overly concerned by the size. Slightly annoying was the way my mattress slid away from the wall when I sat on it due to the actual  base underneath not being attached or boxed in, I slept surprisingly well though if I was there for longer I would have requested an extra pillow. The breakfast is standard european buffet fare, gets busy but was able to sit no problem. Would say that if you're planning to leave luggage then they ask for £1 per item. If you're…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or915-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",very good for the price,"Were put in a tiny, tiny room, asked for another the next day and with a smile they changed to a nice room with balcony. Rooms clean and very very helpfull staff. Varm breakfast with egg tomatoes sauges and baked beans, crosaint toast and bons. area good. Try the pub on the corner of Queens way, good english food.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or915-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",weekend break in a building site,"Extremely disappointed with this hotel,as our room was at the end of a corridor where major refurbishment was being carried out,when we first arrived the room seemed OK rather small & quite shabby but as the price was reasonable we didn,t make a fuss.But as the morning arose we realised outside our door was the thoroughfare for all the workmen using a metal fire escape to constantly run up & down carrying rubble& tools back an forth! As it was bank holiday Monday we was out sightseeing all day extremely tired we just retired to bed until 6am the next morning when it all started again at one stage there was 6 workmen outside our window shouting & smoking, when my partner approached the manager he was extremely rude & just said we should have asked to change rooms!  WHAT At 6am…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or915-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid,Avoid,Avoid at all costs!!","Just had the worst hotel experience in years,and believe me,I've stayed in some terrible terrible hotels.The entire experience has been a nightmare.Uncomfortable,tatty room,bad enough you may think? Not even close! No mention when booking online about work being carried out at the ""hotel"",and that's a term i apply very loosely to this particular establishment.Ok,any improvement to this place should be encouraged and applauded,mo argument there.My gripe is we were placed in a room where it would be difficult to swing a mouse,yet alone the preverbial cat,in the middle of a building site.It gets worse! Within a foot or so of our bedroom window was a metal staircase fire escape,which was being used from 6am as an access for workmen and materials which was bad enough.It gets worse!…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or920-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, small, shabby.......","The Good: Location,  clean, good TV channel choice and clear picture, location (so good it goes in twice), comfortable bed and decent breakfast.  The Bad: The sink had no plug and no grill so was basically a very big hole down which quite large items (contacts, toothpaste) fell and could not be got back.  Especially annoying as it was a cramp space so you tended to knock things over easily. Each person had one very flat pillow.  We arrived about 10pm and asked for more but were told we had to ask again in the morning.  This was annoying for two reasons - 1.  They could not just get more pillows now and 2. They could not make a note of it so we did not have to ask morning staff too. Our room was above the main door where people smoke.  On the last night/day it was quite smelly. …",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or920-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Stay,"We were fairly worried by some of the reviews before we visited the hotel.  On arrival we were pleasantly surprised.  The corridors to our room were slightly shabby and rather cold but once we reached our room we were totally happy as it was clean, modern and very warm which was fantastic as we were there in March and it was freezing.  The breakfast was more than adequate for the price we paid.  We had to ask for extra coffee and milk and we were given these with a smile.  We will definitely stay here in future when we visit London.  It is such a brilliant location as you can walk through Hyde Park to Oxford Street or if you go in the other direction Notting Hill",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or920-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and clean,"I was visiting this hotel many times. Friendly staff and very helpful.Great breakfast , everything fresh and served very clean.Rooms clean and nice. . For sure one of my favourites hotels .Will be back for sure .",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or920-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cold water and busy breakfast plus unserios management,"Been around travelling to a lot of places in the world and this place was okay. I was there with my family in november 2012.   However we only had cold water in the shower all mornings and we also got a room with a really bad view, basement level. When i politely asked the staff about the water they first asked me ""if maybe you could shower before seven or after ten in the mornings it should be fine"". And then I asked for compensation and nothing happened. The manager seemed to avoid me although my contact with them was polite but not too polite. The manager repeatedly said he was gonna look into the issue and return to me but never did. Also when we checked out he promised me to get back to my mail about compensation or discount but I haven't heard a word.   I've worked with…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or920-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, & did the job","I stayed for 1 night on business and have no reason to complain.  The location is superb and within two minutes walk of Queensway tube station.  Bayswater is 4 minutes walk, where you can eat some of the best Chinese food in London.  I paid a ridiculously cheap price for a central London location and by no means did the room or breakfast reflect this price.  Everything was adequate.  Don’t expect champagne for beer money here.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or925-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We had a triple room which was small and very noisy as there seemed to be a boiler/generator that started up about 7pm until 11pm which made the bed wall vibrate. There was a 2 inch gap under the door and the staff could be heard on an evening as we were located right by the stairs leading to the basement. We had no hot water in a morning for the whole of our stay, water only hot on an evening. The female receptionists were very unprofessional and made snide comments when you walked away from reception, after we informed them about having no hot water. Breakfast very poor and no where to sit, the hotel couldn't cope with the number of guests neither could the water boiler. The only good thing was the location.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or925-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No Regrets,"My daughter wanted to visit London for a quick trip, so we obviously needed a place to stay. We're not rich so I obviously was watching the cost but I didn't want to spend a ton of money. I'm not familiar with London so it was hit or miss. I did lots of searching and read lots of reviews. Some of the reviews for the Queens Park were scary, but most of the recent ones were good so I bit the bullet. We arrived about an hour an a half BEFORE check in time and simply asked if we could leave our bag there while we went exploring. Not a problem...actually, they let us check in early! Fantastic! We got to our room after taking the tiny elevator that everyone has talked about and were very happy to see our room. It was clean (although the walls had some scuff marks) and tidy. Small, but…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or925-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Experience very Good location,I have stayed with my wife for weekend and it was really very good and comfortable stay rooms are very nice and clean and very helpful staff  Hotel is close to two underground station and just two mints walking distance from Hyde park,Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or925-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Just stayed 9 nights at his hotel in late March, 2013 and had a marvelus time.  Yes, it's a budget hotel but the staff were fantastic.  We had a quaint but cozy room.  The heat worked great. The bathroom looked like it had recently been remodeled.  The shower was small but got the job done.  The staff that cleaned the rooms were wonderful.  The elevators are very small but efficient.  The best thing about this place is the location.  Easy walking distance to tube and bus stations, along with great restaurants.  I will stay here again on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or925-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't listen to all the moaners!,"Well I was having kittens before we went to London since I read all the reviews after I booked the hotel!  My fears were unfounded.  Staff were all helpful and friendly.  The room, whilst compact and bijou, was very clean and modern - in fact I am sure it was very recently decorated.  The bathroom was fairly big and ver nice.  The breakfast was adequate but began to get a bit boring by the 3rd morning.  The surroununding area was quite vibrant at night with plenty of good restaurants and bars which was handy and saved us eating in the centre of town and then get the tube home.  We got a very good room rate since we booked  3 months in advance.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or930-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, bad hotel!","We stayed at the queens park hotel and it was quite bad! We were housed in what seemed like the staff quarters away from the actual main block of the hotel. The carpets up the hallway were filthy and it created a really bad hotel atmosphere!  The breakfast was really dissapointing! They did not serve any bacon. Limited variety.  The location was great, a 2 minute walk from hyde park and easy access to the main sights of london.  People on the reception desk were not helpful at all and did not have any complaint forms handy when we asked for one.   I will not be returning.  ",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or930-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"The hotel is in a lovely area, across the street from Kensington Park.  It is 2 1/2 blocks from the Queensway stop or you are able to walk to the Bayswater stop on the tubes.  There are grocery stores, restaurants down the road that the tube stations are at.  The room, for 3 of us, was very small.  But since we were out most of the day this was not an issue.  The room was clean, had a TV, bathroom, tea set up.  The staff was always very helpful with what ever I needed.  The breakfast was plentiful.  I would not recommend a room on one of the top floors unless you do not mind stairs.  The lift is really small.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or930-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for your money,"This hotel resides in the nice area of Bayswater. We stayed in late March and the weather was really chilly. We had a twin room which was really compact. But you don't really stay at the hotel during days ...only sleeping. The room was tidy and had safebox included which is always a big plus.Staff was friendly and helped us when the safe was initially locked and not in welcome state. Our room was below ground and had a window to freshen it a bit. Bathroom was newly refurbished and very tidy and quite spacious compared to the room. There was good TV in the room too. The breakfast included had enough for one to keep you going til nite, although I would not eat the heated tin-mushrooms, sausages beans, canned tomatoes. You do best with toast, coffee and scrambled eggs. Queensway…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or930-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay in London,Two things:  - we had to pay one pound by each luggage and not in November 2012! - it wasn't possible to have hot chocolate and in November 2012 it was possible! - the room was very clean and spacious.       ,Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or930-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Central Hotel,"Just returned from a three night stay in London at The Queen`s Hotel (15/18th March2013).  It was clean, comfortable and fit for purpose. Our room was not huge but it was clean as was the bathroom -  how much time does one spend in one`s room? We asked for a quiet room and that`s what we got, asked for extra pillows and they appeared. Staff were friendly and helpful.  The breakfast was more than adequate with a good choice of either English or continental.  It`s a bit crowded at about 9.00 a.m but so is every other hotel at that time with people wanting to get out.  It can be a bit of a maze getting to your room but it is converted from about 5 old houses as are many other hotels in London in this price beracket.  The two lifts are tiny - 4 people (minus luggage) in the larger…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or935-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",budget hotel,"stayed 3 nights (24,25,26 jan) in this hotel whilst we were in London for a short break. Got a good deal in comparison to other hotels that includes breakfast. Rooms were cubicle size and not much space around. Choices for breakfast was good, however cleanliness was poor in the restaurant.the lift was terrible.overall this is a budget hotel, its better to spend bit more and look another with improved facilities.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or935-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good value hotel, central to London.","Stayed here for 3 nights on a visit to London with my father . The hotel is clean and centrally located, rooms are cleaned and towels changed daily. A few minutes walk from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations so you're only 20 mins journey away from anywhere in central London. An ideal place to stay in London if on a budget.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or935-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms are poor,"The hotel is nice but the rooms are freezing and there are no blankets in the wardrobe. The employee's from the brealfast room are really rough and not very helpful. the lifts are very narrow and it is clean but it could be better. Rest is ok, it is sorrounded by plenty of local bars, restaurants, and it is very quiet.",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or935-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and cheerfull,"we booked through superbreaks, arrived at hotel and its clean, professional and modern looking. eventually got to the room which was a bit of a muddle to get to but was fine, the floors are all over the place at different levels after being refurbished over many houses etc. the corridors are very narrow. the rooms are small but perfectly usable if there for a long weekend. had a brand new kitchen unit diner unit fitted but not wired up etc so was a wee shame but we ate out anyway. we did ask at the reception for pillows but they failed to deliver on such a simple task or tell us a reason for no pillows. the only thing i could really say is get up on time for breakfast or very late for it as we found it was full of student travellers who went about in big groups so things were…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or935-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Having got to London, we arrived at our hotel only to find that the room was DISGUSTING...so we swiftly left and rebooked here...on arrival it was AMAZING!! The reception area is swish and professional and the staff were quick to help to do all they could I check us in quickly. We were quoted £55 b&b which is a good deal considering we were just off the street!  We went to our room and were amazed...ok the room is a little on the small side...but it's cheap and it's in London...what do you expect!! The bed was the comfiest I've slept in for time!! We did have some channels missing on the tv, but we retuned it and they came back. After checking in we called housekeeping for some extra pillows which were brought up quickly.   In the morning we went down to breakfast expecting a…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or940-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Family Trip,Had a fewdays  at Queens park hotel London with family . Our room not ready when we got there late afternoon .roomvery small wardrobe was small not made for 2persons . One good thing it was clean .no hot water and getting to room a fire risk very small walkways,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or940-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Great Hotel","The Queens Park Hotel has a great location- just a block away from shops and restaurants on Queensway Rd and a block up from Bayswater Rd and also quite close to the underground station. The concierge staff was very helpful and went out of their way to make our stay wonderful. The rooms are a bit on the small side, but that's about the same at most hotels in London.  The breakfast was much better than we expected. Absolutely no complaints at all and we'll stay there again on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or940-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our stay!,"Stayed at this hotel for two nights on a 'Superbreaks' package. Yes the room was basic and the walls could have done with a lick of paint but apart from that I couldn't really fault the place. It was clean, the breakfast was adequate and It's in an excellent location, within a short distance of two tube stations. If you're looking for luxury then don't stay here but if you need a base for exploring London and need a bed for the night then this place is just fine. ",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or940-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What do some people want,"Stayed here for 2 nights with my husband and grandson on a ""superbreak"", was a little worried due to previous reviews. All was fine the reception staff couldnt have been more helpful, everything we asked they answered politely, courteously, and with lovely smiles. The triplle/family room was plenty big enough, clean and modern. The breakfast was also good. Ok the lifts were small but you get youself and cases in the smallest so I really do need to know What do people want? Do the complaining people sit in there rooms all day?. P.S. we paid for wifi because we were told we could get it in the room. We couldnt, but after a phone call to reception we were refunded our £10 all good and thanks for a great stay.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or940-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",If location is your priority you may think this hotel is ok,"Stayed one night which was more than enough. Check in fast, lift very small to second floor room at back of building by fire escape. Crack in double glazed window, curtain hem held up with a pin.  Room very small, bed base did not fit together and moved like a rocking chair,also far too small for my partner who is over 6ft. Room decor very scruffy, bedding clean but very hard and made you itch, ensuite very small again a struggle for a tall person. Breakfast ok, avoid the sausages, yoghurt and toast ok. Good location very close to Hyde park but as a weekend treat in the capital definately a no go. I would rather pay the extra.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or945-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't understand the negativity!,"Stayed over for my partners birthday and was a little worried about the negative reviews. Check in was smooth, lifts shall we say a little on the small side...rooms a little small but very modern. In a great location, about a 20 min walk from Oxford street. Breakfast buffet is suprisingly good...good choice off English and continental buffet. Overall I would recommend this hotel and we are planning on returning to this hotel In the near future. Every member of staff we encountered was very friendly. ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or945-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",STOP MOANING!,"me and my boyfriend are currently staying here for 4nights (over my bday and valentines) it was a great deal and even reading these reviews we still booked it...we found the hotel easy, checked in fast (reception are friendly and nice, nothing rude/ignorant about them at all!) got to our room to find no faults at all! there is soooo much space (dont know why youd come to london to stay in a room so dont see why size matters), theres a huge comfy bed, big tv, big wardrobe and the bathroom is beautiful (best shower iv ever had!) theres a kettle with mugs and a choice of tea and coffee with sugar and milk... seriously cant understand these dreadful reviews, its a few mins from both overground and underground and the next street along has so many restaurants and shops (tescos…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or945-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",never again!,"Arrived first room was on the top floor not very good  much to high for me  so ask to be change to lower floor went to next room never seen anythink like it so small and very hot couldnt turn heating down no tv remote so told the reception which was  not very helpfull at all ,so ask to be moved again 3rd time lucky!! room was small no chairs to relax on as for the bathroom so small was sat on toilet with sink against my knees couldnt move in there at all,  breakfast was not good at all  staff came across as not very helpfull , no bar, no food in evening never again!!",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or945-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal,"We spent 3 days in this hotel From feb 2 to 5, good location . Our room was 220n a bit small but clean and all brand new furniture! Breakfast is a bit Poor but for the price we paid is ok, i had only one problem last nite, the heater kept makin so much NOISE !!! But the receptionist gave us a room just for spleepin",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or945-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I booked this hotel as part of a ""super break"" deal with a theatre show for my wife's Christmas. After booking I was dreading it due to the reviews about this place.  Well on arrival we were pleasantly surprised. Found our way to our room easy and then slowly opened the door to see what awaited us. Everything was fine. Clean room with a very nice bathroom and plenty of space for our 2 nights. Breakfast was good and had a decent selection.  The place was not ""perfect"" but it is all you need for what we were in London for (shopping and theatre shows). I don't fly all the way down from Scotland to sit and moan about a hotel room I won't be in apart from when I'm sleeping. The place was absolutely fine for what it's for. If you plan on going to London and spending your trip there…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or950-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",poor rooms,"The staff was very friendly and the service was good. The lobby and overall ground floor of the hotel was fine. Also, breakfast was good. However, the rooms were too small, warm and noisy and overall disappointing.       ",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or950-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"If you would like to sleep at night forget about this hotel. I have been kept awake by banging doors and the terrible, loud noises coming from the heating. I had to call the reception at 2 a. m. and ask them to do something since my heater seemed to explode for all the noise it was making. They solved my problem BUT since the walls are paper thin I could hear the same noises coming from the other rooms.  Absolutely avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or950-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",First and last time!,"My wife and I stayed here for 6 Nights. Never again. Very small room for 2 persons. Only Place to sit was in the bed. TV high up on the wall gave pain in your neck when watching. We had to put the suitcases under the bed in order to have Space on the floor. We did not feel welcome. Very noisy breakfast room. The staff there did a brilliant job to keep it running. Unfriendly person in the reception. Bayswater is a great location, but forget the hotel!",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or950-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and with a bad management,"I've been in this hotel this week, the second day somebody stolen 400£ by my handbag that was in the room. When i reported this to the manager he didin't  help me, he didin't call the police and he didn't start a proper investigation. I had to go to the police station to report the rubbery, a police man came to collepte evidences but they had cleaned the room and he couldn't take the digit prints in the room, he said that probably a member of the staff stole the money and he talked wirh the guy in charge in that moment, who haven't been helpful with him! The day after i spoke to the manager and i ask for a refound, but he blamed me because i left my money in the bag...it is simply unaccettable. He, and mostley of his staff had been really rude with me, he called me lier. Ps…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or950-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel with No Hot Water,"Do not stay in this hotel, we had two rooms both with no hot water, very noisy door banging constantly, , bathrooms smelt of drains.   When complained about the hot water staff initially told us to run the tap for 20 minutes, after 20 minutes of running the tap we complained again this time the guy told us that he had checked the boiler and hot water would be through in a few minutes, after a few minutes complained again and was told that the boiler had been relit, asked if we could have an alternative room to wash a shower in  they told us they would phone us in our room, after 30 minutes we gave up and checked out.  Bed moved across laminate floor, and only one pillow.  The staff were very aloof and blasé about the whole thing not interested in delivering any customer service,…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or955-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel!,"We have visited London in January 2013, and stayed in this hotel for six nights. Everything was absolutely awful.  Room: Too small for even one person, had tiny little window just below the ceiling  and overall looks more like a tomb not a room in the hotel. Well at least now I can imagine what Anna Boleyn was feeling right before the execution. Bathroom: has no ventilation whatsoever, so after two people had shower, bathroom looked like a Turkish hamam for very long hours. But most noticeable thing about this room is the bed, especially matrase. If you have troubled back this bed will be your night mare for the period of stay. You will feel every spring of the matrase during your night rest. Whoever put this matrase in this hotel's bed should be executed same way as Thomas…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or955-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Very small room but would go back","my husband and I stayed here for the weekend in August 2012. It was a great location for the places we wanted to visit and there were plenty of shops nearby for our needs. The lift in the hotel was quite small and the room was basic with just a double bed squashed up against a wall and a small wardrobe. There was a cramped bathroom with a shower and toilet but it served its purpose. The breakfast was quite good, cold meats, bread, cereal, juice,teas and coffees. There was a cooked breakfast, but not what you usually get on a full english. Overall for the price we paid this was a good hotel to stay in. It was clean and ideally situated and we would definitely go back.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or955-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Give it a chance!,"Please dont be put off by some of the snobby reviews on here, I could find faults if i wanted but igot much more than i paid for. If you need a good base camp for a shopping/theatre break like we did the Queens Park Hotel is perfect location with staff as friendly as you will find in London and a suprisingly good Continental\English breakfast. Rooms are a little small but so what? Some people on here just love to whinge and whine about anything so please bear that in mind when reading the reviews. My Wife is a fussy so and so and she was well pleased as was I, Thank You Queens Park we will definitely be back ASAP.... Mark S.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or955-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable accomodation,"The hotel has obviously been recently redecorated; this was not done to a very high standard. The room however was adequate and the bed very comfortable.  Wifi did not work in my room therefore I had to come to the foyer/ business centre to do anything related which was inconvenient. Access to the room was difficult with very small lifts, corridors and unavoidable stairs. The location was excellent, within walking distance to attractions and transport. Breakfast was excellent and staff very helpful and courteous.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or955-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,It was a good place considering the prices you get to pay in London. People working there are great and I strongly recommend the hotel. The rooms are small but clean and the breakfast served is very complete!       ,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or960-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Spot on!,"There are some pretty bad reviews of this place but 4 of us stayed here over the new year and found it perfectly acceptable. Ok, we had a small bathroom but it was functional and very clean. The room itself was cleaned daily and towels replenished. Yeah breakfast is a bit chaotic but again, food absolutely fine. Some people on here must have had waaaaay too high expectations, its not the hilton, you have to pay hilton prices!!! Perfectly nice hotel so dont be swayed away from this place, great location and helpful friendly staff :)) ",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or960-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, very small, adequate and basic!.",Rooms are small but you're not going to change that so what's the point harping on about it. As everyone else has said if u r on a budget it is great. You r going to visit London not the hotel room.  Location is perfect with tube station just a short walk away and plenty of amenities. Still charging for Wifi in this day and age is abit much!!! The window catches in rm 316 had both been broken off and we were unable to shut the window to block out the noise from the street! Also the draft. Would we stay again probably not!.,Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or960-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking,"arrived on sun day 16 december to visit our daughter who lives in london, got a 2 bed room on the ground floor and a window facing the street which couldnt be opened ! only one bed lamp worked, lamp over sink in bathroom didnt work, shower fittings fastened to wall were. hanging loose, no remote for the TV, door handle hanging loose, no telephone, 2 beds on wheels that moved with the slightest touch, all in all shocking, complained about the room and was told the maintenance man would fix it on monday, and i could get out of bed to change channels on the tv !!!!!!,  okay this is sunday evening so have patience  On monday the bulb was changed on the bed lamp, the lamp shade never appeared, a kind young man gave me a remote for the tv in the evening , nothing else was done even…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or960-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there,"On the plus side it was a good location, close to tube, Hyde Park ... end of story.  The rooms were tiny and we had to climb over each other to get to the bathroom as there was no room to move around the bed.  We also had a lovely view of a brick wall so was very claustrophobic as well as cramped.  The bathroom was minute, don't go there if you are overweight!  (which we are not) ....  We hardly got any sleep with the racket going on all night with doors banging and people coming and going.  Breakfast was a fiasco and was difficult to find a clean table to sit down.  Took ages to get food and selection was less than average.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or960-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable stay,"Booked a single room for one night but was actually given a family room with two double beds. Was told was in basement so immediately was on high alert. Used lift, was small as per other reviews but perfectably usable. Decor in lower corridor bit worn and could do with refreshing but had no complaints with room itself. Was very clean and looked like recently decorated. Good-size, modern, clean en-suite with toiletries provided. Room was warm enough and although in basement no problems with security as bars on windows. Maybe you would feel exposed in summer with curtains open, but at night in winter with curtains drawn was no problem. Only criticism I would have of room was that I could only find two power sockets in room, located over dressing table unit so one of sockets was…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or965-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, everything else average at best","Stayed here with my Mum in November 2012.  First of all, the price we got was excellent and as such, I was aware we weren't getting a 5* hotel. The location is excellent. It's just a couple of minutes around the corner to the tube station (Queensway) and I believe there are another 2 within walking distance as well. We got a taxi to and from Heathrow Airport which was about 40 mins each way at £77 return for 4 people.  We arrived a little earlier than check-in time however both rooms were ready so we got in straight away. The receptionist wasn't as you would expect from a hotel (a bit bored and unenthusiastic looking).  Rooms were small but you're only sleeping there. En-suites tiny as well but just about manageable.  No hot water if you're thinking about having a shower betwen…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or965-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible place to stay on so many levels,"We wanted to stay in a hotel as close to the heart of London as we could. We stayed at Queens Park Hotel for 4 nights.  We arrived around 4:30 pm, as we were greeted or should I say looked at by who I think was the concierge. The hotel lobby looks fresh and inviting, to the left of the main doors is the freshly fitted out dining area.  I will not say restaurant as there is not one, food is by prior arrangement only. The hotel offers no laundry facilities so make sure you bring enough clothes to last, washing them in the shower is no option as there is not enough room to attempt to dry them. We got our one room key, as the hotel was running low on room keys. We were in room 18 which was on the 3rd floor. We were given instructions out of the lift but there was so much to…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or965-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice hotel","We visited London to see the sights and drink the ales; stayed for a week. The hotel is very close to Hyde Park, tubes and stores. Very convenient. The Full English Breakfast was great. Room was recently remodeled. I'd stay there again! Elevators are small, but not a problem. We used the stairs most of the time.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or965-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location & hotel not bad,"I was in a newly renovated room (still smell of paint) but still it was quite nice. It looks like they have combined 2 hotels into 1 as the corridors were a bit all over the place. The hotel is on a quiet street but it is nice to go around for a walk.  There a few good pubs about as well.  All in all it was comfratable, staff were very helpful. I think my internet went down and they changed my room.  The full english breakfast gave me a good start to the day.  One of the lifts is very small so if you do not like confined spaces do not use it.  But there are more than one...",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or965-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Yuk,"I think judging by the reviews, there are two different types of rooms at this hotel. The ones that have had a refurb and those that haven’t. Irrespective of which room you stayed in the hotel was dated, moldy, smelly, with rude staff and in a bad location.  I arrived at the hotel at about 11:45pm after a day travelling, there were more bin bags outside the hotel than I could count and the street was just dirty, not main stream dirty, but urine along the road, broken bin bags, bits of pushbikes, something I wouldn’t expect in a tip…  Despite my quick check in, I was advised I wasn’t allowed an iron for health and safety reasons but to collect one in the morning when this would not be a problem. I went up to my room in a lift which pre-dated electricity and made my way through…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or970-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,Location is great and the hotel is clean. The room is ok and the bathroom aslo. This only thing was iIt was cold in the room but there were two good heatings. Il it really near to the metro so very easy to go everywhere in London.,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or970-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a weekend in London,"Despite what I read about about London hotels, this was very clean and comfortable. Position is perfect to visit London with underground, bus or to walk in Notting Hill and Hide Park.  Breakfast was not so different, but it's enough to eat something to start a long visit day around the city",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or970-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","OK, or more than OK","Queens Park Hotel was an undisputable choice for us, lifelong supporters of football club Queen´s Park Rangers. Had I read the reviews, I would have chosen differently. But this time I´m glad I didn´t. Queens Park Hotel was OK - or more than OK, considering the price which was clearly below the general level. Our room was on a ground floor (105) and it was spacious, nicely renovated and clean enough. The breakfast was almost luxurious. Satellite TV worked (no remote control). Wifi was slow (£10 for 24 hours). If you order a taxi from reception, you´ll get a Mercedes (charge is about the same, so enjoy). Only mishap; reception nearly lost our football tickets which were delivered there earlier.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or970-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel good location,"Heard the stories about the through tripadvisor and was very apprehensive before staying. Stayed for 2 nights during this month 14th ans 15th of Oct. Room was very small and hotel was very clumsy..  although they gave us a room which was newly renovated so was okay with the cleaniness,,,Other than the location cant rate anything. Not so good if you have choice go to others ....",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or970-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean hotel, good value for money, centrally located","After booking the hotel we saw at ""tripadvisor"" that bed-bugs have been seen several times in this hotel. We contacted the hotel via e-mail and received an answer which we found acceptable: Yes, bed bugs had been carried in by guests and these bugs had then been professionally removed. The answer was long, detailed, to the point and appeared trustworthy. And indeed, we came to the hotel and made entirely positive experiences. Small (but comparatively cheap) room, nice lobby, friendly personnel.  For our next London trip we will come there again.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or975-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice price/quality rate,"I was able to see two different double rooms. The room in which my wife and I stayed was really small, and the second was a bit bigger (also corridors were narrow and there was no much free space in the breakfast zone in the morning ""rush hour""). But we went to London in order to do enjoy sightseeings, thus the size of the room was not very important. I am really safisfied with the room quality and I would like to mention a few facts: 1) it was clean in the bathroom, cleaning was performed regularly (every day) as well as towel change; 2) breakfast was rich and tasty; 3) the hotel is situated very close to Queensway Undeground station (central line) - it was very convenient for us to go around the city from the hotel. During our stay we mentioned that the walls were really thin…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or975-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",value for money hotel,We stayed here from the 1st October for four nights. Shared a twin room which was comfortable and clean but very small  and no bed visitors as reported earlier. The room was newly decorated but the cracked window needs replacing in room 206. The breakfast buffet was plentyful and not bad for the money. Sometimes people expect Buckingham Palace. We got value for the money we paid.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or975-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but more like a hostel than hotel,"Stayed here as we decided to extend our stay in London after we had already booked another hotel. It seemed like a better option as it was cheaper than an extra night in the first hotel . Big mistake. Coming from a stay in a lovely hotel in the next street to something thats more like a hostel than a hotel. On the website we decided to pick some of the newer rooms. Clean average room but no air conditioning and uncomfortable bed made for a terrible nites sleep. Our room was on the third floor i think. Was a choice of going in the tiny lifts or finding our way up and down a very confusing set of stairs like a maze. Breakfast the next morning was in the hotel lobby it reminded me of a canteen more than a supposed ""hotel"" dining area. Breakfast looked disgusting and tasted the…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or975-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel. Great Location.,"I had read some horror stories about the Queens Park hotel on Tripadvisor before I stayed there. So I am happy to say that I did not have bed bugs and that my hotel room was quite clean. I can also say that the location near Hyde Park and two tube stations (Bayswater and Queensway), and lots of restaurants was excellent. But having said that, this is not a great hotel. The room whilst clean, and with ensuite bathroom was very small. The aisles were all  narrow and a real rabbits warren. I took a couple of wrong turns before I eventually found my room. The lift only had room for two people, and there were times when I walked downstairs because the lift was full. The lift would be pretty bad if you had a lot of luggage. Breakfast was included, and I cannot complain about the…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or975-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I thought it was great.,Room was small but clean and comfortable.  Lots of hot water.  Nice bathroom.  Location was great.  2 blocks from the tube.  Price included a full breakfast Buffett.  Good deal for the price.  I would go back.,Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or980-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very well placed hotel.,"A very average hotel ,well worn and not particularly clean.MY room was next to the kitchen were loud music was played before 6 in the morning not very restful.The breakfast selection was not very inspiring .But all in all very reasonable value for money.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or980-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Impressed,"Hi,i stayed in the hotel on tuesday sept. 25th in room 515, i booked a single and was pleased because i had a double bed, the room was small but it was immaculate , i had read the horror stories on this site so i checked every inch of my room,it was bright,clean and the bathroom was beautiful and clean and modern .I booked my room through easy click hotels.com and only paid £48 pounds.I would recommend  this hotel to anybody and certainly will be revisiting myself.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or980-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Nothing special but not as bad as all the reviews say.,"Only stayed here for one night but have no complaints. Looks like they have extended and got new rooms, we was in one of these new rooms which were quite small but very very clean. Yes the lifts are small but why be so petty to complain about that and let it ruin your trip?! Plenty to choose from the breakfast buffet and great location",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or980-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let them bait and switch you to sister hotel,"This place has a great location but they attempted with us (and succeeded with others) to switch us to their sister hotel The Bayswater Inn which is a DUMP!  Filthy carpet, tattered furniture in lobby, bathrooms so moldy I wouldn't shower in them.  They said they were overbooked. If you stay here it's not bad but there are plenty of other hotels in this area.  After we returned from Bayswater because we refused to stay there after paying for Queens Park (booked on Agoda.com), there was no apology or problem with them to find us a room in this hotel.  I think the bait and switch is normal procedure for them.  As I waited for them to get our room we saw them try to send others.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or980-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for 1 night in London,"Stayed for one night. Photos are site are given a different perspective. First impressions on walking in reception were ok. However our room was on basement floor, large enough double room, but tired decor, carpet dirty and several stains. But otherwise clean sheets and bathroom etc. did smell of cigarette smoke, so complained and asked if there was a change of room. Eventually after reception staff debated this, we were given a room on 3rd floor & checked it out! It was a single room with a double bed squeezed into it! This is not what I would have expected. So needless to say we decided to stay in our original room. Took action to stop odour coming in from outside. Staff and clients stand out front smoking!  Room had tea & coffee making facilities, but don't get thirsty as tea…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or985-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely staff, but whatch out for bed bugs!!","had a lovely stay in the hotel, very friendly and accomodating staff and lovely breakfast. However, i had a triple room (116) and fortunatly my 4 yr old decided to sleep in the big bed with her dad, i slept in the single bed.  After the second night i noticed that i had bright red bite marks on my arms, chest, legs and back!  these where much worse by the time we were due to check out after our third night, i spoke with the duty manager who offered to give us 10% back from the cost of the room, and said that he would call in environmental health (i dont think that he will have).  Im only thankful that my daughter didnt sleep in the bed otherwise it would have been her covered in these things that are so itchy!! the bedding was changed everyday so i can only think it was the…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or985-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"The rooms are small, not very clean and not in great condition.  Breakfast was very poor, both the service and the quality of the food.  The location is good with easy access to Queensway and Hyde Park and very close to the tube.  I think this Hotel needs some TLC or a reduction in its room rates to better reflect the current standard.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or985-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for a bed and breakfast,"I booked this hotel for a two night, midweek break for myself, my wife and our 7 year old son.  I hadn't read any reviews prior to booking but then after booking read a number of horror stories about filthy rooms, bed bugs and appalling service. As a result I contacted the hotel and pleaded for a refund. I received a prompt email reply and was assured by the hotel manager that our stay would be enjoyable, comfortable and bed bug free!  LOCATION: The hotel is within walking distance of 2 underground stations and is literally opposite the excellent Hyde park.  STAFF: The staff were attentive and pleasant. My wife asked for an iron and extra milk cartons and we were given them immediately without fuss.   ROOMS: We had a triple room on the first floor and although it wasn't massive…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or985-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid this ""Hotel""","Some of the staff at the front desk is rude, aggressive and totally unprofessional. Although it was pre authorized the amount corresponding to the first night we were not allowed to access the room, only after full payment of 5 nights. Only after I arrived in the room I realized why. Hardly room size allows access to 2 people and 2 bags, window does not open and inside the room was 32-34 degrees. After 3 hours of talk, full of boldness from the receptionist, at 24:00 hours, the room was changed with one room equipped with AC system, in basement, without window. The toilet washing system and phone were defective and have not been repaired throughout the stay, although I informed several times the front desk staff, including the hotel manager. Also safe locker was closed and could…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or985-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",value for money or was I just lucky,"OK,  the bedroom was tiny ! but it was clean and comfortable and that's  all I wanted for the week-end The bathroom again was  small but  immaculate and everything worked which is sometimes not the case   The food at breakfast time was adequate and plentiful and ALL the staff were cheerful and helpful, so what more do you want Unfortunately outside my door was a fire door which banged shut when used but fortunately there were no late night parties on that floor that week-end",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or990-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Wow, some people...","I booked this hotel because of it's excellent location and price. I had read other people's so called 'horror' stories and went into this hotel fearing for the worst...  But what confronted me was exactly the opposite to what everyone else was saying. Admittedly I had to leave before breakfast so I could not comment on that; but everything else?  The room was clean (no bugs whatsoever) good, modern facilities (though an extra power socket for the wall would not go a miss)  the staff were attentive AND friendly, and the Taxi's were to the absolute second on time and with polite drivers...  (So they don't have a Taxi sign on the car roof? Honestly, talk about nitpicking, the set fee for locations was very reasonable and due to London traffic it was nice to be able to sit back and…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or990-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but nothing else at all,"Very small rooms, not very clean, still cannot forget the  huge centipede in the bathroom. Breakfast was very poor and room was incredibly small. Too expensive for this kind of unclean & small room. The only good thing about the hotel is the location, you are few minutes away from Hyde Park and 5 minutes to 2 tube stations.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or990-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if possible,"The reception is deceiving as it has marble floor and is rather nice, the rest of the hotel is completely different. We arrived and has booked a triple room, we weren't told at the time that a triple has a double bed and a single. One person ended up getting a room in another hotel. The corridors have floorboard that have holes in them so walking is a bit treacherous and rather wobbly. The corridor to our room has clearly been done up as the carpet looked new. The rooms were ok, a bit cramped and very hot. There was some sort of air con unit but it was pumping out warm air and there weren't any instructions. The up side was that the beds were very comfortable. the service was poor. Concierge just stood there chatting to his friend whilst we struggled with bags, he didn't offer…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or990-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!,"Do not stay at this hotel they are an absloute farce!   We arrived on a particularly hot day day where the heat outside was unbearable and as we arrived we were checked in and i paid the rate for my room upfront in cash, big mistake! When we got to our room there was no air conditioning and a dingy brown wool blanket on the bed this i could have coped with but the heat i could not and certainly my 6 month old baby with me would not be able to stay in a room with the heat like it was, the heat was so intense that had we have stayed i have no doubt my baby have had to have been hospitalised.   When i went back to reception to tell them this i was told they would be able to get me a room with air conditioning but it was not big enough to fit the babys cot in. The only solution they…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or990-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A dump!!! Avoid at all costs!!!!,"My wife and i stayed in this hotel a month ago, while we were attending a concert in Hyde Park. The location is good if your visiting Hyde Park. When we checked in, we found the recepition staff to be quite friendly and helpful. Well....erm....thats the positives out the way! We were given a room in the basement, and when we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that there was a window...in a basment room...looking in to what i assume was a storage cupboard! But, we were going to the concert shortly so we didnt really care. Then other little things were noticed, like a huge damp patch on a wall where the shower was clearly leaking through, a screw missing out the toilet seat so if you sat down you were always at an angle, and regardless of what you did to the aircon, the…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or995-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the bed bugs bite!,"We are covered in Bed Bug Bites, do not stay here! Rooms were very small, breakfast was okay, location was good for Hyde Park.  Very over priced at £110 a night. The maid kept banging on our door every 15 minutes, despite check-out being 12pm, we had to leave at 10.30am because we were being hassled by the cleaner.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or995-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic,"My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for its convinient location to Hyde Park. It is a lovely hotel, from outside, and reception. Upon entering ""the Coffin"" (Lift) it all goes downhill from there. The room was very small, and I was scared to check furnishings incase of any unwanted guests.  The sink in the bathroom leaked, and as the plug was stuck, there was no where for the water to go, so we woke up to a flooded bathroom.  Breakfast was satisfactory. I am absolutely COVERED in bed bug bites, and I am 99% sure it was from the very old bedding; so now I am constantly reminded of this unfornuate stay.  We paid £110 which I think is extremely over priced for the standards of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or995-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for here,"We got this hotel quite cheap at last minute so didn't expect much, it was okay but I wouldn't have liked to stay for more than one night. The staff on reception were very nice and extremely helpful, but the lifts were tiny and the rooms were quite small if you were to stay for more than 3/4 days.   The breakfast was not great, ended up getting a mcdonalds breakfast but if you like toast and stale scrambled eggs then it would be brilliant for you.  We had a room near the staircase and the walls were very thin we could hear people's conversations coming up the stairs. Overall it wasn't bad but I'd definitely book in advance and get a better hotel next time.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or995-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience!,"I stayed here for one night during the Olympics and it was very disappointing, especially after paying £140 for one night! The rooms are very small, out dated and not clean. The window would not open and the room was very hot! The management proved to be extremely un helpful, in particular when trying to communicate our requests for a working fridge in our room which was agreed with the manager one month prior to our stay. The only plus side to this hotel is the location but you can find much better value for money nearby.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or995-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Can be convenient,"My room was at the basement floor. To reach my room I had to use a coffin-size lift (no exaggeration - my small suitcase, a laptop bag and I barely fit in) and a maze  of narrow corridors with occasional step or two. Interesting :) And tedious if you have a lot of luggage. The room was very very small. The only window was facing a concrete wall few meters in front. The bathroom is also small, however functional. Except for the size of it, the room looked ok, no charms, but decent. The furniture seemed relatively new. So everything was ok until I went to bed to discover a military-style warn out blanket that I am supposed to use. Yuck. Breakfast was ok. I was staying in this hotel on a business trip for which I had quite limited budget. And the trip was to London, during the…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1000-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly reasonable,"Vey clean rooms although small. Tea & coffee good. Toiletries poor. Good shower. Broken toilet seat. Rooms were hot, but whole of London was 30 degrees & window would open to let in breeze. Tad noisy outside, but wanted hotel in middle of London so that's standard. Breakfast for a buffet was grand. Cold, hot, fruit, yoghurt etc. no complaints there. Staff v v friendly. Quite expensive as prices hiked for Olympics, but cheaper than most! ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1000-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs !,Great location for sightseeing.  Our Olympic trip was ruined by Bed Bugs !! Only stay here if you don't mind being bitten by Bed Bugs !! I guess that is why the price was so cheap. I just wish I would have checked reviews before booking the room.   TV only showed Bbc 1 and yesterday. Room was also very hot. Breakfast area where the food is served is very cramped and too small.     Lift is so tiny it could only fit two people. Noisy neighbours and creeky floors.,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1000-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful Profiteering,"Like some other reviewers, we booked a stay at this awful hotel at a time when availability in London for the Olympics was supposed to be scarce, and we were happy just to have somewhere central, even at £200 (unbelievable but true) per room per night (we booked 3 rooms - more fool us). The best thing to be said is that the guy on reception was polite and helpful, but that aside this place left us feeling cheated. Let's start with some basic health and safety issues: no fire/evacuation instructions displayed in our daughters' room (103); loose stair treads and carpet; a light switch literally hanging off the wall outside our room (304). Then there's the issue of cleanliness: filthy carpets away from reception, dirty fixtures and fittings. Then the beds: in 304 I felt every…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1000-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Complete Rip Off,"Appalling value for money - room was small and tatty. Bed linen was old and uncomfortable, no extractor or air conditioning so room was sweltering. Very uncomfortable nights' sleep, would definitely NOT RECOMMEND.",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1000-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It was fine...,"Stayed in hotel in early July 2012 for one night. Had room 222. It was fine. There does seem to be some new rooms and I guess some old ones (hence the poor reviews perhaps). All I can say from my point of view was that the staff were helpful and the room was clean and recently refurbished. If I had to really nit-pick,there was no bacon at breakfast!",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1005-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I have ever had the misfortune of staying at!,"Ok, so I was in a difficult position having to ensure a booking a year in advance for a three night stay to watch a couple of Olympic events. How was I to know that when the time came, there would be plenty of availability across the capital. Anyhow, that's the reason I booked a hotel I knew wouldn't be anything special but nothing could prepare me for this hellhole. Two coffin-like lifts. Rooms with not even enough room to walk around the bed. Scorching hot rooms with no air-con (not expected anyway), but no ability to open the windows (that virtually looked out onto brickwalls) in either of the rooms more than a couple of inches. Bedding/blankets with numerous holes in. Extensively cracked chinaware. The most uneven flooring you can imagine. To be fair, it's location is ideal…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1005-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a short stay only!,"This hotel is ok if you want to be situated near Hyde Park or for an event in Hyde Park as it is in very close proximity to the park itself. I would not recommend it for anything other than this reason or if you are staying for anything longer than a weekend, however. Although I have no complaints about the staff who were very helpful and polite both upon checking in and out, the room we stayed in was little to be desired for. We were placed in a room on the very top floor which was unbelievably hot, despite keeping the windows open throughout our entire stay. To make things worse, there was no air conditioning, so we had very little sleep in the nights. The room itself was very small, as was the bathroom, however, this didn't particularly bother my fiance and I too much as it…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1005-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money in a great location,"The QPH is a great little hotel in a perfect location opposite Hyde Park. The room I has was not vast, but in good condition and perfectly serviceable. The bathroom was small but adequate for a short stay.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful, even at 3.30 am. The included breakfast was fresh and tasty. It's not the Hilton, but then I certainly didn't pay Hilton prices.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1005-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Totally unacceptable standard!,"My husband and I were part of a large group of adults and teenage women and from the get go were disgusted with the standard of this hotel.  Staff at reception were unhelpful and in fact had not organised rooms according to the brief they had been sent weeks before, and told us they did not know anything about room allocation. The staff at reception were sometimes 3 strong but were simply not interested in providing any sort of service or addressing complaints and in fact argued every point. Parts of our group (teenagers) were sharing beds which was totally unacceptable. We were put us into what they called a double room on the 4th floor.  The lifts made it impossible for more than 1 person and suitcase in the small lift at a time which meant time delays for the group of 40 to…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1005-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs - Disgusting Rooms and Service!,"I was the leader of a large group that stayed in this hotel.  We booked many TRIPLE rooms for school students with the clear instruction that students were not to share beds.  However, most students were placed in a room with a double bed and a single bed.  BED BUGS!  I would say that over 90% of our students received Bed Bug bites from this hotel.  And not just the odd bite!  Students are absolutely covered in bites from head to toe.  The size of the elevators is frightening, and dangerously appalling!  To make matters worse, the guys behind reception were extremely argumentative and defensive of this disgusting hotel - plus most had terrible english.  Never once did they seem interested in actually helping.  The worst situation was when a female staff member needed a man from…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1010-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Choose something else,"This hotel has alot to wish for. First off all an amount of 170 pounds was withdrawn from my account 1 week before arrival despite the fact that it said when i booked the hotel that there was not to be any payment before arrival. And second off all, when I told this to the staff at the reception when we arrived they immediately turned very diffensive eventhough I was not blaming them for anything, just explaining that it was strange this had happened since I had gotten no information about it beforehand and I was worried something was wrong since the money haden't returned to my account eventhough it should had. The money finally went back to my account after about 8 days. But whenever I tried to talk to the staff about this the directly raised their voices and didn't listen at…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1010-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Wont stay again,Small room wool type blanket receved the worst bites from some blood sucking creature all down my arms and torso this week i am suffering ferom allergic reaction. Continental quits might be the answer,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1010-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable quality with great location.,"Perfect location, close to metro, shops and Kensington gardens. Room was very hot but beds were comfortable.  Old but reasonably clean.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1010-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Find somewhere else to stay !!,"What can I say - the negative reviews I have read are all true.  Booked my twin room 3 months in advance only to find (after waiting in reception for 10 minutes) a double room.  Returned back to reception (in a lift the size of a phone box) to be told ""this may take some time to sort"" and then I was just left - no offer of a hot or cold drink for the inconvenience.  When I asked if there was anywhere I could get a drink, I was told to go ""across the road"" ..... !! Rooms were not the cleanest, they were very, very warm and unfortunately although the window was open, there was no breeze coming in due to the fact the window opened onto another brick wall, the beds have a sheet and a blanket (that you wouldn't put in a dogs bed) thankfully rooms are so hot you don't need to use your…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1010-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but it was fine,"We were quite nervous about staying here after reading some of the reviews, but we didn't encounter any of the problems others seem to have found. Staff were friendly and welcoming and check in was easy.   We were in room 20 on the 4th floor which was small but clean and perfectly adequate for a weekend break, although there are not enough lifts for the number of people staying there and we had some long waits.   The carpets on the corridors are a bit worn, but the room itself, which looked as if it might have been fairly recenlty refurbished, had wooden floors and was fine. The toilet/shower area is quite small, but there were products there for us, the shower was really powerful with lots of hot water, and we got fresh towels each day - same with the bedding.   It was busy at…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1015-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Most of the bad reviews are right!,"We stayed here as we were attending a concert in Hyde Park, I had already read some of the terrible reviews but thought I would give the hotel the benefit of the doubt thinking surely they must have made some improvements after so many bad comments.  Unfortunately this was not the case!  It all started fairly well, the staff at reception were very friendly and helpful but it all went downhill from there.  As mentioned, the lifts are absolutely tiny fitted only us two girls who are of a small size and two small overnight bags.  As we got to our floor there were sheets and cups all over the floor...hope these are not the ones that are then put in the rooms.  Our room to be fair was clean and up to date but tiny was not the word.  If you are of a larger size, it would actually be…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1015-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Complete misrepresentation of 'hotel', actually I wouldn't even call it a hotel.","Having had the misfortune of not reading the reviews and pre-paying for this hotel when I booked it, I can say the only reason we stayed here was because we were not going to forfit the money we payed for our room, which wasn't even good value to begin with.   On arriving, the reception seemed nice enough but the staff behind the desk were very rude. Having seen this somewhat nice reception we were excited to see our room but we were only met with disappointment and disgust.  Our room was on the 4th floor so we had to get the 'lift' with 2 suitcases and 2 rucksacks. The lift would take at least 10 minutes to come after having pressed the button and the size of this lift was an absolute joke. On the inside it says it will hold 4 persons, this is not true as two people would…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1015-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and good value,"I have to write a good review for this hotel after reading the bad ones written here.  The staff were helpful.  The room was clean and comfortable.  There was a 'left luggage' service for just a pound a day.  The location was perfect for parks and underground stations and just about 15 mins walk from Paddington main line station.  On a negative side the ensuite in our room was very small, but was adequate for a short stay.  The size of the room was OK for a London hotel.  In all we were very happy with our stay, for the location and the price paid and would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1015-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Covered in bites!,"Do not stay here if you do not like the idea of being eaten while you sleep.  2 friends and I stayed here for 2 nights as part of a theatre break to coincide with Wireless festival. The reason we chose this hotel was for the availability of a triple room.   We arrived slightly early and asked the receptionist if we could check in. He said he would check with housekeeping. After over half an hour of waiting, and asking 3 times, we finally checked in. We were then taken down a very humid corridor, down to the basement. The carpets looked like they had not been hoovered for decades, and they were frayed and dated.  We entered our room to be met with a very basic layout. 3 single beds in a row, with a door on the opposite end which led to the fire escape door (???) then the…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1015-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",small room,"the hotel location is excellent , i think the rating of this hotel needs to be lowered  the room we had was too small the television had to be re-tuned every time we turned it on, the breakfast was lukewarm ,we had to wait three quarters of a hour before we could check in which i wasn't impressed with.would we stay in this hotel again answer NO.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1020-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!  At best 2 star!,"The lounge is decorated very well, however, behind the scenes it’s a disaster. When we went down into the basement to our room the carpets were all worn and turning up at the edges and then when we got into the room we were very shocked at the size of the room. We were not able to walk around the bed and had to squeeze past it to the dresser.  The wardrobe as so small the coat hangers could not lie in the wardrobe and were pushed to a slant so the door could close.  In the bathroom there were wires hanging from the ceiling light, the shower screen would not move so you had to sit on the toilet in order to swing your legs into the bath, there were holes in the wall with a cardboard piece to block it off, when you sat on the bed it moved as it was on wheels, there was no duvet but…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1020-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bug Alert!!!,"Read the reviews on this hotel and take them seriously! They do have bed bugs...I have pictures to prove it.  I booked here for 1 week vacation and then read online about the bed bug problem.  I contacted them and they assured me they did not have bed bugs.  I trusted them and took a chance keeping my booking with them.  The first night there after travelling hours from Canada there were bed bugs running on our beds.  I took pictures and went down to the night staff.  They said they could not contact the manager until the following morning.  My daughter and I sat up ALL NIGHT LONG in their lobby.  We were totally exhausted.  When they finally contacted the manager he did honour my request for a full refund.  However, I then had to find accommodation for an entire week.  They…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1020-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen's Park Hotel review,"Good value. Excellent location. The only complaint was with the free breakfast. At the busy time, they did not replenish supplies quickly enough so you weren't guaranteed to have a clean plate available. Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1020-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny bedroom,Room was very small and very warm. We slept with the window open to keep cool but the street noise is unbearable. The décor is tired and shabby. Breakfast was buffet style and adequate. Stayed as part of a theatre break so location was okay but wouldn’t stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1020-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely great hotel,"I've stayed there a couple of times, and I must say, it's one of the best hotels in the area: Staff is absolutely friendly, the rooms are good(for London and for the price), and the location is great as well... can't say anthing more but that it's a great hotel for the price ... ",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1025-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Small,Wouldnt have chose to stay in this hotel but was booked by someone else. First impressions were good from reception and staff. Rooms very disapointing. Having read other reviews I was worried about bed bugs but happily didnt find any. However bedding was not clean. Bed on wheels moved every time you went anywhere near it and sagged in the middle! Bathroom looked very clean but toilet flush was broken. The lift is so small its actually funny. Location is ok and breakfast was plentiful. I wouldnt stay here again if given the choice.,Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1025-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",great price for a good hotel,"I spent 3 nights here with my husband in May 2012 as we had theatre tickets booked. I am not sure what happened with the other reviewers with regards to the bed bug situation but we did not experience anything like that and couldnt really understand their comments as we had a fantastic time! We checked in early and were worried about where to put our bags until the room was ready. Luckily the Reception staff kept them for us for a few hours until we got our room. The room wasnt huge, but it had everything. It's clean, comfortable and compact. They even have shampoo and shower caps which I thought was quite good for a 3 star hotel! Location is great, theres 2 underground stations right next to the hotel, Queensway and Bayswater. Breakfast was superb, eggs, sausages, toast and…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1025-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for the Royal Albert Hall or Hyde Park.,"Stayed with a mate as we were attending a concert at the Albert Hall. Check in was easy & we were given a basement room, probably because we got a discounted rate through hotels.com. The room was functional & had 3 single beds & the bathroom had a seperate shower & a bath with a shower over it. The toiletries were cheap as was the tea & coffee provided in the room, which incidentally wasn't touched. The staff were helpful enough with directions & maps & the breakfast was pretty good as it was advertised as continental but included a cooked option too. I must say I found the beds comfortable & the temperature was OK although it was a little noisy.  All in all satisfactory, although I would have been writing a different review had I paid full price.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1025-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No wow factor,The room was clean and looked relatively newly done although not to the highest standard. We were in what felt like the servants quarters having to get there going through the restaurant area and by the kitchens. The reception staff could have been a little better mannered when booking us in they had trouble finding our reservation but they just left us standing there no information about what was happening. The bin men woke us much earlier than we would have liked around 6am. All in all it was comfortable and clean and the breakfast was adequate.,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1025-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hmm...,"Uninterested staff, tiny rooms, even tinier lifts. Location is out of the way.. However the hotel is close to 2 tube stations which is helpful. I wouldn't chose it unless you have no other choice. ",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1030-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs in the mattress,"I spent 3 nights at this hotel. The first night we came home late and fell to bed. The next morning realized that the bed sheets were used ones. Complained, they changed them. Later I started getting itches and received several bites on my leg, arms, neck. One night I could not sleep because of itching. In the morning I checked the sheets and found bed bugs on the mattress. I complained. They told me that to remedy my claim they have to wait for the Pest control people, which I did not understand as the proof was there on me and in the toilet paper in which I gathered 2 samples. The same day I returned home. I was promised to receive a satisfying answer ( a refund) but since then no reply.   Since then I get still further rashes coming out. My skin is full of bubbles. I take…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1030-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Small rooms for the price, but could not fault the service.","The hotel was situated close to two underground stations as well as bus stops. The service was fantastic, but the size of the rooms disappointed, as well as squeaking doors and beds. Navigating to the room was a struggle, almost like a rabbit warren, and a tight fit for suitcases in both the hallways and elevators. The concierge was fantastic, and made bookings promptly, always willing to help. Rooms were turned down and cleaned daily, which was nice to come back to after a day of sight-seeing.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1030-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",'Will be remembered for all the wrong reason',"We arrived in London late on the night after a few hours travelling we were looking forward to having an early night in the hotel ready to be up early for the next day. We checked in and straight away there were people complaining about there stay which should have been a warning for us of things to come.  When we saw the size of the lift we decided it would be better for us to carry our cases upstairs as it was extremely small and didn’t look as though it was capable of getting us to the first floor without breaking down. Our first impression of the room and hotel was pretty below average from previous hotels we have stayed in. As we looked closer at the room we realised attention to detail wasn’t a priority, the floor needed a good hover, the sink was cracked and the shower…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1030-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",bed bugs..bitten alive!...disgusting!!,"We stayed here on the Jubilee Weekend in room 207 for 1 night!! our 1st opinion on the room we was given was shabby and dark.On staying the night and the next morning.we sat on the beds and discovered bugs crawling on the beds :( we complained to the hotel receptionist but was seemingly brushed off with an excuse that the manager wasnt here to approach the BEDBUG ISSUE,and was told the house keeper would have a look.They didnt even offer a refund or any kind.The next morning after having a complete desanitise and a very restless night due to scratching from the itchy bed bug bites..weve come up in huge bites.I will be taking this further to the Hotel inspector and Environmental people.I would not suggest sleeping in this hotel ever again or to any body that decides to stay in…",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1030-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't take Room 4,"Booked this hotel because it was near Paddington station and, standing outside, it certainly looked like any one of the hundreds of OK hotels in the Bayswater/Paddington area that sevice the shifting population of tourist and business people on a budget. But I was wrong. I was tired when I got there so didn't really notice that Room 4 was part of a small group of rooms near the kitchen or more accurately almost in the kitchen. I certainly noticed when the kitchen workers arrived to prepare breakfast early the next morning. I was close enough to join in the conversation, which was loud and accompanied by the usual banging of pans. OK, should have noticed the night before but when I told the receptionist the next day that he should warn people when they checked to expect an early…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1035-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers Alive & (Not So) Well...,"I'm afraid I have to agree with most of the other reviewers. The place is awful. My wife and I stayed after an otherwise very pleasant evening in London to celebrate my 40th birthday. Don't be fooled by the enchanting approach along Queensborough Terrace.  As soon as we entered the lobby (just after 10pm), the decor was reminiscent of a communist hostel and probably has not seen a lick of paint since the Berlin wall collapsed...  My wife and I squeezed into what I initially thought was the wrong lift (very small, perhaps used by 'Maintenance' for transporting equipment / luggage), but then noted the plaque which stated the maximum capacity is 4 people. An optimistic notion at best. I think 4 dwarf stunt riders, mounted two by two would not fit in that lift...  It soon became…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1035-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Extremely bad rooms, unhelpful staff","Rooms so noisy I got no sleep and had to buy earplugs. Room had not been cleaned properly , found Penney's price tags on the carpet, from previous occupant. Night porter refused to ring me a proper taxi and instead sent an unregistered driver who would not give me a receipt ot show is license or registration. I got the distinct impression this was a relation of the porters, which is why they lied and told me there were no trains running to Heathrow around 4 am.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1035-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel at Hostel Prices!,"Firstly let me apologise on behalf of the Queens Park Hotel for the appalling stay you have just had (or will have), this incidentally is more than you will get from the Hotel itself if you choose to complain. I recently had the misfortune to stay in dreadful Hotel for six nights.  The first sign that all was not well was when I checked in, man (otherwise know as the concierge) was slouched behind the reception desk slugging at a bottle of water and talking to the receptionist, both chose to ignore me and continue their riveting conversation whilst I waited to check in. The conversation continued between the pair whilst I checked in. Then came the lifts, filthy, cramped and generally unsafe looking with the same faults that have been flagged up for the past 4 years or more on…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1035-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Does what is says on the label,"Booked this hotel while visiting Brit Floyd performance at the Royal Albert Hall. I was somewhat apprehensive after reading various reviews. But I must say that the room, although compact, was clean and comfortable. Large bed, telly on the wall, safety deposit box, tea/coffee etc. The en-suit was freshly tiled and the shower had a good supply of hot water. Breakfast was quite adequate with everything (except bacon) that you would expect to find at buffet service. There was only one slight hiccup when I checked-in. That was being sent to a room that was already occupied! However, this was rectified without any fuss and the replacement room was, as I said, quite adequate. Overall I would say good value for the cost. Would I go back? Possibly not, although I never holiday in the…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1035-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",solo traveller scotland,"Booked this hotel 2 months in adavance only to find no record of booking on arrival. Room very small with no airflow so very uncomfortable at night,Hot & Sticky!!! Nothing to sit on in room apart from bed. Hair dryer blew up at first time of using. No comfortable lounge etc to sit in. Location quite good but this is a very basic hotel and is more like a hostel!!!!",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1040-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not Good,"Booked this hotel before reading reviews, soooo wished we had read reviews first because its everything that the reviews say believe me !! .. Yes its not an expensive hotel but theres no excuse for the state of the place abit of paint here and there cost nothing !! But i wouldnt call it an hotel more like a hostel !!  They put us on a floor (2 adults and 1 child) with a group of blokes that kept us awake most of the night with there doors open shouting and not acare in the world to other people around them but fair enough they were having fun but i dont understand why the hotel would put a couple with a child on the same floor as a group of blokes !!! .. Room was very very tiny could hardly move around to get ready bathroom was tiny good job were not big people !!! Sooooo no i…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1040-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",not good,"service was barley ok. but the place is a dump. they have tried to fix a few things, but there are others that are horrendous. the carpet is grimy. and the toilets a bit icky. ",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1040-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs in the rooms,I have stayed at the Queens Park Hotel and the last 2 times there have been bed bugs in the room. They were on the pillows and in the bed and we took photos and complained. Me and my wife have been bitten all over and have been to the doctors.  The rooms are not very clean and the drainage in the bathrooms really smell bad. I would not recommend this hotel a hostel would be better!!!,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1040-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed.,"My wife and myself have just completed a trip to England and various other countries in Europe. We selected this hotel off the internet as it looked quite nice and in a very centralised location for our needs. Unfortunately what we found was nothing short of disappointment in this hotel. The room we were allocated was about the size of a shoe box. The noise that filtered through the whole establishment was astounding. It actually turned out to be something like a backpackers hotel, with the majority of guests staying one or two nights at the most. The breakfast was very basis and very Humdrum every morning, As we stayed a total of three nights. There was one staff member who was helpful for certain information we required about the local area and travel services. Not recommended…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1040-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",My experience,There was some remodeling going on so it was a bit noisy. I have never seen such small lifts as in this hotel. One feels claustrophobic in there.The room was too small. One could hardly move about. The bathroom was very smelly and the smell was coming from the shower drain. This was cleaned twice and we were given an air fresher to use. In this day and age free Internet is a major plus for any hotel. The location is very good with easy transportation by bus or tube. The staff was quite friendly. Breakfast was better than I thought it would be.,Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1045-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price,"We stayed for 4 nights, and had no issues during our stay, and only a few complaints. Everything was clean, and the hotel staff were friendly. The room had its own bathroom with WC/Shower, which was a big plus. Deduction has to be made for no working channels on the television in our room, and the fact that there was a huge scaffolding outside our window. Breakfast was good (Egg, beans, bread, sausage, etc.). The room, elevators, and halls were small, but as we expected in London. Although there are areas the hotel could improve upon, they give good value for the price, and a great choice for a budget long-weekend in London.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1045-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel!,"We stayed here in June 2011, after the refurb had taken place and it was a fantastic hotel. Excellent value for money and a great location. We was given the biggest room in the hotel and it was awesome. The refurb had been done to a high standard and in my opinion and we felt that by paying £80.00 per night, we got a great deal!  I assume the majority of negative comments were written before the refurb, as we really couldn't find anything to moan about !",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1045-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's not quite as bad as others have said...,"I brought a USA HS student group to this hotel; it was arranged for us via a travel company.  First, the pros:  the front desk people were nice, helpful and accommodating, taking care of our luggage b/c we came in early.  The breakfast was fine and ample, though nothing to write home about (eggs, sausage, cereal, coffee, juice, toast, etc).  Overall, the room was somewhat clean.  I was lucky to have a window that looked out on the street and therefore there was good air circulation.  The showers were always hot.  The internet worked well in the lobby (a must for me b/c I needed to work during the trip). The neighborhood felt safe enough - kind of like Allston/Brighton for those in the Boston area.  The Queensbury tube stop was less than a 5 minute walk, which served us well. …",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1045-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Night from Hell!,"Stayed here 17th April eve of my 50 th birthday as a Jersey Boys package through encore.  Booked into room 19 on the third floor of the New Buid.  The room was cold on arrival, we switched on the radiator and also switched on a stand alone oil radiator.  We got changed and went into the West End  for Dinner and to see Jersey Boys. On our return to the Hotel the room was still cold, the radiator on the wall under the window had not come on. The oil filled radiator did not warm the room.  We had a cup of tea and got into bed.  The bedding consited of one sheet and a thread bear stained blanket that I would not put in my dogs bed. Consequently we were freezing and called reception for more bedding which arrived shortly after our call.  We lay awake all night, at 7am I thought I…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1045-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING: I CAUGHT SCABBIES FROM THIS HOTEL,DO NOT STOP HERE! I stayed at this hotel and both myself and girlfriend caught scabbies - confirmed by doctor. It could only have been at this hotel. Manager initially responded saying he would conduct investigation but then heard nothing. BE WARNED!,Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1050-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Accommodation in the basement with beds on wheels that do not stand still,"The hotel is at a good distance to central London and with the okay bus links. The proximity to Hyde Park with beautiful walks is a clear plus. Breakfast was okay, but room in the basement, there was no uplifting feeling",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1050-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as pictured,"I stayed here 5/23-5/26 in a single room. I didn't expect much, and little is all I got.  The people at the front desk were nice, and I was aptly greeted. The elevators, as others have mentioned, are hilariously small (3 people can shove in there max, or one person with small suitcase). You must still carry your bag up some stairs and through the tiny halls to your tiny room. I was shocked when I saw that my room was smaller than the single dorm room I had back in college, and no where near as nice as the pictures on the hotel's website. I felt claustrophobic and gross in there. The bed (twin) sagged in the middle, all the linens/ towels were very dingy - absolutely horrid compared to the pictures online (I did not wish to use them), the walls were scuffed and you could hear…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1050-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel ok Rooms very small,"Stayed at this hotel wile visiting London to go see the show Jersey Boys. The hotel is opposite Hyde Park and within a short walk to either Bayswater & Queensway Tube Station. Also it only a 30 walk to Oxford Street.  Rooms in the hotel are clean but are very small and all have LCD Tv's. Again bathrooms are small but they have everything you need. Would not like to stay there anymore than 2 nights   The breakfast was good, hot and edible, the only thing is they dont have a bar, so we ended up buying in wine and drinking it in the dining room.  So pritty good hotel, with good links into the city, but only ok for one or two nights",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1050-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A Hundred Times Better Than the Reviews.,"We were expecting to find some difficulties because of the negative comments we have read on Tripadvisor but it was the opposite. Our room was located on the newly repaired wing of the building. Our room was great, everything was new, no noises, a modern bathroom, the beds O.K. The breakfast was excellent, hot and cold items, a great breakfast to begin the day with. The personnel of the hotel very nice and helpful at all times. The hotel is very well located in Bayswater with lots of connection, two metro stations and many buses in the area.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1050-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park Hotel,This hotel was conveniently located near HydePark with helpful people and good service but walls were Very thin! Rooms are adequate but nothing special.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1055-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting.,"There were holes in the walls and bathroom door. The towel rack fell off the wall.   I put a do not disturb sign on my door but the house keeping staff walked in anyway.   The buffet breakfast was disgusting. Tinned tomatoes heated up, the coffee is like hot bitter dishwater. I ended up eating breakfast out most mornings.  I asked for a 4am wake up call, luckily I woke up at 4.15am by chance. I never received the wake up call.  I checked out and listened to the staff argue over how many nights I had stayed and If i had paid my account in full... I had prepaid weeks before I arrived. On that subject, I had to email and email and call 4 times to finally get the hotel to process the payment and issue me with a receipt. They eventually processed the payment. I then had to follow…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1055-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly,Stayed on the 5th floor.Corridors were like rat runs & the room was smelly.It smelt of drains.Heating was cranked up to full and it was quite a warm day.Breakfast was like a free for all.They ran out of plates and had to ask at least 3 times for them.The lifts were very scary!!,Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1055-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's ok for a one night stay,It's not a bad price for a one night stay at this hotel. Rooms aren't too bad quite clean and tidy. Beds can be a little on the uncomfy side. Breakfast is average. I would advise to not stay here if your in London for more than a couple of day.,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1055-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nowhere near as bad as people make out to be,"must agree with katie s's review....after reading reviews on here before staying at this hotel we were a bit apprehensive but took it with humor. here goes...the hotel is in a very central location, yes its basic, but the room was spaceious, clean, bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean and wow the shower was powerful and hot, the only thing which wasnt great at all was the hairdryer( i dont know why they bother to put one in the room) , but from previous reviews knew about this and brought my own, the breakfast was good and staff kept tables clear and replenished food. the staff were friends and courtius. for a weekend stay this hotel is perfectly ok and i would definately come and stay again :)",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1055-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as everyone makes out,"My husband & I stayed here in December 2011. I had read the reviews on here & some are comically bad so I was a tad apprehensive about what we were letting ourselves in for. However, we are of the opinion that all you will do is sleep & shower in the hotel so if these bits are ok then thats good enough for us. We were pleasantly surprised. The room although small was big enough for both him & me to move about & spread our belongings about. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was absolutely fine. I cannot honestly find one thing to complain about & really can't see what other peoples problems are. The breakfast room did get full quite quickly but we soon worked out the best time to go to avoid everyone else. The best thing I think though was the lift, it is beyond tiny. My…",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1060-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","A night in London? Yes, please, without roaches.","I love London. I really love London. This was my first time to reach my dream come true. I got the opportunity to go for short holidays in my ..well, my life, since I have professor's degree in English language and literature (second language). So, visiting London it's life changing experience. But, little I have known that this trip would be (almost) spoiled by this hotel I have already booked and paid. First of all, BELIEVE bad reviews. They do help. I did so, since I could not have money refund (it was the deal of day, but I did not look and this was MY mistake and my own fault). Old enough to admit a mistake when I make one. So, I stuck with this hotel in October, the day I booked it and they charged immediately. I know this was my mistake. But, luckily I am an old traveler…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1060-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A bit dissapointed,"internet cost 2 pounds/hour. It should be free. I first had a room that was renovated and quite nice. I was very happy about it until 6am when i realized that it was next to kitchen and the staff was so loud I could not sleep. I assumed all the rooms are the same quality so wanted to change, but they gave me a room with dirty carpet, tv had just 5 channels.  ( the other  room had at-least 26), the room temperature was +30c and someone smoked hash above or below so all the smoke had come in while the window was open.  I was then given another room in the basement. That was very  moist and and has mould on the wall. I could not open the window to get fresh air. I would not pay more than 50 pounds for a single room.  the staff was ok, but sometimes they were not around and people…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1060-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for...,"This hotel is in a great location.  Easy enough to get around.  I booked a triple room and it would be like the the picture, but it seems we were put into a double with an extra bed squeezed in. The bathroom was nice, but the rest of the room was cramped.  There was a horrible draft and this basement room smelled of sewage. The breakfast was ok, but the hotel was so booked that it was difficult to find a space to sit.  I did get a peek at some other rooms that looked much nicer.  I would not stay here again, but if you do, make sure not to get a basement room.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1060-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",very disappointing,"My husband and i were really looking forward to a night away from children to go to see a show and stop at the queens park hotel. The show was amazing, shame we could'nt say the same about the hotel!! very tatty little lifts. very small room, with electric heater as the radiator did not work, two thin blankets on the bed ( while outside temp was -10). Worst of all we could not shower as there was such little cold water pressure that it just produced scalding hot water no cold at all, the cold water from sink tap was just dribbling enough to brush our teeth. When i mentioned it to reception, there was no apology or offer to move us and the problem was left unresolved. Breakfast was an interesting fight for table and help yourself to what is left at 9am ! would we stop there…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1060-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Honest Review,"we were dreading going having read some of the negative reviews on this site. However on arrival found the staff very friendly and accommodating. we went to our room and I promptly inspected the bed. The Linen was clean and so were the rooms.you could make a list of minor petty faults like there was a gap under the door it needed a lick of paint and the rooms were quite small. For the price we paid we couldnt grumble at all.lets face it you only stay in your room to sleep and shower. It was a a base with a clean bathroom and a clean bed.Nice hot shower also. Breakfast was buffet style nothing fantastic but cereals toast fruit yoghurt rolls hot drinks fruit juice  scrambled eggs tomatoes beans mushrooms and sausages as well as croissants cheese preserves, enough to fill up on…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1065-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected.......,"Bit dubious after reading reviews, however, my view was we were only staying for 1 night for a theatre break. We arrived in London early and found the hotel. Reception welcoming and helpful. Asked if we could use the luggage room for our bags, the helpful receptionist checked our booking and said our room was available. We found the room went in and the room was not ready, the bed was unmade etc, I did think Uh -oh....... Went back to reception where they apologised and organised another room staright away. Room was as stated by other reviewers, small and compact but spotlessly clean & as you don't spend much time in your room anyway I don't see this as a problem. Location is fab. Breakfast was fine, had better but had a lot worse. Shower was a slight issue, I had a lovely…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1065-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","rude, and poor value for money!",when we arrived we waited 10 mins to speak to someone in reception to check in. The rooms are very small and the bathroom even smaller. The shower only worked when it wanted to. We had scaffolding outside our window so no outside light was coming in. I stayed here with my family. The breakfast was disgusting and only one member of staff available who was rude and not willing to help. No mugs or glasses to get a drink. Or forks.  and beware of the lady cleaning the tables with the trolley. She's dangerous rude and face like a bulldog chewing a wasp. lifts were very small and dangerous. Door were hanging on one hinge in corridor. Hotel was full of foreigners who were rude! Never again!! Don't let this hotel spoil London because outside of the hotel was amazing!,Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1065-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ok hotel,"13 of us stayed here on a hen weekend, all our rooms were clean and tidy, which after reading some reviews on here i was suprised at, staff were friendly, and the young man on reception was very helpful, there are some good places to eat just around the corner and the pub at the end of the road is good for a visit,",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1065-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Staff,"I stayed at this hotel as a birthday treat while taking in a west end show. The hotel itself was fine. It was clean, convenient location for travel and the room was comfortable and had all that was required for our one night stay. The only downside was during breakfast, the staff member who was maintaining the food service area was rude, unhelpful and unapproachable. This upset me as it was my birthday and her negative attitude spoilt the start to my day. Apart from this individual the staff on reception and cleaners were all pleasant enough.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1065-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable Value!,"I have stayed at this hotel in the past. It was ok then but certainly nothing speicial. First time back for nearly a year or so. The hotel has gone through some significant changes since my last visit. The communal areas have gone though a significant upgrade. The lobby and breakfast area is now vastly improved and the rooms seem  to have been upgraded as well. Whilst my double room was compact the bathroom was surprisingly larger than expected and the room had coffee/tea making  facilities, a flat screen tv and newish furnishings. Hotel also offers wi-fi in your room (at a nominal cost).  Staff are very pleasant particularly the lady receptionist who greeted me. Full breakfast buffet is also included within the price which was very popular with the guests. All in all a very…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1070-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nothing amazing, but nothing awful either","This was a good, albeit average hotel. I don't mean that to be demeaning, I just mean that as a hotel it is very much an average West end hotel in the budget bracket. It does not have a bar or room service, the rooms are basic but comfortable, the environment clean and warm but not luxurious.  My room (503) on the top floor was very warm despite the windows being open because when I visited (January 2012) they appeared to be building an extension to the rear of the building and so the whole rear of the hotel was encased in tarpaulin. I adjusted pretty quickly, but warmth is better than the alternative in January in London, so no real grounds for complaint.  The bathroom whilst compact was actually larger than many bathrooms I've seen in hotels in this price bracket. The bedding…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1070-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",HOSTEL!,"this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in!! if you want a hostel then stay here! the rooms are very small and stink! the bathrooms are awful, it was that bad i couldnt bring my self to have a shower.. when you arrive the reception looks ok so we were releaved - until we went to the room! the corridors were tiny and dirty with marks all over the walls, when your asleep you hear everything!! we heard everything in the room next door, in the mornings you heard every up and running along the corridoors. the only nice thing i can say is the breaksfast was nice. i would never stay here again - and for £90 per night it was a complete rip off !!  the receptionist was VERY rude aswell !",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1070-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A good all round stay,"I dont quite understand all the negative reviews re this hotel. I stayed here at the beginning and end of a trip to the UK along with my American friends (end Dec & beg Jan). I found the reception helpful and cheery, the rooms, small but comfortable and clean, the breakfast was wonderful and the surrounding area of Bayswater is ideal for a myriad of restaurants and easy tube access. There was some construction noise, I agree, and the lift is very small, but for the price, the food and the excellent location, I was very happy with the hotel and would not hesitate to go back. I am assuming that the negative comments are posted by rival hotels!!? - If you found this hotel bad, I suggest you check out some of the travelodges in London - now thats what I call bad!!!",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1070-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"We booked this hotel through superbreak as part of a theatre hotel package, and it was an excellent choice in a very good area. The hotel I understand has gone through a refurbishment recently and the rooms were nicely presented, only one small criticism, a quilt/bedcover would have been a welcome addition for the bed, only a sheet and blanket (extra one in wardrobe) provided and in January this is not adequate. Breakfast was also very good, although we assumed it was continental, there were quite a few hot items and  everything was replenished without asking...not always the case. We would stay at this hotel again...",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1070-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money!,"Had a weekend break in London over the festive season (Dec 2011) and stayed in this conveniently situated hotel (short walk to bus / underground links). Staff were friendly, helpful and accomodating. English breakfast included in the reasonable rate. Rooms were clean and comfortable, tho the toilet was positioned very close to the bath and rather awkward to use! Other than that would definitely recommend this hotel for a short London stay!",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1075-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Quirkeyangel,"As a solo traveller having stayed at various hotels in London, I first stayed June/11. Have now made Queens Park my London Hotel. had 3stays totalling 10night.  Good Value for money. All Public transport easy to access.  Surrounding area, very well lit, a must when on own & returning by Bus(94) from Theatre/Piccadilly.    Breakfast is very good, plenty of choices.  Staff professional &approachable.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1075-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"The rooms have not been maintained, there is paint coming of the walls. The bedroom 411 where we stayed had broken curtains and window latch, creaking floor boards, toilet and shower drains blocked, the room smelt stale and of cigarette smoke. Breakfast was continental with cooked consisting of sausages, beans, scrambled egg, tomatoes and mushrooms. Ok if you like this but it never changed. Be aware of ordering a taxi from here as they have there own people doing it and charge more. This is not a safe hotel, we even had our belongings gone through and checked out. Overal a very sad place to stay.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1075-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",For that price - very good,"If you expect to pay 2* prices and get 4* value, you'd be disappointed. On the other hand, having paid 60 pounds for a clean room, very comfortable bed, renovated bathroom and reasonable breakfast - warrants a 4 star review in my opinion. However the reviews which referred to room and bathroom size are right: they were indeed small - and when sitting on the loo one's knees bumped into the sink.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1075-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Very dirty hotel, unprofessional staff,  Please AVOID!!!!!!","Me & my husband stayed (were supposed to stay) in this hotel for 1 night .When we arrived at 2:20 pm we have been told by a rude employee that the room wasn’t ready and we had to wait at the reception area. Later on when we got our keys we just dropped our stuff off in the room. The room welcomed us with an unpleasant smell and we were shocked how small the room actually was. We wanted to leave some of our personal belongings in the safe unfortunately it didn’t work so we ended up taking our keys, laptop etc. with us. Later that night we got back to the hotel room and we were disgusted. The bedding was dirty; the bed has collapsed when we sat on it and the blanket to cover ourselves smelled, it wasn’t washed at all. Bathroom wasn’t cleaned and we found a bug (alive) on a toilet…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1075-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"After reading some uncomplimentary reviews I was not expecting a lot!! the room was snug, but there were three of us sharing, luckily we were close family.  Saying that the room was clean and warm, we were on the ground floor, and if you were not 6 foot tall quite impossible to open the window's which were set up quite high, so it was a stand on the bed job.  The bathroom was modern, but if the extractor fan was not on the room could be quite smelly.  The biggest plus point was the good breakfast, a really nice addition, as I have in the past paid £15 for what we had at the Queens Park.  Excellent transport links to central london, also for the mesuems and Albert Hall.  I would not hesitate to book this hotel again for a short stay in London, we purchased Oyster cards fot…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1080-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for central London,"I must have stayed in about 10 different hotels in London at the cheaper end of the market, and I can only think of one better - and it has now put its prices up.  The one thing that can be guaranteed about these hotels is that the rooms will be small. Very small. Tiny.  The Queens Park is trying its best to improve itself. The reception area is lovely, the breakfast area is pleasant, and the rooms have obviously been recently decorated. The scaffolding at the front may be inconvenient for some but clearly to paint the facade it has to be there.  I booked three rooms for ourselves, our friends and our son and we had a great stay. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The bathrooms were en-suite - great! The breakfast was by no means gourmet but it was quite acceptable…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1080-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I suppose you get what you pay for,"Like the other reviewers we felt the lifts small ,room was also small.The bed was against the wall making it difficult to get out of.The bathroom was also tiny .Water dribbled out of shower and luke warm and we had to request a sink plug.Breakfast was not bad but as things ran out were not replaced until a guest requested.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1080-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER EVER AGAIN,"On arraving at the hotel first impression very good, nice clean reception. They asked for £20 out of my account which i was fine with. Went to get the lift which was so small that me and my girlfriend could barely fit in with our suitcase and it took forever to come down. Trying to find our room was a nightmare with the carpet on route looking really old and worn. Got to our room and was not impressed was very small for a double with light swiches hanging off the wall bed sheet disgusting and looking warn. My girlfriend after waking up had bits all over her. Going into the bathrrom was small tiny shower, dust on the toliet sheet and basen. Was disgusting it STANK was awuful didnt even want to go in there. we were staying only 2 nights but after gettig back we were expecting our…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1080-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",just terrible,"arrived a little early for check in (20 mins) was told room not ready, and luggage put in a room in reception, initial impression was very good, reception very clean and well presented, staff smart and helpful, didnt arrive back until 10.30 pm to find luggage room door open and our bags on obvious display.. still they were there so no problems, card charged and room key given, on my wife opening the lift I laughed and told her it must be the service elevator as it was tiny.. but no this was the actual lift!!, the carpets on the way to our room were very worn and ragged, on entry to our room the first impression was not great, very well worn and cheaply furnished, stains and marks all over the walls.. still I guess it was only £67 quid so.. tried to turn tv on but no remote…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1080-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly and poor breakfast,"A small hotel with one of the smallest elevators I have ever seen. The bathroom smelled so bad it woke us up in the middle of the night. The cleaning lady folded wet towels, which led to damp and cold towels to dry us the day after. For breakfast they served toast with jam or cheese, traditional english breakfast directly from cans. Nothing but the scrambled eggs were home made or fresh. The building site just outside our window was active from 7 am friday, saturday and sunday. The fact that sheets and showers were clean prevent me from rate the hotel Terrible.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1085-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disaster!!,"We had the extreme misfortune to use this ""hotel"" for one night, in a 'double room, which was so small we had to swap places in order to move within the room! The bathroom was MINUTE, more like a cubicle.Breakfast was a free-for-all, with insufficient seating and limited choice of VERY mediocre food.When checking out at 09:00 we asked if we could leave our luggage, and were informed it would cost £1 per item to use the 'left luggage room'.When we said we would return our cases to our room until check-out time of 12:00 we were told that was fine????. This appears to be some sort of 'scam' on behalf of the staff...PLEASE PLEASE AVOID this apology for a hotel AT ALL COSTS!!!",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1085-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay!,"Booked a deal through superbreaks with rail and 3 nights in queens park hotel, I must admit I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews but had a lovely stay! First of all it is in an excellent location, Hyde park across the road and 2 tube stations less than 5 mins walk away, which was perfect for getting about and doing all the sightseeing! When we first arrived the staff were really friendly and were very helpful throughout our stay. We were in room 319 which is in the recently refurbished part of the hotel, the room was brilliant! I had read that the rooms were small but there was plenty of space with a decent size double bed and even a little kitchenette :) the bathroom had a good shower, was always warm and plenty of water pressure! We had breakfast only once…",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1085-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and friendly.  Would stay again.,"After reading all the reviews on here, I was starting to regret not checking this site before booking.  However, when we arrived at the hotel, we were pleasantly surprised at the modern clean reception and friendly staff.  Yes, the lift is tiny, but that's hardly the end of the world! Our room was in the basement, and upon hearing that, my heart sank. But, the room was lovely. Clean bedding and a large brand new bathroom that had 2 showers!! Wouldn't mind having that bathroom at home actually.  Breakfast was lovely too. The only thing that I meant to mention to reception was the tv only picked up 2 channels (I forgot to tell them), but let's face it, when you're in London, the last thing you want to do is watch tv! Would definitely visit again",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1085-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Smart reception area but a very small room,"Well done to the management for providing a smart reception area (and friendly staff) , though this rather glosses over the rooms....but let me start with the lift.  There are two lifts.....do not use the right hand one which claims it can accomodate four people.... unless thet are small children sized, this would be physically impossible.... the word 'Claustrophobia' springs to mind.  The room was very 'bijoux' (small) but adequate.  the sheets look well worn and tired.  I now have a rash on my chest/ stomach and not sure if it's from bed bug bites.  The bathroom was clean and tidy though.  Breakfast was ok and the reception area was buzzing with clientelle so they must be ok...ish.",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1085-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",For travelers its fine.,"I stayed this hotel february 2011. I just sign up last month and i should write my old experience about this hotel. I think this hotel's location is good. In thirty second you can arrive hyde park by walking and location is so close the underground station (queensway) central line. So this mean you can reach too many places with this line. Also in my opinion price is cheap. We stayed 7 nights in double room including breakfast 335 pound. That's so reasonable to stay in central location in london. Moreover, hotel rooms are too small but i think it should not be a big problem for young travelers. My advice; if your expectation is not too high and you will visit some places whole time in your day. This hotel satisfy your need.",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1090-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,I was worred about staying at this hotel after reading some negative reviews but i didnt find any problems with the hotel.   My children and i stayed for 2 nights recently and had a brilliant time - staff where helpful - the breakfast was great and our room was clean and a reasonable size considering its London that you are staying.   The location for the 2 tube stations was great and having Hyde Park on your doorstep was a bonus.   I would stay again.,Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1090-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Well located and exceptionally good value,"If you are looking for a clean and comfortable, well located Hotel, at a great value for money price for central London,  then this is the place for you. The accommodation is ""no frills"" but had everything that we needed for a site seeing trip. The buffet breakfast was good if a little busy (shows how popular the place is with tourists who all get up at the same time of the morning!). Reception service was quick (despite being busy) professional and helpful. They looked after our cases after checkout whilst we did more site seeing (£1 a case we thought was quite reasonable).  Also in a lively area of London, but surprisingly quiet at night. Very handy for 2 tube stations and the parks for lovely walks too.  We really have no complaints about this hotel. Ignore some of the…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1090-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"Stayed here on 29th of September 2011 for 1 night. Hotel in central location 5 mins walk to Queensway tube station. Room clean, brand new bathroom. Presantly surprised having read recent reviews. Hotel clean, staff helpful, breakfast very good. Very busy hotel. Our room on ground floor slept like a log. Would have no hesitation in returning. Two of us stayed one night, brilliliant price, breakfast included. SRFC Fan",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1090-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Clean Hotel,"After reading some of the negative reviews we were a bit dubious about what to expect. We need not have worried. We stayed from the 19 September to 24 September in room 214. The room was very clean and modern. Yes the rooms are a bit small but, as we go every year to London, we are in apostion to say that this is average for London (we have stayed in smaller!!). There are complaints about the lifts but at least it has them, many hotels in central London don't. The room was spotlessly cleaned every day with fresh towels being left. The breakfast was good, though not a true 'English Breakfast' as there was no bacon or ham etc. Again, this is true of many hotels in London due to being run/owned by Muslim families. There was cereals, croissants, bread rolls, yoghurts, scrambled…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1090-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for good price,"I stayed in the Queens Park hotel for 2 nights. We was two women, our room was number 118, clean, comfortable, the staff was kind, the berakfast was good. This hotel is very near to 2 metro stations - Queensway and Bayswater and many restaurants and shops around. We can´t say anything bad about this hotel and when I shall go to London again, sure I come back to this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1095-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Review of no view,"what can we say. we had a room that you literally could not swing a cat in. we were not told about the building work being done to the hotel, we had scaffolding outside our window for the 4 days we were there, and yes you have guessed it we couldnt see a thing because of the huge polythene screen that was put up by the builders. we felt totally claustrophobic. we were woken up every morning at 7.30 with hammering drilling etc.we work hard for our holiday break and are disgusted that we had to put up with that. oh and before we forget if your expecting a good breakfast then go out for one.",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1095-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Location good, service poor.","We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for 1 night, while passing through London.  Its location was very good, being only a couple of minutes walk from Kensington Park, 15mins walk from Paddington Railway Station and fantastic for access to London in general.    However on checking in, the hotel had no details of our booking although this was found after approx 15 minutes.  The problem seemed to be dealt with in an inefficient manner with it being handed from one member of staff to another, with no one seeming to take the lead.  No apology was received for this error from any member of the staff, including the management.  The lift to our room seemed to take ages to arrive.  In fact it was at our floor but the door had failed to open.  A passing cleaner noticed us and the problem,…",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1095-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of hotels that charge you before you stay,"We booked this hotel as a family group for one night as we were going to the proms in the park, location suited us, unfortunately we read the reviews after booking. A little concerned about the hotel taking payment from our card before we had arrived.Whenever we have stayed in hotels before we have always paid on departure,obviously this doesn't bode well if you try to get a refund,which I am guessing happens often enough for them to take payment first. Still I thought give it the benefit of the doubt. We arrived to check in around 3pm to find one of our three rooms wasn't ready (resolved after half an hour).In the twin room my mother found one of the beds had a soaking wet mattress, this must have been noticed when the bed was made as there were some towels under it in an…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1095-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"I never usually write reviews for this kind of thing but I feel so incensed by the service I had at this hotel I feel others should be warned. I'd planned a nice birthday  extended weekend away for my partner. Having been placed in a really small room on one of the hottest weekends of the year which we could hardly move in and I had to climb across to get into the far side of the bed I was a little disappointed but was satisfied with the cleanliness. However, on returning on our second night my partner was climbing into bed  when the bed collapsed beneath him! On looking at the damage it is not surprising considering the bed was constructed with two connecting bed parts hanging over 2 flimsy rollers! On reporting this immediately to reception I was welcomed by the comment; ""it…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1095-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","position good, breakfast ok","we stayed for 2 nights, there are two lifts in the hotel of which one was out of order and they only hold 2 people at at time, together with this the stairs where out of bounds due to hotel extending into next door. the rooms are over five floors and so you can imagine everyone trying to go up and down to breakfast two at a time!in a very slow lift!!! we decided to try the stairs as is was getting very hot to be met with the stairway boarded up so we went out onto the fire escape to the ground floor and over building area and back into breakfast room, Our room was one of the 'new' rooms the toilet seat came off in my husbands hands, there was no remote to the telly, one thin pillow each and 1 sheet 1 blanket but no bed cover no extra if cold . we will not be going back there.",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","excellent location, unfriendly service","We stayed here for 3 days. Positive's- breakfast and location is very good. Negative's -  Wifi not free, unfriendly and cold staff. staff do not care about guests. since our room was on the side where construction work had just begin. so our window was totally blocked.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",We will never be back !,"Date :9th July 2011 We booked this hotel for just one night based on its availability and location in Central London.  Even though this Hotel is Centraly located - it has to have possibly the worst rooms we have ever stayed in. The room had space for only one person to move around - though we has asked for a family room for 4. This was supposed to be the big size. It had space for only one small suitcase, a tiny window close to the ceiling (which had no value). However, it did have a TV wall mounted. The toilet was okay.   From a cleanliness point of view, it would just about pass the mark. The elevator was so small - that we had to go down 4 times to get the luggage all up and the corridor to the room would be a protential fire hazard. It would be hard for a person and luggage…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",a good value,"Small hotel, small rooms, small breakfast room, small lift. This is not Hilton but a good value for your money. Everything is small including the bill.",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,"I've stayed in many hotels and hostels around the world, from £2 a night which had no pillows or a door, to £250 a night luxury, and on the whole you get what you pay for. BUT NOT HERE, we arrived to a small room (the kind where you can only get into the bed from 1 side, and need to climb on it so the other can walk past), but this is london, and at £55 on laterooms, this is pretty norm. But at 3:00am i woke itching. turned the light on. FULL OF BEDBUGS, literally the sheets were crawling. we put a few in a glass and took it down to reception, they ranged from pin head size to 1cm wide (these are adults, they'd been in the bed at least a month!). They moved us to a different room but said they wouldn’t do anything till morning. So we showered, twice, but all our pj's into a…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1100-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Over priced,uncaring staff,very small room,very noisy guests !","Breakfast and location a plus but that's about it! Wifi was out for 5 days and the staff really didn't seem to care!noisy guests,interrupted sleep,management need to be more aware of late check in or guests returning late! ",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Unfriendly service, and hotel is on the way down","When we came in, there were other customers complaining at the reception. We soon would learn why. Although we arrived nearly at 3pm, our rooms were not ready yet, and the receptionist declined to make a firm statement when they would be. They were also impolite to rude. In the rooms, the light in the bathroom was broken. As was the trashbin. The toiletseat was swollen up with some mold on the underside. The bed was clean and the room was small but acceptable. When trying to call the reception one evening, first they did not take up the phone, then they actually picked up the reciever just to put it down again, instead of answering. I would never visit that hotel again. With friendly staff, this would have been an OK stay, but this way, you felt unwelcome and spending your money…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Our bathroom flooded when the guests in the room above us had a shower which meant we couldn't use our bathroom. This was also a fire hazard as the electrics was in the panel in the ceiling. The staff couldn't move us apparantly as there were no more rooms available (I find this hard to believe!). The staff are very unprofessional and do not care about their guests. They wouldn't give us a refund and said there was no manager available at the weekend.  The breakfast room is also a shambles. I have seen more order in a school canteen!!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for a London hotel - why is everybody complaining?,"Convenient location for the tube and transport, and for Hyde Park (we were there for a concert).  We paid £85 for the room including breakfast, which is very good value for London especially given that concerts were taking place and it was a busy weekend in the city.  We stayed in the newly refurbished wing of the hotel and our room was very modern - wooden floor, smallish flat screen TV, double bed, desk, hairdryer, tea & coffee making facilities, and a sparkling new shower room.  The bed was quite comfortable and we didn't hear any noise even though we were there the weekend of Hard Rock Calling and the hotel was very busy.  These types of hotels in Bayswater are much of a muchness - Victorian style houses that offer B&B at good value (compared with other London hotel prices).…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Typical small English London hotel,"Stayed for a 1 night business trip - main driver was rate and location. Typical small English hotel in London. Cramped and with indifferent service; breakfast was swamped and needed to wait 10min for a table - still littered with previous people's plates which were not cleared away. Printer didn't work at reception and they couldn't provide a print off of the bill - suggested I come back later to collect it! No aircon in the small room, however it provided a bed for the night and the shower was good! Good value for £160? Not sure, but what is good value for a hotel room in London now? Wouldn't go again - not that it was that bad, but there are enough hotels in London to try and find some thing better.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1105-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Try Elsewhere,"The smallest double room ever, so small the bedside tables were just wide enough for a cup! The bed was the creakiest bed in the world.No remote for the TV, reception found one for me but the batteried were flat. so had to manually operate it....only problem was that it is so high on the wall I had to stand on the bed to perform this. Tea/Coffee not replenished daily.   Placed the plug in the sink and couldnt get it out,  Electronic card key stopped working.  Fire escapes blocked with dirty laundry The rooms and corridors are so small that it gets stuffy with no air circulating. Breakfast....go either early or late as it gets very busy and more like a canteen with poor quality produce. No bar facilities. On a plus...its location to Hyde park and the tube are to be commended",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",loved it will be back,"Stayed in the queenspark hotel whilst visiting the tennis in Wimbledon. stayed in room 319 it was brand new, immacuatly clean and modern. breakfast was a choice of continental or cooked, breakfast is complimentary. staff very helpful, would reccomend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stay here -1* its terrible smallest double bed in the world,"Rubbish disgusting can't even get duvets, one pillow, cold shower",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,We have stayed at this hotel twice and each time we have found the staff friendly and very helpful. Booked a twin room each time but were given a room with three beds.  Bathroom small but adequate.  Plenty of hot water.  Buffet breakfast was ok but not really enough seating area.  Location is excellent.  Two tube stations close by.  Plenty of shops and restaurants.  Will use this hotel again.,Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel I've ever come across,"my friends & I stayed 3 nights at this hotel.  I must say that was the biggest mistake we've ever made.  Not Just the room was tiny,there were holes in the carpet. Not to expect any Air-con cos there weren't any. The receptionist was so unfriendly &rude. When we asked him for some slippers. He shouted to us as we had done something wrong:""(WHAT!!! We don't supply slippers here.""  Fair enough,but why the hotel advertise free tickets for Madam Tussaud&London Eyes for anyone booked over 2 nights if they don't mean it.  We enquired at  the reception desk about these offers,the guy said he never heard of it. Then the manager shows up and said the offers only available if you booked direct from them,but why they don't mentioned this at all on their website. I don't know about  you but…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1110-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ok to spend a night,"good location - close to the metro! rooms are tiny, bathroom is bigger then the room! :-) we had two beds, table and tiny Tv set hanging up in the ceiling. basically we did not case - we had place to sleep - all the time walking in London. Do not take it on BB basis - breakfast in awful... awful is even not the word....just round the corner there is good irish pub... better have breakfast there. In general if u are not ready to pay real fortune to stay in hotel facing hyde park and u come to london for sightseeing - then this is perfect hotel for you.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Your money is better spent elsewhere,"160 quid a night for a small hot room with no air conditioning. Think Steve McQueen in the great escape and you're not far wrong. Take a baseball glove and ball and you're good to go. Seriously, just stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget Hotel,"We were quite worried about our stay because we had read quite a lot of poor reviews, but we didn't have any problems other than having to wait for our breakfast as there aren't enough seats in the breakfast area. Our room was clean, all the facilities worked, although the shower was not easy to use. The hotel is fine if you want a budget hotel which is convenient for shopping, going to the theatre and visiting all the sites.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Night visit from a MOUSE!!!!,"I can write a lot of this hotel but there is something so nasty that anything else good or bad simply don't matter.  We had a MOUSE IN OUR ROOM!!!! He served himself with some sweets we had in the room and when I get up from the bed, he simply run away in front of my eyes!! It was a teryfing experience...  We called reception desk immediatelly (it was 1 o'clock in the night)  and the guy was  nice to change our room with another one; Anyway, AWFUL EXPERIENCE!",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not fit for purpose,"I've stayed in some 100 or so hotels all across London over the past few years, and this is only the second time I've felt compelled to record my feelings on any particular stay. My perilously small double room boasted such unique selling points as a non-functioning television, a smashed-in phone socket, buzzing electrical sockets, fixtures hanging off the walls, and zero water pressure. (The complimentary breakfast comes as scant consolation for making it through the night alive.) There are at least a dozen other hotels on the same street, most of which would provide better customer service and peace of mind - and they'd also probably give off a rather less obvious stench of owners having redesigned their building, at great haste and with no particular care, with the aim of…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1115-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",One Star...Because Zero Isn't An Option. NEVER stay here.,"Stayed here on May 14th with my husband. Disaster from the start. Completely disgusted and would never stay here again nor would I recommend it to friends unless they had a demolition licence.  Check-in is stated as 2pm. We actually arrived early and called in to see where the hotel was, and was told to return at 2pm which we did. After checking in we were asked to wait, our rooms were ready at 3pm. Our room was situated on the 1st floor, and we were directed to use the back stairs to get to it. Carpets and walls were stained throughout the tiny narrow corridors, and walking past the kitchen there was a rather unpleasant smell. Traversing the corridor is made all the more fun by the obstacle course of abandoned hoovers, piles of laundry, and black refuse sacks left in random…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location  , under construction, price acceptable","Stay here during April 14-16, room and bed is clean( room 510), shower is not satisfy .Overall is okay.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location..under construction,Convenient to the tube. Within walking distance to bars and restaurants. Staff helpful. Small rooms were expected and OK with us-that's just Europe! Breakfast was adequate. Lobby/reception is under construction at time of travel. We were only in the hotel to sleep and shower so it met our needs. Kinda noisy at night with window open..recommend closing window and using earplugs!,Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, Tiny and Terible","I wanted a cheap overnight stay in London and booked this last minute. Due to the ongoing refurb on the ground floor, the reception was a tiny 3M x 3M with stairs to the first floor to catch an Elevator. The corridor was barely 4ft wide and the floor is uneven with creaky floorboards everywhere. The room was Very Small and the walls are paper thin. The rooms are in desperate need of a paint job and the carpet in my room had a large bleach stain by the shower room. The room TV only has the basic analogue channels and the picture quality was lousy. The shower room was clean and adequately sized.  The continental breakfast is a joke, Soft rolls shaped like croissants, bland sliced cheese, tinned fruit pieces and a toaster that burns bread on one side and doesn’t toast the other.…",Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, Minature rooms!","Overall not as bad as reviews suggest. Very very small rooms but it appears that all rooms have been recently updated. The bathroom was very clean although very small. Close to Bayswater and Queensway tube station. Lots of restaurants in the ara and across the road from Hyde Park.  The size of the room is the main issue here. The width of a single room was about 2 meters wide. Smaller than a shoebox If you just want a place to sleep it is probably fine. No air-conditioning. I would not recommend in summer. The windows don't open fully.   Value for money average, but all of London seems to be this way.  Location  and cleanliness are a  winner. Breakfast included toast, baked beans, croissants, scrambled eggs, coffee and juice. Not bad.",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1120-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I would consider staying here again,"Having booked last minute then reading the reviews i was dreading the stay andhave to say when they didnt have our booking on arrival things looked even worse. However, despte the booking error not being the hotels fault and them having a virtually fully booked hotel, they sorted the issue and within 20 mins we were being shown to our triple room.  Please note the ritz this is not, it is presently going through an extensive refurb and as such on 1st appearances this place is a mess but the bedroom, albeit very basic was very clean as was the shower room / toilet with a TV with freeview that worked (to my daughters delight) with a great signal. Breakfast which was included was good; you have a choice of continental with fresh fruit and the obligatory toast machine or cooked…",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid avoid avoid,"OH GOD!!  It was actually so horrific, that it was hysterical.  Firstly, we couldn't find it as there's no sign on it, it looks like an old run down hostel for the world from the outside,  Then, trying to get our bags to our rooms was terrible -  Lifts, hahaha, the bags wouldn't even fit in it was hysterical, tears coming down my face at this stage.  So we walked down the stairs with the bags, i have bigger muscles now!  The room, oh god, horrific.  Different coloured carpets, supposed to be three beds, so there was a double, and two singles, but only two pillows, when we asked for more, we were told there were no more. Shower nozzle was the hold yourself type or don't have one!!!!!!!  Not a great neighbourhood to be walking around either..AVOID!!!",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Could be nice if management cared,"During our visit renovations on the hotel check in/business area were undergoing rennovations. I can deal with that ( though, it did cause problems since I needed the business area). Lack of hot water is a HUGE issue here, it is a ongoing and current problem. Don't stay here if you like to be clean, period. Guests were given several excuses on this matter but the truth is the hotel knows this is an issue and they are not dealing with it in a timely matter. (( I will be speaking to Virgin Vacations about this!! )) The rooms were not bad, I know this isn't the Ritz and I was not expecting much to be honest. What did surprise me was that apathy of the staff..no one cares. The same  ""Don't forgot to change your clocks tonight ahead one hour "" sign was on the wall by the elevators…",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Average Hotel","I was a little concerned about staying here after reading some of the reviews, but after having stayed here was pleasantly surprised.  It's a budget hotel and you get way you pay for.  If you are expecting 5 star accomodations at a 2 star rate, you're setting yourself up for disapointment.  The size of the room is typical of a European hotel, not very big but enough space to move around.  In order to watch TV, we had to ask for a remote control from the front desk.  The breakfast room was the nicest area of the hotel, having recently been remodeled.  The breakfast was good and there was plenty of food each morning.  The elevators are small which is also typical, so not very surprising.  I fit a huge suitcase, a small carry-on suitcase and myself just fine.  The walls in our room…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not at all recommended - high price/minimum service,"I have booked a single room. The promised colour TV had no remote control, so I had to climb every time on the bed in order to reach the function buttons. With always helpful manners though, the staff did not do anything to fix the problem. Water pressure was insufficient. I could not take even a normal shower. Room heating was off, the toilet smelled, the breakfast sausage was not edible. The furnish was really a minimum, there was even no space to store the luggage.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1125-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!,"We booked this place as it seemed in a good location and was reasonably priced and it looked OK from the pictures and description on various websites I browsed before deciding.First impressions were not good, old, tatty reception, resturaunt  was closed for refurbishment which was supposed to be completed 2 weeks before we stayed. The lifts were so small you couldnt fit 2 people in with luggage so we went to the 4th floor by stairs. the corridors are so narrow that you cant pass another person with luggage without one person giving way.the whole place is grubby and tired. The "" lavish"" room we were staying in was supposed to be ""recently refurbished"" with sat TV, radio, trouser press and other stuff that wasnt there.It was pokey, grubby, the shower was useless, the bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not the Waldorf Astoria, but a simple, clean convenient place to sleep.","I was a little leery of the Queen's Park after reading the reviews, but after staying there for three nights, I really don't understand the issues people have had there.  Yes, it's small, but how much room does one need to sleep in and if you aren't asleep, why would you spend time in your hotel room when you could be out exploring London?  Yes, the floor is creaky, but this is not surprising given the age of the building.  We were not on the top floor and had people above us, and the creaking was not significant enough to bother us at all.  The hotel was undergoing renovations, when I was there mid March 2011, but this progress was not obtrusive in any way.  The hotel was clean, in a fantastic location near a tube station, restaurants and a grocery store and a huge, hot English…",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel! Can't see what the fuss is about,"I was a bit anxious about staying here after reading the awful reviews but I can't believe how wrong they were! We payed £32 to stay for one night. We found booking through their website was cheaper than last minute! So, considering it was so cheap i definitely wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. Yeah the room was quite small, but so what. Still plenty of room to change and faf about. It was really clean and the bed was nice and comfy. The breakfast (which was a bonus!) was a nice start to the day. Planned on going out for breakfast but we got the continental breakfast which was more than enough. One slight downer was that once i got in the shower and put shampoo on and shower gel on the hot water went off. So i had no choice but to continue the shower in ice cold…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not Bad for an Inexpensive Hotel...Helpful Staff, Great Location","I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel in mid February for 6 nights.  I have been in many 3 star hotels in London and this hotel is not that bad!  The room was small but clean.  The breakfast was more than ample with two croissants, an apple, yogart, orange juice, and a cereal bar.  This was delivered to the room and yes, I was informed by email prior to my arrival about this.  The location is fantastic. There are several buses that stop at the end of the street plus 2 tube stations a 5 minute walk away.  Kensington Gardens is also at the end of the street.  During my stay, I broke my shoulder while I was on a sight seeing tour.  The staff was kind, very accomodating and helpful making sure that I was well cared for during the balance of my stay there.  Yes, this is a BUDGET hotel…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Run down hotel!!!,"Stayed in the queens park for 2 nights - luckily we hadn't booked any longer! Shabby hotel in need of a good clean and revamp! Bedroom extremely small - never seen one as small in a hotel before. Bed kept moving everytime we sat up to watch the tiny television. On arrival, I had a shower only to realise the water was rising in the shower tray! Water wasn't being drained. Phoned reception, waited an hour for someone to come and fix it. Once the workman had left, went bk to the bathroom to see hairs all over the sink! Disgusting! The smell was horrible aswell. Breakfast was a joke - brown bag consisting a bruised apple, dry coissant and jam. We weren't informed of this before our stay - the breakfast area being refurbished. After out first night, I woke up itching all over which…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1130-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",absolutely appauling hotel,"arrived home last night after a 4 day break staying at the queens park hotel bayswater, booked by my children through superbreak for my 50th birthday, the hotel is in a super location ideal for all the sights but the hotel, well thats another matter,  rooms not clean you could scrape dirt off the internal side of the window frames,  the wooden toilet seat had all chips and chuncks out of it, tv did not work bed linen just about scrapped through, breakfast wa a laugh, dining room was closed so breakfast was served in your room, it arrived in a small brown paper bag and consisted of a small carton of juice, a dry croissant, jam and butter, yogurt, cereal bar and apple, with a small plastic spoon and knife no fresh tea or coffee you had to use your courtsey tray and you had to eat…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Could Be Decent.....,"I stayed in room 506 (top floor) from the 10th to 16th as part of a package from go- today.com. The room appears to have recently been refurbished. Like others, i was  interested in the reality because of the very mixed revuews this hotel has received.  First the bad: The hot water stinks. On the 16th I got into the shower at 8:20. at 8:25 the  hot water stopped and did not come back for 80 minutes! This happened two other days, but the outages weren't that long. If you're an early riser, except in very busy times you'll probably be OK.   Stuff that's not so bad: The inside of the shower is 24 inches square. To get fully clean,  I had to lean outside of the shower. To sit on the toilet, you have to actually slide yourself under the edge of the sink. This is a bathroom for the…",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, bad hotel","I stayed at this hotel last weekend and I must say that I was disappointed by the quality of the room. When I arrived there I thought that everything seemed to be fine, since the room was in my view clean and bright. The problems were the breakfast bags (eating two dry croissants isn't breakfast), the shower didn't have enough water pressure to shower under and the absence of remote control for the tv. I of course complained about this to the reception, but they couldn't be bothered about it. So I have made a formal complaint to the travel agent who booked this hotel for me, I didn't get the value that I paid for. The worst thing was that the shower didn't work, I thought it was the biggest fault a hotel can have",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",place should be bulldozed,"me and my partner stayed there this weekend for my birthday and our engagement. ... so where do we start. not with anything good to say thats for sure. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!  1) our room was no good because the shower was blocked. It took another 4 rooms before we   got one ... n that still had a dodgy shower,but it 11pm by now.   2) The place was dirty.  3) Apart from 2, the staff we not helpfull, and hardly any spoke English.  4) No phones in rooms on 5th floor so beware!  5) The water system, especially on 5th floor,was a joke. Showers worked when they wanted, the water was cold, if you were lucky to get water flow it was poor.  6) Only midgets can access the lifts - no morethan 2 at a time, and without bags!  7)Breakfast was a joke. Their was no mention on…",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London,"My husband booked a Theatre Break as a Christmas present and picked this hotel for it's location. This hotel was dirty, the room was so small you could not even walk round the bed. The bin in the bathroom had not even been emptied. We were told breakfast would be 'room service', as the breakfast room was being renovated. This consisted of a croissant, orange juice and yoghurt in a brown paper bag!! Theatre was great, a shame the Hotel tarnished what should have been a great weekend.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1135-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",hotel manager not bothered.just says take it up with agent you booked with.,IN our opinion all the negative reviews we agree with because that was our experience.When you complain he says take it up with agency you booked with they were informed of building work and should have told you.But that does not excuse the hotel because there is still no mention of building work and dining room being closed all january and possibly february on queens park hotel website,Date of stay: January 2011,2.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the Ritz but not as horrific as people say,"Before our trip I was absolutely terrified about going to this hotel. Luckily, upon arrival I was surprised. The location of the hotel is excellent, a short walk from the Queensway Station, on the central line and Bayswater on the circle and district line. Upon arrival we were able to check in early, the lobby of the hotel is nothing fancy, a bit dark and soulless. In general the reception, lobby and corridors of the hotel are in need of a refurbishment, but our bedroom was modern, clean and compact and for the price we has paid of just over £80 for two nights for both of us we could not complain.  With regards to the breakfast due to the dining area being closed the food provided wasn't horrendous, I was slightly unhappy we had not been informed of the refurb prior to our…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","disgrace, disgusting.....should be closed down!","Arrived to hotel . as soon as we entered reception area which looked like a dump/building site!!  With scabby furniture , paint peeling off walls.  We checked in,  and we were explained about having our breakfast in a bag (ridiculous) because breakfast area was been refurbished, nothing about this when we booked - very misleading.  We continued on to go and see our room, waiting for the lift, the geenral cleanliness was horrific.  dirty walls , door knobs, dirty handprints all over walls.  as we walked to the rooms the floor was even sinking!  Got tot he damp smelling room.  Dirty looking bed covers with blankets you wouldnt even use for the farm animals.  We decided to check out and explained to receptionist we are disgusted with quality of hotel.  She then replied 'ok'  , 'no…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Jan Travellers rethink your trip hotel if this one is your choice,"arrived on 11 Jan for 4 night stay, anxious as read the reviews, had an open mind .. oh boy.. first you approach the hotel to see paint peeling off the entrance door, and a filthy outdoor light, I went in, and.... more paper peeling off the walls, the doors were filthy with dirty hand marks ingrained on the door parts that they actual push on, the furniture in reception was minimal and all was dull and very run down, I am thinking dump .... we checked in to be told... the breakfast dining area is closed for January (and maybe Feb so check) their was no mention of this on the websites or booking sites, it should state this, we would not have bothered, so breakfast arrives in a bag to your door, unfit croissants wrapped in cling film and warm yoghurt, no tea or coffee...terrible,…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",not a very happy new year 2011!!!,"Started off with giving us a uncleaned room so swopped to a clean room next door. room quite small but clean and tidy although no tv control,no telephone,no hangers for wardrobe,very few sheets of toilet tissue,small bath towels,no basin plug and MAIN ISSUE:SHOWER HAD NO HOT WATER AND STOPPED AND STARTED ON ITS OWN. took half an hour to rinse down. BIGGEST COMPLAINT: thin walls and neighbours from hell next door kept tv on full volume and a live edition from them of the jeremy kyle show all night & morning..SO NO SLEEP AND HOTEL DONE NOTHING!! WHAT A GREAT START FOR NEW YEAR 2011.  ALSO FORGOT TO MENTION THE BROKEN LIFT IS NOT FIXED. THE WORKING LIFT IS VERY SMALL AND DIRTY. Did not chance the breakfast!! All of these issues after reviewing the feed backs from other HAPPY…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1140-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great for budget weekends away,"Primarily picked this hotel because of our budget. Fully expected to ""rough it"" as students, but was actually pleasantly surprised. Stayed in one of the newly refurbished rooms, and it was very pleasant. Room sizes are quite small, but has all tea/coffee making facilities, TV, and plenty of storage space. Bathroom was tidy and clean (although the door didn't close properly), and the shower was very nice. Was surprised with the room quality, it was actually very pleasant.  The best thing about this place was the location. It was located literally a minute walk from Hyde Park, and there were two tube stations (Queensway and Bayswater) located within 5 minutes walking distance. There were also plenty of local shops (a Tesco Express next to Queensway) so easy to get access to food…",Date of stay: December 2010,3.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","clean rooms, new bathrooms, unacceptable help from staff, poor breakfast","a very disappointing stay at the Queens Park Hotel, it is convenient to the tube, the concierge was not able to help with most of our requests, the desk staff could not help with placing an international call, the breakfast was minimal and not appealing.  Only one lift was in operation (and it is very small)....",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad porter staff!,"There is one member of staff who ignored me when i asked him to move my luggage, he pretended i wasn't even there. the reception staff was really nice and I understood that he couldn't do anything about it, this porter was watching Formula one instead of helping guests.  the hotel is nice, rooms are great and the situation of the hotel is fine! the breakfast is also fine and the roomservice is pretty good, to bad for some rotten apples in the basket....",Date of stay: October 2010,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel- You get what you pay for,"Stayed here last week and it is very much a budget hotel.The location is very good with Queensway tube station 5 minutes walk away.The building itself is elegant from the outside.Inside ,well  the reception area is basic but adequate and the staff very pleasant. Thereis no bar / separate lounge area.The lift situaution is as previously documented by other reviewers with one lift broken(permananly?) and one small lift working.Our room on the 5th floor was very clean and comfortable although not very spacious.Main issue was the shower which trickled in the evenings and there was no hot water at all for the first 2 mornings we stayed.The breakfast was quite adequate with bread rolls,toast and cereal.The breakfast room is  too small for all the guests staying and  there were queues…",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel - Good Location - Tiny Price = Tiny Rooms,"An excellent quiet location only moments from Hyde Park and the tube.More suited for somewhere to sleep than somewhere to spend time as rooms are small and the proverbial cat couldn't possibly be swung. The bathroom was clean with masses of hot water, however the fifth floor did run dry later in the morning. Fantastic room rates with unrestricted continental breakfast included between 0700 and 1000 hrs. although a shortage of room in the dining room may mean a ten minute wait for a table. Staff friendly and helpful although not terribly knowledgeable about London attractions or locations as not an English accent could be detected.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1145-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Run Away and DO NOT STAY!!!,"This is a last resort place.  Hey all, if you want to sleep----FORGET it!!!  There is a 8 story Youth Hostel directly across the street and they party, loudly all night..  The youth have to leave the Hostel to smoke, and guess where they go???  Directly onto the street and sidewalk in front of the Hotel...All Night Teen Party!!!  Twin room??? Ha!!  We had to basically jump over the crushed together twin beds  to get to the bathroom. The staff if friendly but we had nails and screws sticking out of our  room carpet, peeling paint and wallpaper, bare bones continental breakfast all down a seedy street .  We did not sleep for three days.",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect Hotel,fantastic location,great staff","It's a great hotel,it's not luxury hotel,but it is perfect,the rooms are great very clean,with everything you might need,the bathroom was fantastic clean and spacious.The hotel staff is fantastic,we had a concierge that explained everything about the sights and gave us tips about all London,so all in all we'll come there again next year ,because it's really really good.",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"Having just spent one night at this hotel we felt some criticisms unjustified. Considering the location (so close to numerous 'sights' in the heart of London) it was a good price. Yes, the rooms are small but well equipped. New bathroom/shower and freshly painted walls only spoilt by the carelessness of previous guests appearing to scrape their luggage along them and leaving dirty marks. Good choices for a continental breakfast. Downside undoubtedly the lift - far too small and rather ancient - and only one working. Unable to use our room safe as it had been locked by a previous guest on leaving and no-one was available on reception to unlock it for us.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No value for money,"Firstly I would like to start by saying that when I contacted  the hotel via e mail requesting a room without carpets and one with windows that open onto a road, my request was honoured. My husband and I were very disappointed with the shabbiness of the hotel reception and the fact that only one lift was working as the other lift was out of order since before 23rdJuly 2010 as a note on the 5th floor had a paper attached to the lift promising the clients that the lift will be in order by then. The only lift in operation was about one and a half feet deep by four feet wide. The room was very very clean but so small that there was a small table on one side of the bed. The room had no air condition nor a fan and the weather was quite warm in the twenties. On departure we were asked…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"Lovely hotel, the rooms are very nice, neat and new! Very friendly staff and close to the metrostation which is very nice and makes travelling easy. But you can't notice that it's close to the metrostation which is great to. I definitely would recommend this hotel!  Greetings,  Marleen from Holland",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1150-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the money... you get what you pay for!,"'I stayed there with my friends for a few days. The reception was helpful, friendly and the rooms were tidy and clean. I missed the breakfast but that didn't bother me much. Good location... Hyde Park is around the corner and I was able to walk to Oxford St. too.  Pricing was very reasonable for London.  You really get what you pay for... it's not a 5 star £300 a night hotel and so I didn't expect to get a lot of amenities.  The main thing for me was that the rooms were clean and comfortable. My only complaint is that the ""concierge"" was never there when needed.  We waited a long time until he came to help us with the tickets for a bus tour in the morning and he didn't seen very attentive when we wanted to pick up our bags either.  That really irked me... if you hate your job…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I'd stay there again.,"I stayed here while I was on a short  trip last month.   The hotel was located central to where I needed to be, which was a big plus.    The rooms were a bit on the small side, but since I wasn't there for much more than sleep, it wasn't much of a concern of mine, though if my stay had been longer it may have felt a bit too cramped.  The staff was friendly and took care of any questions that I had.  Overall, if I need to be in the area again for anything, I'd definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful on the outside, but ...","Ideally situated at less than 5 minutes walk from 2 metro stations (Bayswater/Queensway) and as regarded  from the outside a beautiful building, this hotel rapidly turns over into a very awful accommodation. The first problem you encounter is the elevator.When arriving with four persons with in total 2 medium suitcases (bags) and you have to mount to the fifth floor you might expect an elevator large enough to lift you up .There are two of them : one not functioning and the other one suited to get only  one (not claustrophobic)  person with 2 bags up to the wanted rooms. The other guests have to mount the stairs.  You arrive in your room to find out that it is very small , that the safe doesn't open and the water heater doesn't function, nor does the hairdryer. The curtains are…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"Booked through superbreak for a 2 night theatre package. Wonderful greeting at reception, helpful staff.  Small room as we would expect in central London but clean with everything we needed in it, comfy bed and an impressive shower in a newly updated en-suite bathroom. Quiet at night, although the fire alarm went off quite early in the morning but was quickly stopped and we were able to get back to sleep. Breakfast was basic but plenty of choice. Internet available. Lovely area with a park at the end of the road with nice walks into London past Kennsington Palace and Princess Diana Memorial fountain. Local shops and restraunts at the other end of the street and 2 tube lines within a 2 minute walk, location could not be better.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",budget hotel - no more than that,Room not much bigger than a shoebox (not being unkind) and extremely hot during the day. No air conditioning. Shower head came off in middle of having a shower. Hotel decor tatty  and needs total refurbishing. Bed was clean but had a broken spring (I kid you not). Continental breakfast consisted of bread rolls jam and coissants. There was a limited supply of cereals and some fruit. But there was no sliced meats or cheese which I thought was part of continental style. The guest next to our table brought her own sliced ham which she purchased from the local Spa supermarket. Did not have too much to do with staff although they seemed O.K.Only stopped one night. Restaurants in local area were good. There are some quality and value Italian restaurants and by using the tube you are…,Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1155-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","For the money and the location, I would stay there again","The location is great!  When we booked it, this was far and away the cheapest in-suite hotel in tube zone 1.  There are certain compromises you have to make when booking budget travel.  The room was small (Did I mention it was the cheapest in-suite hotel in zone 1?).  The free breakfast was a simple continental affair, no decaf available like most of Europe, but it could be filling (did I mention it was the cheapest in-suite hotel in zone 1?).  The room was clean, but the carpet and wall were stained (did I mention it was the cheapest in-suite hotel in zone 1?).  The bathroom was clean and well stocked for a budget hotel, but definitely a one person affair (did I mention it was the cheapest in-suite hotel in zone 1?).  The TV only had a few (3 or 4) channels (did I mention it…",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Really regretted staying here!  Don't do it!,We were here for 3 nights and so happy to leave.  It started off with poor desk service.  The receptionist was very off hand and disinterested.  We had to pay the full amount up front before even seeing the room.  Going up to our room we had the experience of the smallest lift ever seen.  It barely fit us with one suitcase each and not good for anyone who is slightly claustrophobic!  After leaving the lift walked through very dirty corridors with carpet that looked like it had not been cleaned for a couple of weeks.  When we got to the room which was very small it was criminally hot - it would have been over 30 degrees celcius even with the window open!  Within about 2 minutes we were in a sweat.   There was no air conditioning and after talking to reception found out that only…,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not one good word to say about this shoddy hotel,"Our hopes were high on arrival after seeing an Aston Martin and Range Rover parked outside, but soon shot down as we got inside, had to pay upfront, walk past an original Windows 95 computer and squeeze into a lift the size of a shoebox that took about 3days to go just a few floors. It was either that or use the maze of tight stairways to get there. So in no particular order, here's a list of reasons not to stay at this ""hotel"". - Tiny room  - Bedside cabinets are a plank of wood with drawers that aren't even drawers - High dryer works at 5 second intervals before needing a 5 minute breather - No air-con or hint of a breeze so hot and sticky - Windows that go out onto the fire escape (not the safest or private) - Toilet that's basically in the shower - Toilet that wouldn't stop…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",NO ONE WANTS TO BE MANAGER,Had a Weekend stay at the Queens Hotel and on the last night our groundfloor room was broken into. The hotel staff were of no help at all and kept telling us it would be passed onto the manager. We asked for the Police to be involved but knew little could be done by them although they were very helpful .We had to ask to be moved to another room for our last night. Next morning before we left we expected to meet the Hotel Manager only to be told he was again unavailable. Since arriving home I have contacted the hotel by phone and e:mail but I'm just wasting my time. The break-in was caused by a door in our room leading to the street not being secured.,Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","worst hotel, stay away",probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Should have known from the check in when I had to pay amount on arrival!. Unable to share the lift with my wife as the lift only holds one person. Room was not made up at 1530 when we arrived. After complaining we were moved to another room. Room barely fitted a small double....no air con so had to keep window open all night. Could not sleep through noise in the road....Room was dirty. Towels in bathroom were old and the size to tea towels!. Breakfast was grim to say the least. Could not wait check....hang on...you didnt need to check out as they take you money when you arrive!. Please stay away unless you like sleeping in the pits.,Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1160-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel avoid!!!!,"We arrived at our very small rooms,the heat was unbearable with no air con or vans we went out as soon as we had dropped bags off.The Shower leeked all over the floor,After many trips to the reception, they could not care less and was very rude!!!, My friends stayed in two other room all with heating issues,broken tiles on shower,cracked window repaired with tape,burn marks,dirty wallls,safe that didnt work.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't risk your family's health!,"I was booked into this hotel by First Choice a TUI company acting for Superbreak and had no reason to expect it to be other than a clean and reasonable hotel as we were given thisl advice by a ""reputable"" travel organisation. On the eve of our visit I read the reviews whilst looking up the location in order to find out how to get there. I immediately booked an alternative hotel as I did not want to put our health at risk by staying there. I contacted Superbreak asking them to cancel my booking and  refund my hotel bill. On my return I also contacted First Choice. Neither organisation has replied to my e-mails. They have not even attempted  to refute the claims on Tripadvisor, leaving me with the only view that as long as they have your money they do not care where they locate…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Average, management advice poor, fire alarms go off 24/7, good position","The hotel  is being refurbished, the lifts need maintenance and the room was small but OK. The main concern is the poor management advice and the arrogance of the hotel manager. If you stay here make sure you understand the advice you are getting. Their financial return is more important than your satisfaction.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",If you value your health and well being STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!,"I came home with scabies from this hotel.  It is disgusting and I will NEVER stay here again.  DO NOT believe the pictures that you see on the internet.  The rooms do not look like that.  They are dirty, with stains on the bedding and obviously bugs.   The beds are not beds but movable cots that are so horrible that I had a back ache the entire 10 days of the hotel.  As of that was not bad enough, the street outside was horribly loud all night long.  Every night I was woken up at least 3 times.  The lift is hazardous and yet I had to use it to get my luggage up the 4 flights of stairs.  I never knew if I was going to make it once those doors closed.  In addition to that, the food was disgusting- nothing fresh and dirty dishes.  The only good things I can say about this hotel are…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Bad idea!,This hotel is so basic! The rooms are tiny and offer nothing.. Extremely bad value for money! Stay well clear of this hotel as it fails even the most basic health and safety requirements..,Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1165-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","horrible, worst experience ever!","Avoid at all costs!  Accommodations are disgusting, strange stains on carpet, walls in unit and also in elevator!  I constantly felt like things were crawling on me while sleeping in the bed.  Two days later i broke out in a rash.  Rooms are TINY, one single bed took up 2/3's of the room.  Walls are paper thin, so don't expect any privacy.  So thin you can hear guests from across the hall!  Constant disruptions, rude Englishman barging in rooms, and slamming doors behind, fire alarm going off, construction inside and outside, clueless employees, continental breakfast is anything but continental.  This place is a complete JOKE!  And for comparable hotels in the same price range, you can find MUCH better!  You have been warned!  Even if you don't mind sleep in at a filthy place,…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Free MOUSE with Visit,"Lots of the reviews we can relate to..Dirty carpets, random fire alarm, dis-interestest staff, small lift, noise from the street, but I reckon I can trumph them all. We had a MOIUSE in our room (311) on our first night!!  Obviously, he was not impressed by the 'continental' breakfast because he went for our bag of mini eggs and had a good munch. Found a massive (by mouse standards) hole in the wall in the morning. Told staff...didn't even ask our room number. Bunged the hole with tissue as the hotel made no attempt to fill it.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Discusting,"Booked 2 nights in the hotel and the minute we got there it was awful, we complained to who we booked the break through and the moved us to another hotel for our 2nd night but we had to stay for the first night. It was so bad, i had never stayed anywhere as bad before it is like a youth hostel, room was dirty, on a complete slope, carpet patched up, walls filthy with holes in them, you couldnt walk round the bed as it was pushed up against the wall the room was sooooo small corridors were tiny The lift was tiny one person at a time if you have a suitcase, the carpet was covered in chewing gum, writing all over the door. It was so bad. Would NEVER stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","disgusting, dirty, smelly, small, false advertisement","Service was terrible staff didnt understand what we were saying and very unhelpful. On arrival we found the lift was tiny, only one person could use at a time. After walk up 3 flights of stairs with our luggage we discover we were given a different room from the one we ordered. Eventually managed to get a triple room, which was small. The sheets had blood on, the mattresses were stained and ripped, the pillows were stained, curtains were hanging off the rails and in the tiny bathroom the curtain didnt even cover the whole window so people could see in. The room had not been dusted for a long time as there was dirt and dust in the window sill and on top of the lamps on the wall. There is no bar as advertised, no lounge, and breakfast was awful with no advertisement of the cooked…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disappointment!!,"My wife booked this ""hotel"" as a suprise 60th birthday treat. What a let down! Dirty, unkempt reception with tape indicating steps. Staff unable to maintain eye contact and a very small room to sleep in. Thank be that we were so tired we couldn't care. Breakfast was mayhem, lift a terrifying experience for anyone slightly claustrophobic. In fact we envied the people opposite in their bunk bed hostels. (lots of hostels in vicinity, gave a wonderful bachanalian slant to our stay). Don't go wanting a pleasant experience.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1170-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",More like a youth hostel!!!,"Well what can I say! Tiny lift with writing all over the inside of it, Carpets stained and lifting, Walls scraped and peeling, toilet didn't flush, no remote control, no bar, breakfast was poor, basically ive stayed in better backpackers!!! I know you get what you pay for, but when you pay for something you expect things to be clean and in reasonable condition!!! This should be a 1* rated hotel/youth hostel!!! The only good thing was the location.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",just one word.....appauling!,"Positives first...the hotel is a few minutes walk from the Bayswater tube station. That's it for the positives i'm afraid.   Tiny lift, peeling wall paper and paint throughout hotel. Tiny room, smaller than tiny bathroom with mould as an extra! Stains on carpet, bed very uncomfortable. The room absolutely stunk and we found that the smell was coming from a blanket in the wardrobe! We had to remove the blanket from the room, this wasn't difficult as there was a pile of junk in the corner outsside the room, my partner was gagging from the smell when she moved the blanket!  Staff not helpful. Asked for an extra pillow which never arrived.   Breakfast was dreadful. Fruit salad looked like they had been there for days and had been mashed! Fruit juice tasted like it had cordial and…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for the purpose,"Stayed for 2 nights B&B on a package break in London.Hotel has a good position for sightseeing  (about 100 metres from Hyde Park & 5 mins walk to Bayeswater or Queensway underground stations) Reception was efficient & quick.This hotel is being refurbished (and needs it)Our room had been refurbished, although it was very small but clean & was ok for our requirements.There is no Bar in the hotel & the restaurant was closed.You had to que for breakfast which was continental but no meat,cheese etc.I believe cooked breakfast was available for a price but it wasn't made known anywhere.Overall, adequate for a short sightseeing trip if you only need a bed for the night.",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere,"They can take a reservation but don't know how to hold it.  Booked 3 twins, got 3 doubles.  Had to fight to get one changed.  Fire alarm went off at random times 4 out of the 6 days we were there.  Elevators worked one day.  The one person elevator worked 5 days out of 6 serving 5 floors.  Peeling wallpaper, etc.  good location and okay breakfast but otherwise beware.",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","If you have a choice, don't stay here :o(","I arranged a 2-night break through TC which we have been on before and had a fantastic stay in a top notch hotel......expecting the same quality this time.  Oh dear.  How wrong could I be!  We arrived at 1 o'clock and were told our room would be ready between 2 and 3pm which is fine, they looked after our bags while we went for a wander.  On returning later and getting to our room (a shoe-box), after 5 mins, we were horrified to realise that the lift shaft was 'in' the room ie - the lift shaft was behind plasterboard 18"" away from the bed.  Shoes back on and toiletries re-packed, we headed back down to reception to request another room.  The second room was an improvement both in terms of size and position in the building.  We were kept awake most of the night thanks to…",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1175-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",BASIC HOTEL...VERY GOOD LOCATION,"The hotel room was fairly basic but had everything you would expect ie) tv,hairdryer,kettle. Room was ok size, suitable for a few nights. Continental breakfast was disappointing as you get toast,croissants, cereal, tea or coffee, so not really continental. Location of hotel was good as you were close to local shops & restaurants & 2 tube stations, didn't take long to travel to see the sights in the centre of London.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Lot better than the reviews we had read before we went,"After seeing the reviews we were dreading going in this hotel,After catchin the train to Euston and jumpin on the tube to queensway we had about a 2 minute walk to get to the hotel,We arrived early but were able to leave our cases while we went to get something to eat.The room should of been ready at 2.00 but they were still cleanin so it was about 3.00.This is the only problem we came across.The room was satisfactory very clean,the bed was very comfortable the shower was very good.We had to wait about 2 minutes to be seated for breakfast once we were seated there was plenty of food and drinks.People must realise this is not a 5 star hotel you pay for what you get,and what you pay for this hotel you couldnt expect anymore.And also you do not have to vacate your rooms until 12.00…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",BASIC BUT CLEAN,"After having read other reviews my friend and I were somewhat apprehensive about this hotel but out fears were groundless.  Yes, the photos look much better than the acutal place but having said that the rooms were clean and basic. The room was small but as we were only using it for sleeping it didn't really matter. The bedding was clean and fresh and, to our surprise, the rooms were cleaned while we were out even though we were only there for 2 nights. We had no bother with noise from other residents - maybe we were just lucky !! The lifts were small but we managed luckily neither of us are overweight. lol ! The hotel is situated about a 30 minute walk from Oxford St so not too bad. The Concierge, Robert, was very helpful and friendly. At the end of the day this is a cheap ,…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",good location but disappointing room,"good location for tube station and quiet area .Staff pretty friendly but i was quite dissapointed when i saw the room it was dreary with small window that didnt open an half hung curtains ,we had no chair,sink plug, an no remote for a wee old tv . Beds just ok but just one flat pillow ,wardrobe didnt close an omg paper thin walls, hallway very dusty our room was clean tho,an bathroom looked pretty new .I didnt spend alot of time in the room but i would  return to any hotel i ever stayed in but not this one, it wouldnt be a treat  .",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No thrills budget hotel,"We got booked in at this hotel as part of a package to London and having read through the reviews prior to going we really weren't looking forward to it. However, we knew we'd be out during the day and we'd literally just be using the hotel as a place to sleep so as long as the place was clean that's all we were really looking for.  Check-in was swift with a pre-authorisation of a credit card or £20 cash to be left as a deposit (we opted for the cash option). Reception staff all spoke very good English and had a good knowledge of the area. As others have mentioned the 2 lifts in the hotel are small, one of them only just big enough for 2 people without luggage.  Our room was on the third floor (308), thankfully one of the ones that had (recently?) been refurbished. The room was…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1180-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",To call it a dump would be an insult to that word.,"Tiny Lift, peeling paint and wallpaper everywhere. tiny room. Tiny bathroom. Tiny mouse run around floor 5. Stains on sheets.  Stains on carpet in room.  Could not turn off radiator in room. Had to climb over wife to move around room. More could be said but I think that this was enough.  We walked out and got another hotel within 1 hour of checking into this dump.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",This must be the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in.,My friend and I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. The room was tiny and did not have a bedside light. The kettle base was held together with.....wait for it.......cardboard and sellotape!  I kid you not. Old blankets on the bed. Reception seen better days. Breakfast was plentiful but don't get the tea. The bathroom was the best feature being clean and modern. Staff indiferrent. Good location though. Dog outside barked most of the night. Truly? Forget it!,Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,"Peeling paint, peeling wall paper, rodent trap under bedside cabinet, dirty lift, rabbit warren of a hotel, blankets you wouldn't even put your dog on.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as I expected,"After reading previous reviews, I was a bit apprehensive.  The hotel looks great on the internet, and I would say it was good value for money, it didnt really live up to the web site.  We arrived at 3.45pm, after a 6 hour train journey from the north east of Scotland, We checked in and were told to wait in reception while the receptionist travelled up staird to the room to see if it was ready !!! First of all, I would expect my room to be ready for me at 3.45, and secondly I would not expect the receptionist to have to go to the room to check, surely they have a system in place where they know when the rooms are ready.  He returned a few minutes later to tell us that the room would be another 15 minutes and could we just wait, he obviously could tell I was unhappy, and offered…",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, with no frills.","Worst night's sleep ever, lots of streets noise even with windows closed. Bed old and sloped to one side, bedding didn't fit. Poor budget hotel.",None,3.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1185-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely shocking!!!,My girlfriend and I travelled to London for some sightseeing and to see some shows. We booked this hotel as part of a theatre break and all we can say is that on the whole our trip to london was great but the hotel left a lot to be desired.  On check-in we asked for a iron and iron board to be bought up to our rooms at which point the receptionist on duty gave us an iron (our hands were full with our luggage) and told us to get a board from the concierge desk. We maybe should have taken that as an indicator for the remainder of our stay. We went up to our room via two lifts as both of us and our luggage couldn't fit into just one lift. The one lift could hold just two people without any bags. The other was just slightly bigger. Both lifts are in desperate need of a refurb as is…,Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ok for a couple of nights but no more.,"I stayed in The Queens Park Hotel in January for two nights as me and my friend booked 'we will rock you' tickets as a cheap package deal with the hotel. It was very handy to have a the tube so close (2 minute walk) However, It would not be my first choice for a hotel in London! When we got in to the room at 10am and pulled back the curtains there was a blonde clump of hair and a red lighter. I then went on to find a fake nail on the bathroom floor and cloudy tap water when I tried to brush my teeth. When booking the hotel my friend requested a 'quiet room', we didnt really know what that would entail but we didnt what to be kept up all night with disturbances so we went for that opition. they placed us in a room next to the boiler room one side and inside building work the…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dump,"We stayed at this hotel on a theatre break booked through a seperate company. Although the staff on reception were polite and helpful this was all forgotten once we arrived in the VERY TINY room. This was situated in the basement, next to the conference room. This seriously needed redecorating and was kitted out with batterd and scratched IKEA furniture. The walls were covered in scuff marks and the window latch was broken causing a constant draft throughout the night. The curtains were hanging off the rail and the TV did not have a remote control. I was assured by the reception staff that someone from maintenance would be down to look at the window and curtains, but they didn't materialise. However, despite the disgusting state of the room, the hotel is in an excellent location…",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",SMALL ROOM AT A SMALL PRICE,"Stayed at the queens park hotel london bayswater for two nights with my husband, hotel room and en suite were very small but fine for the two of us the room and en suite were very clean, breakfast was continental (crossiants, bread rolls, toast with jams and tinned fruit) I would of liked some cheese, ham and yogurt but hey like a said we didn't pay alot to stay here so cant complain hotel is close to two tube stations which I found to be of great use, london public transport was top class didn't wait any longer than 1 minute for a tube We went to sway at covent garden to eat then to see the big night comedy club which was a great night we also went to see billy eliot at victoria palace theatre whitch was the best night ever",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Accomodation was really basic (the hotel reminds me of a university dorm) but for the less than 50 pound rate that we got (breakfast included!), it was un-beatable value for the money.  Room was small but clean and hot water didn't really exist (it was lukewarm).  Location was excellent, close to 2 tube stations and 15 minutes walking from the Paddington station.  Tons of cheap restaurants around.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1190-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, scary rooms","I took my parents to London in 2008 and booked this hotel due to its nice location half a block from Hyde Park and a couple blocks from the tube. The lobby looked nice but omg, once we got to the room we were horrified. There were white stains on the carpet (don't even ask me where I think that came from) and a rusty-colored stain on one of the sheets (blood?). The beds were seriously a joke...I felt each and every spring I couldn't believe the poor bed was still in use! Must've been as old as the hotel was. I would rather have slept on the floor, but the stains....  There were broken things here and there like the toilet paper dispenser which was not a big problem since you don't really need it, but nevertheless annoying because you'd think hotels would maintain their rooms a…",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","tiny, broken and just naf!",Great location! Close to two bus stops that go to victoria station and one that goes into picadilly circus!.. and a tube station close by!..  Room was tiny!.. you had to sit on the toilet on ur side!.. Shower cold; breakfast menu - limited. found that the doors were a bit unstable.. can hear people snoring while you try to sleep!!! and hear people walking about - very noisy!!,Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",disappointed,although trip was good value we had items taken out of our room so please be careful what you leave in the room there are light finger people about,Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",OK hotel if price is OK!,"This is a budget hotel, and as such it is not too bad for London. Rooms are small - they normally are in London, but my room was modern and clean. It is time they get the blankets out and the duvets in - we are in 2009! Corridors and staircases are narrow and gives you a hostel feel. If you mget it at 50 pound per night for a room, it is better than many other alternatives in London!",Date of stay: December 2009,3.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap & Cheerfull,"Don't expect any fancy frills with this hotel, the rooms are very small but clean and you can hear all the goings on outside and if it is windy expect the curtains to blow even with the windows closed. The reception staff are very friendly and will do there best to help but as for the rest they can be quite rude. breakfast is very poor, there are bread rolls with only jam to go in it and cereal thats about it. However it is very well located and if you are only planning to sleep there and not spend any time there it is a great place to stay.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1195-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel - does not deserve the terrible reviews!,"We booked this hotel as part of a package theatre break, mainly because it was a bargain price for B&B and theatre ticket.  After then researching the hotel, and reading the reviews posted on this website, I was beginning to dread what we would find, but resigned myself to the fact that it would just be a place to ‘rest out heads’, and as long as the room was clean, for this price we paid, we would suffer it!  I don’t know what other reviewers expectations of budget hotels are, but I couldn’t have been more pleased with our findings.  On arrival the reception desk were very helpful, and provided information regarding the surrounding area (we wanted to know which tube station was nearest – opted for Queensway as this was on the Central Line, 5mins walk from the hotel).  We stayed…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",OK for somewhere to sleep while you explore.,"This hotel is very near to the Bayswater Underground Line, which means it is great for being able to explore London.  However, the rooms are very small, as are the lifts, so if like me you don't like small spaces, it's not for you.  If you're hoping to spend time actually in the hotel, then again, I wouldn't recommend it.  In relation to the Breakfast, it's a very basic continental affair - toast, cornflakes/rice crispies, criossant and tinned fruit with juice and coffee - but it fills the gap.  There is a concierge who will give you information on seeing London, and there are several restaurants and shops nearby for evening meals if needs be.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",out dated faded and spring sprang thu mattress,"very outdated hotel good service at desk- very small hot room , very small lift - very narrow halls. cold breakfast- clean food service area. great location to sight see form. A coat of paint and some wallpaper- would do a world of good new bathroom although small.",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean Quiet & Comfortable,"Having read other peoples negative comments about this hotel, it was with with severe doubts that I arrived here on 31 October. My doubts were unfounded. THe room was very clean and comfortable with tea & coffee facilities plus the usual toiletries. The bathroom was spotless and the room overlooked the garden so was very little noise with the exception of a group of women who arrived back at 2 in the morning making a great deal of noise for over an hour. Their inconsiderate behaviour could not be blamed on hotel though. Yes the rooms are small but as we were only using it for somewhere to lay our heads, it was never a problem. I think the people that left the negative comments are either perpetual moaners or stayed in different hotel! Would definitely stay again",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and somewhat shabby but clean and cheap,"Hotel has seen better days and foyer has the clutter of a hostel.  Room was reasonable and clean but quite a bit of noise from the street.  Staff were civil but could not be described as helpful.  Breakfast was poor; make your own toast, tinned grapefruit, reconstituted orange juice etc. I paid about £25 pppn and as such  was ok for this price but so are many others, more centrally located and with little extras such as free wifi and more than 4 channels on portable tv.  Look elsewhere.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1200-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and tatty,"The hotel is in a good location and we hardly spent any time in the hotel which was a good thing. It is close to Hyde Park, underground and bus routes including the tour buses. It is in serious need of some decoration and updating as it is tired and tatty. The room was really small and the en suite even smaller. The breakfast was just about okay. Some of the staff were quite friendly and others not so much. The location is definitely its best quality.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Small hotel, great location, great staff","I agree with those who wonder where all the poor reviews come from. Yes, the public rooms could use redecorating and the rooms are small, but we had a very good stay in an excellent location. The staff was very courteous and helpful, the room was clean, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was remodelled and the neighborhood was quiet. We're definitely coming back on our next vist to London.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for visiting London- rooms small tho,"The hotel is great for visiting London. It is in zone 1 for the tube so tickets are cheap! Easy to get to, great value, go on the internet to get a good rate!  Our room was a triple room and it was in the basement and small for 3 people, however the bathroom was big. Even though the room was small we were not in there much, only to sleep and shower as we were out and about sight seeing in London. The breakfast was basic but ok if your just want a cuppa and toast to get ya started.  We arrived before the check in time but we were able to store our luggage which was great so we went straight out round the city. I would return but not for a lengthly stay as room was small !!",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location even though the rooms are small,"The hotel is very close to 2 tube stations and lots of shops/restaurants.  There are lots of people always walking around so it felt very safe.  The rooms are very tiny, but a good value for the money.  A small breakfast is included which was adequate.  The only bad part of the hotel are the elevators which are the smallest I have ever seen anywhere in the world.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You'd be better off in a tent in Hyde Park,"I normally stay in small, basic, budget hotels in Europe and really don't have very high expectations.  I am always pretty happy with the standard of the rooms and service.  This would have to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  The basic attention to detail and care just wasn't there.  The fire alarm went off at 3am in the morning and the staff didn't seem at all concerned.  I feared for my life.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1205-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not very clean,"I travel a lot and I'm not picky when it comes to hotels, but this place was probably one of my worst hotel experience.  I stayed there in 2 different rooms, one facing the front street was small and ok.  The second room I stayed was facing the back street, bigger but nasty.  The carpet and the bed were just so old and scary.  I felt itchy the whole night.  I'm used to talk on carpet without shoes, but there I was scared to walk around without shoes.  The bed was just too old and so uncomfortable.  Breakfast was the worst compare to all my other stays in Europe, just some bread and can fruits.  Location wise it's pretty nice, very close walk to subway station, park and lots of shopping and food around, yet it's on a very quiet street.",Date of stay: August 2008,2.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Try the hostels close by,"My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights.  When we first arrived we were handed our key and we went in search of the room which was on a mezzanine level on the first floor.  It was a bit grubby and in need of a good clean and the decoration was tatty to say the least but the bathroom was clean and as we were only there for 2 nights decided it would be ok.  That was until that night when we got back to the room and got into the twin beds.  You could feel every spring in the bed. it was rock hard and smelt fusty, and the pillow was flat.  I tried unsuccessfully to get comfortable and in the end decided that I would ask for a move to another room.  ""There were no spare rooms"", ""there were not staff to move us"", ""the hotel was full"", "" try in the morning"".  These were the reasons…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient,"Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. Got in early but they kept my bags until check in time, which was 2pm. It is very convenient to 2 underground stations among other things, such as an internet cafe, a pub and parks including a 5-7 walk to Notting Hill Gate.  All in all, they were good. I didn't need much of anything to run to the reception, but they were efficient enough in the times that I had to go to them. The guy at the concierge desk was very friendly, not much I can say for the receptionist, but it was a very comfortable place to stay.  Again everything is small, so the elevators/lifts can only hold no more than 2 people or  small children :-)  Breakfast was the general, coffee,tea,juice,cereal,croissants and bread with either butter, jam, jelly",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, but cosy and clean.","Me and my boyfriend stayed here for one night while we went to see Grease at Piccadilly Theatre. The Hotel wasn't posh, but it was clean and decent. I had read some reviews of it on here and was worrying, but it's honestly not as bad as everyone makes out. I can't remember what room number we stayed in, but I think it was 110. It was close to two tube stations, so couldnt really ask for more. Breakfast was ok, boyfriend didnt eat anything though!",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","queens park hotel, 48 queensborough terrace, bayswater, london w2","stayed here for a weekend with  friends never again! Upon arrival there were four guests at the reception voicing loud complaints about their rooms. We arrived at 11am and were told we could not check in till two 'o'  clock. Eventually when we did check in we were given room 108, which was absolutely filthy. The wallaper was peeling off the walls, ceiling was black with damp, filthy curtains, carpet, and dirty blankets on the bed! The bathroom had been cleaned though, but the overpowering smell of bleach made our eyes water. The bath was ancient, and was so high I nearly needed a forklift truck to get into it. No plugs for the bath or handbasin, so no choices, had to use the stoneage shower which was over the bath and kept falling off the wall! Upon complaining to reception…",None,1.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1210-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",cheap & cheerful,"They say in this world you get what you pay for, well this hotel typifies this, as a last minute break we booked up this hotel to fit with our budget. you get exactly what it says on the brochure, clean, tidy & cheerful, please don't expect the ritz treatment in what really is a 2* hotel, that is my take on it.  would I stay there again, yes, but only when booking last minute cheapy.......",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely Fine,"We had a newly refurbished room on the 3rd floor - very clean, comfortable and quiet.  Very basic hotel, but good location, staff were polite and we had very good value for money.",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, safe, and EXTREMELY Convenient, but no frills","I was so nervous after reading the reviews on this site, I actually considered cancelling but at such a late time I couldn't find anything remotely similar in price. My fears were quickly reduced after checking in. The room was small (similar to cruise cabins I've stayed in), but the bed was moderately comfortable (not luxurious, but not uncomfortable at all) the bathroom was spotless--I'd be lucky if my own bathroom at home looked like that all the time. Staff was friendly and helpful with all things I needed, even went out of their way to help me make overseas calls and use the in room safe. The tube stations were a quick (less than five minute) walk away and led to three different lines, so the location could not be beat, especially since Hyde Park and the Round Pond,…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",PICTURES ARE NOT WHAT THEY SEEM,"This is the worst hotel i've stayed in. The pictures looked great, modern, clean well maintained. It was certainly not any of the above. The hotel is in need of some serious maintenance. The wallpaper is falling off in almost all the hallways and rooms, the bathroom had fungus growing on it, the window curtain had mould, there was gum on the carpet, the room never got cleaned the whole time we were there, there was a female maid who used bed linen to lay on in the hallway during the day, breakfast consisted of bread and jam, cereal and milk, coffee and water. I HAVE NEVER WRITTEN A REVIEW BEOFRE, BAD OR GOOD, SO I SUGGEST YOU FOLLOW MY ADVICE DON'T STAY HERE IF YOU LIKE A HALF DECENT HOTEL. YOU'RE BETTER OF STAYING IN A HOSTEL THAN STAYING AT THIS HOTEL.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",EEEEK!,Maybe i'm geting old but I did not enjoy this place!  The other half booked in the day before and they had double booked so he was given what i can only call the staff room / bed store in the basement! he didn't complain (i would have hit the roof!) four beds cramped in to a room no space for moving ok for a stag night i suppose But not happy but i did sleep well! I stayed the next night in Epping SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much nicer hotel and breakfast was help yerself if you can find a table spare! basic beyond belief!,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1215-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, but clean in a great location","This hotel is great value for money and it was busy everday of our 4 day stay so I'm not the only one to think this.  Our room was tiny but there is so much to do in London that we were barely in the room at all, however it was very clean and even had a tv for catching up on the weather reports.  The hotel is located 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube and the bus was 2 mins outside the door and took you straight into Picadilly Circus and Oxford Street.  The hotel is just across the road from Kensington Park great for an early morning stroll. The only downside we found about the hotel was that most of the staff were foreign and didn't have a lot of local knowledge to advise us on buses, sightseeing, etc but we managed to figure things out by ourselves ok.",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother - cheap but miserable hotel,"It was a couple of years since we stayed here, but seemingly from the other reviews this hotel is still as bad as it was.  The room we stayed in was old, tatty and unattractive. The whole room just felt grubby and dingy. The shower room was awful - peeling wallpaper and damp walls.   The breakfast was awful - you had to go down into the dining room and help yourself from the meagre selection of  white bread and jam and cheap ham and cheese. You had to queue to use the one toaster and when the few plates on the side had gone and we stuck our head in the kitchen to ask for another, the girl grumpily pointed to the just washed ones on the side of the sink and made us dry them ourselves! After the first day we preferred to eat breakfast in a cafe.   I know this hotel is cheap, but…",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The lousiest hotel I ever stayed in London,"This is the lousiest hotel I ever stayed in London! Durty, noisy, rooms are small you can hardly move when two persons are in it, doors are slammings, beds are with springs which enter into your body at night, bedsheets are durty not talking about the blankets!   You can hear your neighboor snooring or can follow his TV programme... Moreover, you have to pay after staying 3 nights in the hotel for them to keep your luggages into a safe place! Really the worst of the worst!",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fine cant complain,"After reading the reviews i was really worried about staying in this hotel,i was pleasantly surprised when we arrived its very close to the underground and very central.Our room was clean with fresh towels and bed clothes everyday,For the price we paid i think we got a great deal i would stay there again no bother.",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Its not as bad as it looks,"The reception staff were efficient and booking in went very smoothly. I stayed in room 111 and yes the room is small and stuffy with bars on the window but the room was clean and well presented. The bathroom and shower cubicle were small, especially if you are a big gent  but I found the bathroom presentable and adequate. I  read the previous rewiews and I nearly cancelled this hotel and booked another one for my threater break but ITS NOT THAT BAD My only negative comment is no bar and they can't make tea!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1220-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly surprised,"We booked mid week superbreak for 3 nights. We were not expecting too much from this hotel after reading the reviews but we were very happy with everything. Clean beds ,clean bathroom towels etc. If your very picky under the beds could have been hoovered better.  Breakfast, you just grab a table and help yourself to the usual coffee ,tea, tinned fruit, cereal, toast and croisant.  Breakfast staff not interactive at all. We were an floors 1 and 2 so used the stairs and think we were lucky to have quiet neighbours or none at all. Over all good location, comfortable if small rooms and would certainly book again.  Reception staff helpfull.",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Acceptable,"I am very glad I didn't read the previous reviews before visiting this hotel. A friend and I were booked in on a mid-week Superbreak visit so had no choice of hotel. The hotel was very conveniently situated, easy walking distance from Queensway Tube Station and although we were a bit worried about roadworks being carried on along the length of Queensborough Terrace (replacing water mains) and scaffolding around a nearby residence, we heard absolutely no noise from either of these until nearly 9am.    The hotel is also within walking distance of Kensington Gardens, the Serpentine and Hyde Park and an easy bus ride (you can use your Oyster card on the buses) from Marble Arch and Oxford Street.  Queensway Tube Station is convenient to link to most London tourist areas and there are…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Believe the bad reviews; so true.,"We were in London for six days and this hotel was the only bad thing about the entire trip.  We stayed out as late as we can so we won't have to deal much with the hotel room.  We stayed on the 4th floor.  There are two lifts/elevators, one can fit two people with small luggage and the other lift is a lot smaller.  We took the stairs most of the time because the lift runs very slow.  The elevator carpeting needs to be replaced, it was very dirty.  The carpeting in the entire floor and rooms need to be replaced as well.  We can hear the noise from the hallway and every time someone walked by, we can hear the hallway floor creak; the floor in our room creaks as well. The room we were given was very tiny, we can barely move about.  We had to take turns getting ready in the…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Okay hotel,"After reading some of the reviews on here we were dreading arriving at the hotel and seeing our room, but luckily we've had a great experience.   The hotel's very central, it's just a short walk from the Bayswater station, and is situated in a street with multiple other hotels. We arrived before check-in and left our luggage in the hotel. They didn't have a seperate luggage room, but just left them in a room on the ground floor. After a quick walk in the neighbourhood (there's a street with lots of shops and restaurants nearby, plus a shopping mall, not to mention Hyde Park that's practically in your backyard) we returned and check-in was quick and painless. We were given room 106 at the first floor which was a double room with 2 single beds. The room was really small, the beds…",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel is dangerous STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"We checked into this hotel for a flying visit of 2 nights. We stayed 1 and that was only because we couldnt find another hotel we could afford during our first nights stay on short notice.  It takes a while to get to the hotel as its a walk from the Bayswater stop on the Underground .We arrived at the hotel early and asked if we could check in  - they said no so we asked could we drop our bags. ""Sure you can sir its £5 a bag"" Rediculous.  So off we went to sight see e.t.c when we returned we were given a room in the basement of the hotel - it had 2 windows so dirty we could hardly see out of them. They were around 10 inchs long and at the very top of the wall - similar to a prison cell.   The radiator was mounted on  a piece of wood on the wall - which fell down the morning we…",Date of stay: January 2007,1.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1225-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and not so cheerful,"Basement room very small and in desparate need of redecoation. Reception staff were friendly but not so the dining room staff. On our last day at breakfast, the chief walked through from the kitchen area in a filthy white jacket. Not what you want to see! Location was good though for the tube and  a good choice of local restaurants within easy walking distance.",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Room Burglarized,"I was to stay there from July 21st to July 28th. And I would. Until I found out that someone had broked into mine and other 4 rooms on Saturday afternoon.  After a regular stay, with no bad or good surprises - the room was tiny and a bit hot, but clean enough; the common areas were pretty narrow and in need of refurbishment, not to mention the elevators; the breakfast was tedious, with much of the same thing, and the clerk service limited, but would do -, I became stupefied when I got back from a typical full tourist day at 11:20 p.m. and found the door unlocked and loose - the rest from this point on would be totally predictable: wood and iron pieces of the door and from the door frame all spread on the carpet, my suitcase open an torn (they opened it with a knife or something…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",No frills ;-),"Booked this hotel at the last minute as needed to be in London for just one night, and seeing as the cost of the stay was within my budget decided to go for it.  The location is fine for the money and the hotel/room was clean. Was disappointed in the overall standard of the room. It was in dire need of a makeover: scuffed marks on the walls, the bathroom door had a hole in it, no bedside light, matress was worn out and only ONE bedsheet between and the matress itself (shouldn't there be a matress protector or something??). The TV remote didn't work.  I didn't complain as was only there for one night so on this occasion the hotel served its purpose... and as they say you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Extreemly happy with the Queens park hotel,"Let me start by saying i can only comment on my experience at the Queens Park hotel but in all honesty i cant complain about anything, check in was painless, greeted with a smile and nice welcome, given room 505A in the top floor facing on to the main street, the room was extreemly clean, fresh and looked as if it had been renovated within the last 6 month ample room with double bed wordrobe and vanity unit with drawer space and flat screen tv on wall, bathroom was compact but again extremely clean and no problems apart from the towel rack being a little loose ( someone used wrong raw plugs to attach it) and the shower being a little bit difficult to get right temp but a few mins fiddling about got it right, breakfast as already stated is basic but very plentifull ( no…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",This place is absolutly fine,"We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in feb. When we booked i was nervous at what we would find because of all the bad reviews. But i can honestly say it was fine. We had a double room which was tiny but it was clean with an on-suite. Booking direct through the hotel web-site we only paid £40 per night including breakfast. The Breakfast was basic with cereals, croissants, toast, tea, coffee and juice it was all fine. The location was brilliant very close to tube and right next to hyde park. I would definatley stay there again and would recommend it to friends. I think some of the reviews are a bit harsh as its only a 2 star and for £40 you can't expect the ritz.",Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1230-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book - worst we've seen .... ever,"Having booked a short break for a Birthday, we were excited to arrive in the big smoke.  Needless to say our excitment turned to disgust and disappointment from the moment the taxi stopped outside the hotel.  My advice would be to stay well away, do not book and definately do not trust their web pages, the photos are clearly of some age.  The rooms were dirty, small with drawer fronts missing and the single wardrobe in a triple room would not even close.  There was damp staining to the ceilings and walls, mildew to the windows and the bathroom could have kept the most budding scientists busy for weeks. We were offered an alternative, in the basement and uncleaned.  The bin hadn't even been empied.  If I could rate this 0/5 I would.  We booked into the Marriot in Maidavale, which…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","""Look kids--Big Ben!  Parliament!""","My husband I traveled to London for our honeymoon.  Being newlyweds, we didn't have much money, and we didn't want to spend all of it on the room.  We booked the trip through a travel agency, and they actually had us at a different hotel, but had to change the reservation at the last minute.  We'd seen pictures of the other place, so we knew what we were in for with that hotel, but there were no pictures of this hotel to prepare us for the shock.    The outside of the hotel was beautiful.  It was clean and freshly painted, and in a lovely area of town, convenient to the underground and walking distance to several shops.  Actually, if you've seen National Lampoon's European Vacation, you've seen the hotel.  It's under a different name, and the interior is a set, but it's the…",Date of stay: January 2008,2.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Grubby but cheap and liveable,"we paid £35 for a double ensuite, which for central london is very good. location excellent. no way a 3star, hotel is very grubby and needs updating but its not dirty. ensuite was tiny, smelled of damp. wallpaper was scuffed and abit peely in places. We just wanted a crash pad, and it was perfect for that. would stay again for a cheap budget hotel after a night out. if you are planning a nice holiday and wanted to stay here, then probably not the hotel for you. breakfast was included, didn't wake up in time to sample it though.",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Just shocking...,"I don't want to write too much as I've wasted enough of my time being in, or thinking of this sad excuse for a hotel. I have no idea what star system they work on, but 3* to me seemed to be 3 too many.  The first room we were put in was small with wall paper peeling off the wall and a damp towel on the bathroom floor. On being moved to a ""better"" room, which had a broken bin, no toilet paper and cigarette burns on the net curtains we accepted that we should stay out as long as possible that evening to avoid being in that building.  Honestly, to think we managed to stay in Hiltons for ~£70 a night to get bumped at this dump upset both me and the girlfriend.  Save your money for another month before your stay and just stay somewhere nicer. AVOID! PLEASE!",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"Shocked when we arrived, exterior looked good as in various websites but first room given was so small and dirty, no kettle and socket not fixed to wall properly.  Old tatty blankets, totally horrid and not as in photos etc........delapidated to say the least.  Lifts are extremely small and paper peeling as well as paint in halls, rooms, reception etc.  Second room offered was larger with net curtains half hanging, huge stains on carpet, broken bin and tv remote control, shower door wouldnt shut properly and all very tatty with writing on the wall, paint flaking and very dated......dirty and one looked out to see if cockroaches or fleas would appear.    Window in both rooms delapidated and whole hotel appeared dirty and tired, huge clumps of hair balls on stairways.  Didnt…",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1235-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not very nice,"I, travelling alone with my 8 and 11 year old daughters, stayed at this hotel for two nights. We ended ut in a tripleroom in the basement, with a view of some kind of storage room full of crap (why do they even bother to put a window in the room?) We could hear the underground in our room, but ok we can live with that ;) The room smelled funny when we first got there but we got used to it after a while... There were no bedlights, and being in the basement with no natural light either, in the morning it was a little adventure to walk trought the room to switch on the lamps.  The breakfast was very poor, basically coffée, tea, juice and toast with jam. I have been to London several times and are usually not so picky but this is a place where I would never stay again! The bathroom…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Its ok,"After booking the hotel I came across some mostly unfavourable reviews about this hotel. Seeing as there were 5 of us going to London to stay here, me my partner, child 9 years and 2 parents (60+) I was understandably very concerned for our forthcoming 2 nights stay.    Conclusion: Its a budget hotel in a great location to get around London. Cheap n cheerful! Yes, it was a bit tatty and in need of some decoration. Yes, the staff were mostly foreign but were not  rude, in our dealings at least. The bedding was clean and not a problem. One morning the hot water was off throughout the hotel, could have been a major issue for this review but it was, as promised, back on for our evening return and what a nice hot shower to have. The breakfast was fine. No bar as mentioned in an…",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Base For Enjoying London,"Staying in London on a budget is always going to mean sacrificing something.  If you don't want to spend more than £50 a night for B&B, then don't expect chocolates on the pillow or complimentary slippers. Hotels like the Queen's Park are ideal for travellers who just want somewhere clean, comfortable and handy for sights and sounds.  You're just around the corner from 2 tube stations (both on different lines) and there are bus routes galore. The breakfast is tasty and filling, and I found all the staff to be more than helpful in every respect. The rooms aren't much to write home about.  They're small, basic and just a little tired-looking.  BUT... they're also clean, with all the necessary amenities, and the shower could blast you off your feet (hot or cold!). So, all in all,…",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelievable!,"We have booked this hotel after contacting them by email.  They gave us the rates per room per night in written and we were surprised to know when we arrived that they expected us to understand rates change according to the receptionist and day of the week.  Their excuses were so childish.  The rooms were so tiny and dirty, no hot water,  you could not move, the photos on their site have nothing to do with reality.Breakfast is awful and they serve it in a dirty small room that could be ideal for their staff.  Be very carefull to get written confirmation as they will drive you mad! Never in my life has such a terrible experience.",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute dump!!,"we stayed in this hotel for a weekend. we knew it was a budget hotel before arriving, however, expected some degree of hygiene and cleanliness. the carpets and curtains were filthy. the wallpaper was peeling away from the walls. this was without doubt the worst expeinence I have ever had in any hotel anywhere in the world. the photos on the website do not represent what is on offer. this is not only my view, but that of the other people that accompanied us on our trip. we had three rooms in the hotel for the weekend and all were in the same poor condition -one even has grafitti scrawled on the bedroom walls.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1240-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the greatest,"We had been warned about how tiny rooms are in Europe so tht was no surprise but that was not the issue here. The bed was horrible, with absolutely no padding left between you and the springs. The furniture was more in the way and the layout for the room could be much better at least for the room we stayed in which was in the dungeon-like basement. The walls were super thin so the troop of school children that decided to stay next to us one night kept shutting the doors loudly and came in and out all night long. I wanted to give their chaperon a piece of my mind the next morning. The TV which looked fairly new did not work andn seemed possessed since it would turn on for two seconds and the just turn off. There were also two light bulbs that were out which could have helped…",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park Hotel,"We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for one night and to be honest it was one night too many. Our original room the window catch was broken. We were moved to another room but the rooms are tiny and the shower was more of a drip. Certainly no good  to wash in. There was major road works going on directly outside the hotel causing a lot of dust and noise but none of this was mentioned when we booked the hotel. The continental breafast was stale, cheap bread which you had to toast yourself or tinned fruit. We ended up sitting in the lobby of the hotel eating what little we could stomach as the tiny dining area was full. Not an enjoyable experience and would certainly never go back to this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not THAT bad !,"I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews here,especially as I was accompanied by my 15 year old daughter.The hotel turned out to be pretty basic but clean enough,and the staff I spoke to were pleasant and helpful.Breakfast was pretty much what it said on the tin,so no ground for complaint there either.So, it may not be the height of luxury but I for one have stayed in worse (in London) and I would probably stay here again.The best thing about the hotel is its proximity to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park.",Date of stay: August 2008,3.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Simply not good enough......,"We stayed 3 people in two rooms, but saw 3 rooms. The rooms were very, very small, in one room the 2 doors couldn't open because of the bed. Worse were the mattresses: it felt like lying on metal wires, which was excactly what we did - awfull (the staff told us that all beds were the same). My father asked for a lamp and a chair for some evening reading, but was told after asking several times: we don't have chairs in the rooms, it is not hotel policy - funny because there was a chair in the other room... The toilet papir stood on the floor and the shower hose was leaking. Our safe didn't work, the staff figured it was due to a used up battery, but it was never fixed. Breakfast was very uninspiring: two types of marmelade of the cheapest kind, no cheese, no honey, no bacon and…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Alright Place to Stay,"I got the hotel through Hotwire and was very concerned by some of the reviews here, however, the hotel was fine. It is not a luxury hotel, but was clean, color flat screen tv, bed was fine, telephone, modern private bathroom, nice armoire, very small room but not uncomfortably small, desk, coffee maker, hairdryer. Tiny lift and slightly bigger lift. Breakfast of toast, croissants, rolls, sliced fruit, orange juice, grapefruit juice, 2 kinds of cereal, coffee, milk, tea. (Wish they'd had, even a bowl of plain yogurt for some additional protein).  Great location. Get off at the Queesnway tube stop, walk towards Kennsington Gardens, turn left, 2 blocks to Queensborough Terrace. Hotel is on the far side of the street. Very reasonable for a safe place in this great location. Probably…",Date of stay: August 2008,3.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1245-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It was just fine,"The room with twin beds was clean and comfortable.  Bathroom small but plenty big enough for one at at time.  Staff extraordinarily helpful.  We got as many towels as we wanted immediately.  Sheets were changed twice during our 6 day stay, continental breakfast was fine. Good coffee! The only noise was from the Youth Hostel across the street and they weren't that bad.  It is summer after all....It was great to be so near the Park, the Tube (2 stations), lots of restaurants and Whitbeys.  After reading so many bad reviews, I too, was prepared to move but I guess people only write letters of complaint, not praise.  I don't know what the others expected for the price, but my friend and I felt we had good value for the money.",Date of stay: July 2008,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Stay here,"Oh my word what a bag of pants  Wouldn’t let my pet sheep stay here  Don’t stay here even if your life depends on it!  Damp all over the bathroom, shower was flooded so I thought I was having a bath 2! Breakfast staff so rude & when I asked about a full English she looked at me funnyQ  Room was like a match box!  Booked late so was last place with free rooms!  Said 4 star but I wouldn’t get a 1 off me!  Robert & Lucy  From wales where the sheep live",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay at the Queen's Park Hotel!,"The Queen's Park Hotel in Bayswater, London is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my life!  On our Honeymoon, my husband and I were given a tiny room with stains all over the carpet and walls, a room door that had previously been broken into, a bathroom door that didn't shut or lock, a 10 yr. old wall hair dryer that didn't work, a desk missing part of its drawer fronts, a 10 yr. old tv that played about 8 fuzzy channels, and a remote that did not work but was held together by a bandaid!  I know it sounds exagerated and ridiculous but let me tell you...it was ridiculous and not at all exagerated.  After arguing with the hotel manager over the poor quality of his room, I was given the keys to 4 other rooms that were in worse shape than the one we originally had.  All…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",It's OK,"A friendly staff that really tries. Rooms are small as is typical for this area of London. You need to bring your own travel alarm as there is no radio/alarm in the room although the wake up service is prompt. I agree the lifts are small, one person and luggage is about it. Continental breakfast is very adequate, you may order up eggs and other hot items at additional cost, if the continental is not included in your rate. Rooms are clean, water pressure is terrific, hot hot water flows and the in room instant coffee is really good.. Despite it having 120 rooms, very quiet hotel as well as the neighborhood. Two blocks from Queensway tube stop (Central red line) and many places to eat nearby. Although lacking a bar, no problem sitting out on the stoop and having a glass of wine or…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",I stayed just long enough to book a different hotel,"When I arrived at this hotel, there was a man complaining about his room already at the reception desk. Then there was a girl complaining. I started to get the picture. I figured it couldn't be that bad, though. All I needed was a clean bed for one night.  I was given room B107. First off, I and my luggage almost didn't fit in the tiny, shabby little box of an elevator. It stopped either 6 inches too high or too low for its intended floor, before coming to a jolting stop. The ""B"" in B107 obviously stood for basement. My room was down a series of hallways with bad lighting and stagnant air. I was travelling solo, and I did not feel safe down there.  I finally found the room and went inside. No, no, no. The room was dirty and the plumbing leading away from the toilet was a…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1250-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The mouse I saw in the breakfast room gave me a heads up about what was coming..,"I saw a few photos of other hotel rooms, but I can honestly say that they had nothing to do with my own. Of course we had a private bathroom, but that's it! No clean towels, no clean sheets, no vacuuming and sometimes not even toilet paper... As I first walked into the hotel, I saw a mouse in the breakfast room...no wonder why; the vacuum cleaner remained in the hall, unused during my whole stay (5 nights).I guess a lot of guests must have seen it long before I did... Our key-cards didn't work most of the times and we had to go down all the way to the lobby to have them reprogrammed. Apart from that, lovely neighbourhood, two tube stations nearby and Hyde Park of course. If you don't mind packing your own sheets and towels, then this hotel is all right, I guess..",Date of stay: April 2008,2.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",BIG Dislike!!!,"I've read alot of the reviews and often didn't agree with all the negatives. However, i have been compelled to write a review after staying at this hotel as it was really a disgrace. I don't know how they qaulify as a hotel. We booked 4 rooms to stay in for taking part in the london marathon. My girlfriend and i, my brother and his wife, my mum and dad, and my sister,her boyfriend and son. Our room was tiny, cupboard only a single size, toilet door did not shut, shower didn't hang on, toilet had a bad smell (Not only after I'd been in it!), decor dated, and black marks all over the walls, also banged my head off the tv sticking out the wall. My brothers room was pretty much the same, siters room was nice though and it had air-con. It was like being in a different hotel. Very…",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",unbalivable stay,this hotel was not nice at all the staff was not helpful apart from one.the rooms are so small done no how u can get tow people in the double room its a tight.the view was horrible.the part on the walls was all ripped the was black an brown makes on the walls in the room. the breakfast was ok if u like toast. if u want to pay £120 for a disapointing stay then go a head but i am warning u now do not stay at this hotel!!!!!!!!!,Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad for the price; clean and safe, but tiny rooms","This place is not bad for the price; getting a decent room in central london for 35 GBP seems next to impossible - but that's exactly what I paid here. The place was clean and safe, although my single room was TINY. Don't expect big size or a nice view. it's a good place to crash for the night but nothing really beyond that.",Date of stay: April 2008,3.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"Stay away from this hotel, this is probably the best advice you can get. The rooms are very small as are the beds. You have to be very much in love to sleep in the so-called double bed. The bathroom was nice except for no hot water in the morning. Breakfast also is ok if you love toast. Some of the staff are very nice and helpfull but a few of them seems to have studied at Fawlty Towers. The hotels only real asset is its prime location close to the tube, busses and restaurants in quuensway but there are lot of better hotels only slightly more expensive in the area.",Date of stay: March 2008,2.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1255-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Can't recommend this hotel to anyone,"By far our worst hotel experience in London:  We booked this hotel after seeing pictures and description at the hotel's own website.   The room was very small and so was the bed: Actually the bed was so short that I (1m83cm) had to lie diagonal in order to bee there. No duvets were present, but one bedsheet and blanket for sharing. Amongst others, the hotel webside promised ""flat screen LCD television"" but it was some 14"" old fashion tv with only three channels and no working remote. It also promised a trousers press which were there, but it was visibly broken. Bathroom was also very small and toilet cistern was extremely slow to refill.  The continental breakfast did not contain what I would call ""a selection"" of cereals as stated on the hotel website. It contained of…",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Aweful accommodation in most ways,"-Dingy small room -Shower leaked, and sprayed water everywher - toilet seat and garbage broken - carpet had ""hills""in it from wear - TV busted - Safe didn't work - Surly aweful staff, except for one gentleman (who should be commended -- of black descent) who was exceptional - Charged for services (which was OK) but shorted me on change because, believe it or not, they didn't have any! - needs complete renovation of halls and (at least) my room I could go on, but you get the idea.",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Value,The staff at this hotel are very friendly. It is close to a couple of Tube Stations which makes traveling around the capital easy. The room was clean and tidy but very small. The breakfast was adequate but the fresh fruit is tinned fruit. The lift was clostraphobic! The area was OK. It was a good budget hotel. With small bedrooms it would benefit from an area downstairs to sit in at the end of a long day sightseeing.,Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nightmare,"first room was small,dirty & had water leaking in from room upstairs . got moved to a 2nd room which was better. our friends also had to change room only to have a £300 personal item disappear the next dayfrom his drawer. when the police got involved the item appeared at reception that night ........amazing......wont be back",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel!,"We booked this hotel through Thomsons and when we got home, we had a look on the internet for details on it. I find that almost all of the reviews on this hotel are OTT!  It is around a 5 min walk from Bayswater tube (circle line) and 7 mins from Queensway tube (central line). Entrance area is clean and easy to understand (in terms of where you check in etc). Lifts are very small, one can fit 4 people in, the other can just about manage 2 (without bags!) but better than no lift at all!   Room was an ok size, had a double bed, wardrobe, bed side cabinet and desk with chair. Bathroom was very clean with toilet, shower and basin, bathmat, hand towel and 2 bath towels.   Room came with a kettle, tea, coffee, sugar, milk, hairdryer and wall mounted flat screen TV. Room was quiet,…",Date of stay: January 2008,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1260-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What are you people talking about?!?!,"I read the reviews on here and was expecting quite the nightmare.  What I found was the opposite.  I am a single 30 something woman traveling alone to London and what I found was great.  I stayed there 8 nights.  From Christmas to New Years.   I had to pre pay too but that’s because I went through Go Today, so it’s the same as if I would have paid when I got there.  No big deal.  Speaking of paying, I thought they were going to charge me for my local incoming phone calls from my friend who I went to visit, they did not.  So it’s not like they were trying to tack anything onto my bill.  The room was small, sure, but do you expect to hang out in the room when visiting London?  It was safe and clean.  The bed was a bit lumpy but by the time I got back I was exhausted and had no…",Date of stay: December 2007,3.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy flophouse,"Booked this hotel for two friends and myself for a special birthday weekend away. We chose the hotel on the basis of the website photos and it's central location. On arrival payment was taken in advance. The room we were shown to was filthy, in the basement, with little natural light, and exceptionally small for a triple room. We complained and were shown two other basement rooms in a similar filthy condition including one onto the street with no curtains on the window and an unsatisfactory fourth floor room. The 'Hotel' is considerably run down from the impression given by the website. The manager declined to refund our money in full (retained the cost of one night for each of us) when we decided not to stay even one night, saying we could complain if we liked but it would make…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The ultimate nightmare,"My boyfriend and I book what we thought from the description and photographs on the website, was a 3 star hotel. In reality it is anything but. When we arrived we were asked for payment straight away before we even saw the ""double"" room. After we had gone through a scarily unsafe looking lift, which barely managed two people and two suitcases, we entered a tiny, smelly, stuffy corridoor which led to an even dirtier bedroom. We then returned to reception and asked for a refund, and were told we had to pay for the room for the first night. The whole place and the treatment by the reservations manager was a disgrace. The website is deceptive and obviously there is a fear that people will not stay when they see the reality of the building. I would not even call it a hotel. For your…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",sleepless in London,"I read the reviews and decided to take a chance. It was difficult to get three single beds (for three adults) in one room on relatively short notice. Location was great, and we did feel safe in our room, but that was the best I can say. There was a cigarette burn hole in my bedspread. I tried not to look too closely at my surroundings. I noticed the crude repairs done in the bathroom to repair the broken door and shower curtain rod. The refrigerator was feeble and worthless. But the worst, and the real downside, was an inability to get a decent rest. The beds were all ""broken"" and sagged in the middle, making restful sleep impossible. We averaged about four hours tops, mostly from exhaustion. The room was hot and stuffy with the window closed, but the noise from the street was…",None,2.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best you'll find...,"This hotel charges a lot of money because of its location....but it really is not worth the cost. As past reviewers have noted, there is a lot to be wary about, and although I found it alright for a short stay, I know there are better options out there.  The lifts were coffin cramped and slow, so I negoiated the badly labelled staircases, wandering around steps and floors until I got to my room. The room itself was very good - a bit cramped but I am on my own so it wasn't that bad. The bathroom had not been cleaned that well, and it was very small.   ""Breakfast"" really did live up to the name ""fast"" - the bread/fruit/cereal selection would have been a scandal were it not so laughable.   Saying all this, I really would not bad mouth the hotel too much - it is great for three tube…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1265-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't go there,"The hotel is dirty, from the front door to inside your room.  We had to chance rooms three times because the standard was so poor.  I wasn't expecting 5 star but was expecting 3 star I would only give it 1.  On the bright side the staff are friendly and do try to make things right, but you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.  There are much better hotel's in the same price bracket.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Beware,"This Hotel is nothing like their website pretends.  It is a cheap, tacky and dirty hotel well past its sell by date.  One nite in a grubby rubbish room with a bed like a board was the worst £110 I have ever spent.  The hotel would be better assigned to vagrants.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",What a disgrace,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 14th & 15th October. My advice to any potential guest is AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE, The rooms are small, poorly equipped (the beds are awful), dirty, and in our case the room was actually supplied with its own box of rodenticide. The bathroom was worse - mould on the ceiling and in the grouting around the bath/shower, broken toilet fittings, and no lock on the door! There was no bar or restaurant available, the continental breakfast was a joke, and the attitude of the duty manager was one of ""we are a three star hotel"". No you are not.",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel - even if it is cheap!,Stayed here one night on a work trip and would never do so again.  The rooms were very tatty and in need of decoration.  The floors were uneven and i didn't want to take off my shoes and walk on the carpet.  The shower was in barely working order and the TV was worse than useless.  Worst thing though was that the fire exit on the fourth floor was mostly blocked by matress and furniture from a room that was being refurbished.  We reported this to reception and it was duly noted but remained unchanged when we left the next day.  Staff were pleasant and tried to be helpful but they are working with very poor facilities.  Lots of foreign tourists were staying and i felt quite ashamed at the standard of accommodation they were being offered for the money!,Date of stay: September 2007,1.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park Hotel London a real nightmare.!!!,"Queens Park Hotel, London  48 Queensborough Terrace, Bayswater, London A real nightmare.!!! This hotel NEEDS DECORATING. Dirty rooms. Window whoch opened max 6 inches.  Bedroom: Thin pillow & very terrible beds, hard and very lumpy broken bed.  Curtains were so old and dirty.  Poor standard and wall paper and borders was peeling off.  Beaten up lampshade. Bedrooms are shabby and carpet dampish smell.  The bathroom was tiny. Hair dryer broken. The halls were narrow and hard to navigate. Very noisy from early in the morning by staff in reception.  Very small breakfast. Cornflakes and soggy toast with jam, coffee/tea and juice and fruit cocktail.  No cheese or egg. VERY basic “Continental Breakfast”. No facilities to buy food.  Confirmation promised a daily paper - receptionist…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1270-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",condemned to helll !!,"me and my partner booked this hotel from the londonhotelsite.com website, after reading it was a 3 star hotel,and described as being a 'luxury hotel' with 'comfort'  and having 'high standards' and being 'hospitable' these are the most untrue claims that this hotel can make,  when we first arrived we were given a room on the first floor which we used the 'coffin' like lifts to get to that floor, after walking down a dark stinking coridor we finaly got to our room, which was the size of a hamster cage ! we told the reception that we could not stay there, we were then given another room to look at on the 5th floor, me and my partner had to take 2 sepertae journeys in the lift to get the to that floor, they are so tiny !!  we arrived on the 5th floor which had no lights switched on…",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great price!","We (young married couple) stayed at Queens Park Hotel for 3 nights August 10-13 2007. We got dbl room on the basement floor. It was great, because we didn't need to use an elevator at all and the room wasn't hot at all, although it was August. The room is small, but VERY clean, the bathroom is VERY clean, which is the first pripority for me. There is a bath, 4 towels - 2 small & 2 big, change towels EVERY DAY. There is a private safe in the room, as well as tea & coffee faciities. The breakfast was poor, but it was enough for me for 51 pound per room per night. The staff is very friendly, very nice. You can buy tours and excursions directly from the consierge & you can also book shuttle service from the hotel to Stansted airport for only 12.5 pounds per person. I would…",Date of stay: August 2007,3.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Quite disappointed,"Booked through a website for 70gbp/night/twin room incl. breakfast. Run down since the photos were taken. Had a small room facing the street with a small bathroom, but that's nothing new for the category. There were spots on the wall carpets. The furniture was missing some small parts. TV was working, limited number of channels. There are two small (failing) elevators. The only positive point is the location. The breakfast is a joke. No meat, eggs, cheese. Nothing that requires a fridge. Everybody was looking puzzled. Never saw that poor one. Forgot to check the reviews before booking :-( Better look for a different next time.  ",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"My wife and I booked this hotel through Virgin Atlantic Vacations package. The hotel is situated in the Bayswater area on a relative quiet residentilal street. We are familiar with this area as we stayed there many times. Here, the acceptability ends. The hotel has not been well maintained at all The owners have carried the idea of ""no-fill"" and its ""budget"" rating to the extreme. On entry, the guests are greeted with a well worn-out welcoming mat which is an eyesore, and then though an always opened paint-peeled door in hideious blue. On entry, the lobby has only a few uncomfortable wooden chairs along the wall for those who need to wait for the rooms to be readied, or to picked up by shuttle services.  There is on another wall a well worn and didlipated and filthy couch which…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","stop moaning,how much did you pay!!","Went to the queens park hotel for 2 days ,myself and my husband. After reading the reviews i was dreading going to this hotel and almost  went somewhere else,but for the price we paid we decided to give it a go,thinking if it was that bad we would just go somewhere else. The first room we were shown 101,was awfull.it was tiny,with no natural light ,there was a window but this just look`d onto a fire escape,which made the room feel even darker,obviously a smoker  had used the room before we got there because the room was very heavy with the smell of smoke.The bathroom was so small if you sat on the toilet you would have touched the shower cubical with your knees,no bath. my husband went down to reception and was given ,without question another set of keys. Room 112 was much…",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1275-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Loved the free breakfast (buffet style, continental)","We are two asian male travelers in early 20s (ie university students). from Toronto and Montreal and stayed from May 7-10, 2007.  The price was really good and the location was close to Queensway station.    Liked  1) FREE Breakfast - unlimited amount of cereral with 2% partly skinned milk, croissants, toast, coffee, orange juice, jam, peaches - very good  2) Location - close to Queensway and internet cafes close by   3) Staff - very helpful and pleasant  Disliked  1) SMALL Lift - very small elevator for like 1-2 person - do not recommend to bring overly huge suitcases and will not fit - pack LIGHT ",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"I booked this hotel, at short notice, through Expedia based on the cost and their description. It was truly horrible. The description made the place seem good and mentioned cable TV, free newspapers, bar/lounge and much more - well it has none of these. The room I had was tatty and disgusting. The main fabric of the hotel could not have been redecorated or refurnished for decades - dirty carpets, peeling stained paintwork etc.  I can see that if you paid perhaps £20, it might be just about worth it but at £100 definitely not. The DIY breakfast was the only part that was just about OK.  ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value for money,"Had an excellent weekend in London and staying at the Queens Park Hotel, The room was a little small but clean with beds made and fresh towels every day.  Breakfast was very good with unlimited Toast, Cereals, Croissants, Tea, Coffee and Fruit juices. Black Lion Pub on Bayswater Road highly recommended !  We were a party of four in two rooms and we all thought the Hotel was far better than expected. At these prices anyone who whinges needs a good kick in the [----]!!!!!!!! ",Date of stay: May 2007,5.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and reasonably cheerful,"This is a no-frills, budget hotel for people who are looking for value rather than comfort.  Apart from the breakfast room, which shows signs of redecoration, the public areas and the room in which I stayed were tired and uncared-for.  Everything worked: shower, kettle, windows but the bed linen and pillows were thin.  The staff were efficient and friendly and the hotel seemed well-enough run and reasonably clean.  I would certainly stay there again for a night or two, especially on the £30 b&b tariff I booked.  I don't think that can be beaten for central London. ",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and Nice Location,"We came to stay at the Queen's Park after being transferred from the hotel down the street where we were originally booked (we arrived in London to find out that the other place was overbooked!).  It was definitely a blessing! The Queen's Park Hotel was cleaner and more modern than the other place and the staff much more pleasant (if you want to know where the other place was that we were originally booked into - and stayed for one night - please feel free to email me). The good: Clean rooms with small but servicable bathrooms. Location was great - in an interesting part of London (Bayswater) with lots of action going on two blocks over, but the street the hotel is on is very quiet and charming. The tube is close by (although one of them was out of order and we had to walk a…",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1280-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","A bargain, very pleasantly suprised indeed, thanks!!","We had been originally booked at the Bayswater but were moved on check in to the Queens park- and after paying just ?39 inc breakfast for a double room in Central London and reading reviews of the Bayswater beforehand, my wife and I were a 'lot' apprehensive!!I have to say in all honesty, firstly in terms of service, we were more than happy the entire stay, from the moment the friendly lady greeted us at the Bayswater and sorted our pre paid taxi transfer,, to checking in at the Queens Park, welcomed by genuinely corteous desk staff, getting an upgraded room without asking, to chatting about local info and football etc- no attitudes just good service...All rooms worked on key cards so there no door keys to lose/hand back either which was a relief.Yes the room was very small, no…",Date of stay: March 2007,4.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Surprise surprise....actually quite good!!!,"Okay, this review may shock a few peple who have seen the pictures of this place or stayed there....  Originally, we booked to stay at the Bayswater Inn but, as these things always go, when we arrived there we were told it was fully booked and we were going to be shifted to a partner hotel...the Queens Park Hotel. Obviously this was followed by some disappointment and we weren't particularly impressed by the room we were given...it was tiny, the TV looked like it may fall off the stand any time soon and there was no view at all, unless you like external staircases. The bathroom wasn't great either, the shower was dirty and you couldn't sit on the toilet without banging against the sink. Pretty dire really.   We went back to reception and told them, in a nice way of course, that…",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Budget hotel, good location.","Overall an adequate hotel, with good and bad points.  For the same price I would go back, if the rates increased I wouldn't.  Good points:  a.  Newly decorated room. b.  Air conditioned. c.  Location. d.  Price. e.  Friendly and accomodating staff.  Bad points:  a.  Stairwell out of action due to decorators equipment strewn about. b.  EXTREMELY small lift (less than a metre deep and just over a metre wide - I would NOT want to get stuck in there!) c.  Breakfast was a complete free for all; the toaster didnt work, the glasses and mugs ran out and were not replaced and it was very overcroweded. We abandoned it on our first day and found a really nice cafe round the corner that did a full english - ""Bayswater Cafe"".    If you do not intend to stay in your hotel for a great deal of…",Date of stay: February 2007,3.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Yet another cancellation,I can't comment on the rooms or anything at this hotel since having booked it online we were told on arrival that our room had been flooded and they couldn't accomodate us. They booked us into a hotel nearby (which incidentally was pretty aweful).  Some friends also booked this hotel and the same thing happened - except a faulty boiler was blamed this time.  Strange how often this seems to happen when you read the reviews on trip advisor don't you think? Nuff said! ,Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Clear !!!,"Too many things to describe, just dont waste your money on this shabby hovel. My daughter & I came away covered in bites. ",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1285-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, shabby hotel","This hotel was conveniently located near a Tube stop, Kensington gardens, several restaurants, an Internet cafe and a change bureau.  The staff was pleasant as well.  However, our room and common areas needed new paint and carpeting, and the bathroom tile was mismatched and old; finally, there was a rat trap near the night stand.  The hotel was not the cleanest, and the walls were very thin - we could hear everything in the next room.  This hotel was tolerable because we stayed only 2 nights.  The nightly rate was economical, but I would have rather paid a bit more for a nicer place. ",Date of stay: November 2006,2.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",enjoed the stay,"Recenty stayed in this hotel as part of a weekend break with my husband. The moment we checked in, wee were welcomed by friendly staff, courteuos concierge who took our luggage right up to the room and showed us the room. When entering the room we were satisfied with the condition, the room seemed recently refubished. The ameneties all there as advertised. The staff were extremely responsive and the housekeeping department were always good. We paid a fair price for what we had received and included breakfast which was very good. Consisted of a full continental breakfast which had a good variety. The hotel was in good condition, the staff were extremely friendly and the location was fantastic, really is in the centre of London with Hyde Park only accross the road and underground…",Date of stay: November 2006,4.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"I have just stayed at this hotel with my family over the Half Term holidays and i will not be taking them back. As soon as we walked into the reception area I was left wondering what we had let ourselves in for. The 2 lifts that are supposed to carry ""4 persons"" each do not. The larger one of the 2 only managed me, my husband and my 11yr old son and one small caseand it was a tight squeeze. The 2nd lift we could only fit myself an a small case. Our bedroom was on the 5th floor (of course), the room its self was quite large however the bed were very uncomfortable and creaked at the slightest movement which kept us awake most of the night. There was no air conditioning but as one of the windows on had one handle we had a constant draft blowing throw it. We had booked a free child…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",London trip,"I wish I could say this was the best hotel I have stayed at but that would not be true. I booked two doubles for two nights and a single for one night, on arrival we had to spend first night in basement room for 4 as the two doubles were not available, the basement room was supposed to be a superior room but in fact was anything but.   Second night had two double rooms one of which was very small, upon entering this room I thought it was a single as the bed was so small. Some of the furniture in the rooms we used was falling apart and some of the beds were very lumpy.   On arrival at the hotel one lift was out of action the other was exceedingly small. The continental breakfast was not the best meal I have ever had.   On the plus side the location was fine for our purposes, not…",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful Hotel.........,"I think the website of this hotel should be updated with proper picture of the lobby, reception and rooms etc.  It looks nothing like the website - totally misleading to bookers.  The hotel is dreadful and would never stay there again.  It should be described as a hostel not a hotel..... our family booked in before us and was given a room which can only be described as a prison cell - it had a small window at the top, broken furniture and toilet.  There was a terrible smell on the stairs leading up to the rooms and on investigating what the smell was, we found dogs muck on the stairs.  I would never recommend this hotel and will never stay there again - if it is the last hotel in London available  - would rather sleep on a park bench!  The Hotel should be closed down,…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1290-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",False and misleading advertising,"We stayed there in August 2006 and from the outset the advertising and photographs of the hotel are false and misleading. This is just slightly above a basic backpackers lodge. It has no bar as advertised, the restaurant if you can call it that does not look anything like the photos and there is no lounge. The only place to sit is next to the Concierge on a battered and broken three seater. The staff were reasonably friendly, the rooms totally  over rated. They were tiny and cramped, our double bed was pushed against a wall that meant my wife had to climb over me to get in and out of bed. No aircondition so we had to have the window open, the noise was unbelievable. There is a set of flats/apartments opposite where the young tenants sit on the doorway yelling and talking all…",Date of stay: August 2006,1.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Locked out of our own room, twice!","Pictures of the lobby, outside, and ""restaurant"" are very misleading.  This is definitely a low budget hotel.  The restaurant is really only open for breakfast.  The staff is no way overly friendly, although we did have a very meticulous maid.  Our key card failed to let us into our room twice, the second time beacuse we were trying to get into our room 5 minutes after check-out time.  As we were on the 5th floor and the elevator trip probably takes a minute a floor, this was extremely annoying.  The shower setup was very strange- there was a ledge between the tub and the wall the shower head was on.  There was no remote for the TV and the Channel Up button on the TV, which turns it on, was missing.  The matress was absolutely disgusting.  It looked very yellow and old and was…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,"I stayed here while attending a training course in London. When I arrived my first opinion was  that it was ok as I was only staying for two nights and it would do. When I went to bed on the first night I noticed a red bug had landed on my arm, I had a look around the bed and I found several of these little bugs. I went down to reception and explained the situation in the room and asked to be moved to another room. At first the person on reception said that the hotel was full and he had no other rooms available. As there were other quests in reception at the time I used it to my advantage to demand another room or get moved to another hotel or I would let the other guests know what was in my room. All of a sudden he had a room available for me. The new room was not great but…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Queens Park Hotel is just like Blackpool Lancashire,"I have just stayed at the hotel sharing a twin room with my son, to be honest my son was paying, so the price was important. The hotel reminded me of one from Blackpool, with upgrades going on all the time. Our room was on the 4th floor, I went up in the lift once only, which only fits two people, the other lift was broken, and as I have seen from past reviews has been for a while. The stairs are very narrow and the upper floors feel clostrophobic as you climb, the floors are on a downward slope, even the mattress on our beds. But the rooms where very clean  and comfortable and for the price I was very happy. If I was a family with small children I would ask for a room on the first floor. We did not find the bar on arriving back at 10pm which was disappointing, but managed to…",Date of stay: June 2006,3.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Sometimes it's better to splurge...especially if you want to sleep well.,"I booked this hotel through Hotwire for a very low price. The location is fantastic and is within walking distance to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and, if you're up for a bit of exercise, Notting Hill. There's also a lot of shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. However, as most of the other reviews state, the hotel leaves a lot to be desired. The elevator is ridiculously small- there's barely enough room for one traveler and a suitcase. You literally can't turn around in it and it's very slow. The room was also very, very small. I requested a two person room so I was given a very small double bed. There was just enough room for two people to lay side by side without much movement. The bed was like sleeping on sawdust as were the pillows. The restaurant is non…",Date of stay: April 2006,2.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1295-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Someone broke in our room while we were sleeping!!,"Someone broke in our room while we were sleeping!!  We were robbed.  They snatched a purse and brief case.  I found the brief case in the stair well.    The staff was not helpful.  It was only at the request of the police that we were able to change rooms.  None of the doors have latches. Two good things:  Hot water readily available and a good locatiopn to the tube, bus and Hyde Park ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty shabby place- but fine for a budget,"If you are used to north american hotel standards, this is probably not the hotel for you. The decor is pretty trashy and the linens look and feel like they were purchased in the 1970's. There is peeling wallpaper and stained furniture in both the lobby and the hotel rooms themselves. Not the best place I've stayed but not totally repulsive either. Basically, you pay for what you get and in this case given the cheap price, it's no wonder that it didn't feel like I was staying in a four-star hotel. They rate themselves as being a three-star hotel but do not be fooled by this - it is really more like a glorified one-star hotel to be honest. Stay here if you need to save a buck! Elevator was out of order when we arrived, but location can't be beat. ",Date of stay: March 2006,2.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, Avoid, Avoid","Our friend from Canada arrived in England three weeks ago to spend the summer months on a working holiday here. She had booked into the Queens Park for her first few nights while she attended some interviews in London. On arriving at the hotel, she unloaded her luggage in her room and then went off to find some food after her long flight.  Returning to the room 10-15 minutes later with take-out food, she discovered the contents of her luggage strewn all over the place. A quick check revealed that her passport, work visa and cash had been stolen. Nothing else. Not even a brand new Ipod!  The hotel staff showed absolutely no interest at all. They simply claimed it wasn't their responsibility and that she should contact the police. The police are, indeed, now dealing with this…",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A greatful stay,"My stay in this hotel was great. I went with my couple on holidays and we were very happpy. The staff of the hotel were very helpful with us, but one thing was that they didn't make the effort of speaking to me slowler unless they notice to be foreigner. But this is not a problem at all.  The room was clean, small but clean. Only one problem the last day, the cleaner cleaned the spoons on the bathroom and put them again inside the cups, like news!! well, it's not good for this kind of hotel... The location of the hotel was perfect, near notting hill, near the tube, a lot of shops near, resaturants... The only seriously problem that I had was that they asked me for a credit card number because it was something broken when I leave. And they return me the money 3 weeks after I came…",Date of stay: September 2005,3.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",service let's it down,"The Queens Park hotel london, having read reviews prior to our trip, we were pleasantly surprised that our room although small was clean and well laid out.  The hotel service was however non existent. The lifts were working prior to check in then mysteriously hand written notes appeared stating both were out of order. The stairs are very steep, I was grateful our room was ONLY on the 3rd and not the 5th floor. There appeared to be no visable sign of these being repaired. The complimentary newspaper was unavailable on request as was room service despite being advertised. The breakfast in the foyer looked ok however when we arrived 20 minutes prior to deadline there was an absence of hot drinks and the staff had disappeared. The location of the hotel is superb and to be fair we…",None,2.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1300-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Saved a fortune!,"Read all the other moaners- what do you expect for this kind of money? What does the room size matter whilst you sleep?  Have a couple of drinks afore bedtime and all will be fine. Yes the lift is tiny and slow, have a laugh - do the same about the bathroom.  If you are over picky about sheets and carpets - then pay 10 times more somewhere else and be happy with that.  It's a cracking location for access to this part of London, the breakfast is OK, just book one night.  Perhaps get a bottle of Champagne with the money you have saved and enjoy the day! ",Date of stay: October 2005,2.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"I made the mistake of reading the generally dreadful reviews on this hotel after booking and paying for a room. I wasn't therefore expecting anything except an argument with the hotel about the dozen unacceptable problems that I anticipated. However, for the GBP 37.50 I paid (for a hotel in an excellent London location) for a double room including breakfast, there was precious little to complain about. The room (501) was warm, clean, freshly decorated, reasonably furnished and quite spacious. Ok, the carpets in the public areas were a little threadbare and the lift (one working out of two) was fine only for anorexic midgets but, on the basis of my experience this hotel represents good value for money. Really, you can do very much worse than this for the same money or more.",Date of stay: January 2006,3.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",We left in disgust after half an hour!,"Nothing like Expedia describes it. It looks like the hotel has been abandoned!  The alarm bells rang when, upon arrival, the first thing we saw was the list of travel companies numbers on the reception desk. The second was the receptionist - he was wearing a stained waistcoat with buttons missing.  The lift made shocking noises so we struggled up several flights of narrow stairs instead, weaving through piles of dirty sheets as the rooms were being serviced (not a washing hamper in sight!).  Our tiny room was just about big enough for the double bed. The drawers were full of filth, hair and wot-nots, the wardrobe stank and the walls were smeared with - well - I don't think I want to know!  The bed was badly made with no basics like a mattress protector or a bedspread. It had a…",Date of stay: December 2005,1.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",fair enough,"A couple who stayed 2 nights. The room wasn't very big, but we were out most of the time. The heating was very discreet. Otherwise the staff was cheerful and kind. They let us in despite arriving 45 minutes in advance.  It's very close to Kensington park and via bus it's only 10 minutes from Oxford street. Got a good bargin at 65 € a night without breakfast. Wouldn't mind going back. ",Date of stay: January 2006,3.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",oh my god,"After reading the awful reviews on here still went with an open mind thinking that you can't please everyone.  - we were 2 couples with 2 double rooms but  were actually  given 1 double and a room with 3 single beds ! myself and husband got the worse deal in the double which was extreemly small with the bed shoved in the corner, dirty,freezing cold, , wet towels in bathroom (before we used them), no plug for sink, wallpaper hanging off walls - need i go on??  Had there of actually been a bar in the hotel i would of gladly sat up and drunk all night just so that i didn't have to go back to my room !!!  not sure where any of the photos on their website were took - prehaps in another hotel as it wasnt this one !  I would not reccomend this hotel to my worse enemy !!!!",Date of stay: December 2005,1.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1305-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the hotel attractions,"Only staff try to help. Hotel!! I can't give any star. No looby, no bar... If you stay single they give really a single bed and room, not possible to move. Please think 2 times. ",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare! Dont Do It!,"So I'm the traveller who looks for hotel bargain on the net. I booked this hotel online, and then checked this site for reviews. I soon realized that I had made a disasterous mistake and that I should cancel my reservation. Out of sheer stupidity, I figured I would give it chance anyways...How bad could it be?   I walked into the hotel up to the desk. The lady behind the counter was very hesitant about my reservation ""Oh, um, yes. Ahem. Your name again please"" I became very suspicious. After waiting 30 minutes at the desk, she pre-authorized my visa for any damages that might be caused to the room. Then 2 minutes later, a man behind the desk told me that my reservation was cancelled because, ""some of the rooms were flooded"". What a nightmare. Pretty sure that this hotel would…",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this place!,"I had made my reservations very early and also paid my 3 nights stay at this hotel. AFTER signing in I was informed that hotel was fully booked and we were relocated to another hotel 2 kms away. This other hotel, Guest House, was the worst place I have ever been. For two mornings we had to go to Queens park for brekfast. Later I noticed that customers who hadn't paid in advance got rooms from Queens Park with no problems. All few quests I met at the other hotel were pre-paying customers originally from Queens Park Hotel. Ok, for the last night we were able to move in to the original hotel but it really wasn't worth the while since the room was so small and dirty that we coudn't stay there at all. Manager who obviosly had had complaints like this lots before refused to give any…",Date of stay: October 2005,1.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",nightmare hotel,"dreadfull,pensioner group lifts broken,no bar no restaurant,dirty shoddy room,not at all how it is described ",Date of stay: October 2005,1.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from Hell,"After walking through the peeling front door into the foyer that smelt like an ash tray, I was asked for my credit card number in case I damaged the room!  After declining to give this and sorting out our booking which they had got all wrong, we dragged the cases into the mini lift which was soon to join it's twin in being 'out of order'. The room was a filthy cupboard with a put me up type bed pushed up against a peeling wall.  Lumpy pillows and a dirty bed cover disguised a mattress with springs pushing out.  Holes in the curtains and threadbare towels completed this bijou little room. The television was near the ceiling and impossible to watch unless you lay flat out on the bed with your back against the wall. The bathroom was tiny but clean.  The shower was simply a mixer…",Date of stay: February 2005,1.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1310-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queen should not be in the name of this hotel. There's nothin royal about it,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights and i have to say that everything that has been said about this hotel on this website is very TRUE. I will definitively not recommend for someone to stay at this hotel if the purpose of the trip is to spend time in the room and visit sites. It is purely for the traveler looking for a place to sleep and shower. additionally, three nights should be the max..the wall paper, carpet and the bed are not worth seeing more than three nights!! ... and oh yes, the bath is so small that  i could sit down on the toilet and fully brush my teeth at the same!  I give this dump two stars because of the great location with easy access to the Bayswater (circle line) tube station and vibrant neighborhood... ",Date of stay: September 2005,2.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here if you like bedbugs!!!,"Stayed a week ago and was so pleased that my room had visitors. I had awaken around 3 in the morning because something bit me. I looked on my bed and noticed that it was FILLED with bedbugs. What made the experience all the more pleasant was the management did nothing to help. The evening night manager seemed to be bothered because I woke him up, and the general manager was continually at meetings (very convenient). I would recommend you stay here if you standard for a good vacation spot is a cardboard box placed in a small alley next to a dirty river in India. But if you expect clean sheets, helpful staff, and no bugs I would take liberty in saying you should stay somewhere else. ",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay at the Queens Park Hotel,"Had a very pleasant surprise when arriving at the Queens Park Hotel. Having booked, what I thought was, a budget hotel and having spent the past ten years in different but always dingy hostels the Queens park appeared to be the Hilton.  Room was fine, apart from the horriple purple painted walls .-). Nice and clean. Bathroom in top condition. Good beds. Excellent full English breakfast.   Tiny elevators - and sloooow. Don't come here if you are a big person or bring a lot of luggage.  Friendly staff.   We paid only £ 180 for a triple bed room for 3 nights. A bargain. ",None,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Ever,"The bathroom was so small you could sit on the toilet, brush your teeth, and wash your feet in the tub at the same time. Come to think of it, you could actually sit there and take a shower at the same time since there was no shower curtain and the entire room got a soaking.  There was no where to open a suitcase unless you wanted to walk on it to get into the bed. Bed...so hard and lumpy we couldn't even relax. And the loud partying from a downstairs nightclub made sleep impossible. Yikes, I could go on, about the elevator that could only hold one suitcase, without a passenger. ",Date of stay: May 2004,1.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Pick Another Hotel,"My fiancee and I stayed at this hotel and I'd have to say, its the worst hotel I've ever been in. 1st off, the rooms are small. When I say small, I mean 100 sq.ft. if you are lucky. Then throw in a bed (might as well be a block of wood), the dresser, your luggage, and soon after you check in, you'll be looking for a new hotel. Just trust myself and many others, do not waste your money or time or ruin a good vacation with a crappy room from this hotel. Ohh yeah, did I mention the elevator that is only big enough for 1 person (2 if your super skinny) at one time? But if you do decide to not heed this warning, just print out my review and take it with you. Put it in the section of your travel-book titled (London Hotels). I want to make sure you read my review when you go looking…",Date of stay: November 2004,1.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1315-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusted,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Room very small and dirty. Bathroom likewise, had to close door to be able to turn roound. Bed and bedding very poor, matress very old with protruding springs . ""Continental Breakfast was appallling. We were met by surly staff, cornflakes or crispies, rolls or cold croissants and tinned fruit. No cheese meat  eggs or toast. Luckily we were only staying one night, as an Englishman I felt like apologising to the overseas guests.   Rack rate £150 per night, how can they justify this. I was lucky, I booked through laterooms so ""only"" paid £50. ",Date of stay: April 2004,1.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A good place to stay,"For a budget hotel,this is great value. The single rooms are small but that's OK. All clean and compact. Breakfast was super in comparison to some other budget hotels that I have stayed in. When I return to London I will  definitely stay here again.  J.WADELTON,  MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA",None,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",do not go to this hotel,on booking this hotel through expedia we thought we were getting a quality hotel. first impressions were good with nice marble floor. only then it turned into anightmare. no bar. no facilities. rude staff. small shabby room with broken tv. dirty laundry and bed clothes. bird muck on the windows. noisy cleaning staff outside room all day and night. no room service. no breakfast even though we paid for it. small lift which hardly worked. absolute nightmare. when we left hotel we went to see the manager with our complaints who conveniently was in a 'meeting'. totally ruined our stay in london...so if your going to stay in bayswater go somewhere else...not this hell pit... ,Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe everything you read!!!,"I stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for one night (18th January 2005) and can honestly say that some of the reviews on this website are unjust, although the allocation of room type may have a bearing on the reviews here.  Our room (316) was a twin on the third floor, very clean and not as small as some rooms I have stayed in previously. At night the room was a little too warm, we had the window open all night and the noise wasn’t as bad as expected. There was a strange incident when some kind of alarm sounded at exactly 3.05am, it had previously been heard at 3.05 in the afternoon, we assumed at that point that it was a fire alarm test as it wasn’t continuous… strange having it in the middle of the night though!  Staff were friendly and courteous, no problems at all, checkin/out…",Date of stay: January 2005,4.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Never go back to the Queens Park Hotel,"Well, there was plenty of hot water. Thats the compliments over.  Anyone who paid the advertised full rate for this hotel would feel well and truly shafted ! We had three rooms. In one the kettle did not work, in another the kettle would not turn off (had to unplug it). In two the radiators would not turn off/down (I mentioned this when we checked out and was met with complete indifference).  All three rooms were 'grotty', wallpaper peeling, damp spots and chipped paint. The double room on the ground floor had a mouse poison box in the corner. And to cap it all my room had bed bugs (yes, thats right, bed bugs). I'm not averse to roughing it, but when I pay hotel room prices I expect better than this. ",None,1.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1320-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Worked Out Just Fine,"We stayed at the Queens Park Hotel for six nights during Thanksgiving week 2004 and it was just fine.  Travelers need to keep in mind that it is a Victorian building, not a modern American hotel.  Rooms are small, but we were only there to sleep.  The price with our package was excellent.  I was very willing to put up with a few possible tears in the rug for the price.  The staff was very polite and helpful.  The place was clean and in an EXCELLENT location.  It's less than a block from two Tube stations and Hyde Park.  It's also two blocks from Queensway, a street loaded with delicious ethnic restaurants, (try the shwarma at the Lebonese place and Mr. Wu's Chinese buffet), an ATM, and a small grocery store.  Worked out well for us.  Hint:  rooms in the back are quiet, with no…",None,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",a slamming good time,"I can't fault the staff of the Queens Park, really. They're all quite friendly and helpful, and the room I have had (the same one for the past two years) was clean and adequate enough.    It's the guests who ruin it for me.    They should be intelligent enough to realise that a creaky Victorian building with thin walls, narrow hallways, and a hollow wooden infrastructure can carry sound quite smashingly.  I stayed six nights here, and I can honestly say that EVERY SINGLE NIGHT there was a plethora of the loudest, most inconsiderate travellers the likes of which I haven't even seen at the most modest of US motels.  The running, loud talking and yelling in the hallways, and the best part - the incessant SLAMMING of doors - all at any hour of the day or night - was enough to give…",None,2.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",....as if the nightly room rate wasnt horrid enough!!!,....the room was extremely tiny and we asked to use a fan to circulate some air.  They requested 5 pounds per night to use a fan!  The bed appeared to an oversized twin and we felt like we were sleeping inside a hostess box.  The location of the hotel was nice; close to the Tube and Hyde Park. Breakfast was horrible.  Next time we will research longer for a bit better bargain for our many pounds spent there. ,None,1.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Queens Park limitations,"The location is good, the pictures of the hotel interior in the advertising info were taken some time ago when the hotel was newly refurbished. The rooms are very cramped and decidedly tatty and quite dirty, many of the facilities don't work. We gave up- no TV  working, lightbulbs missing, leaks and cracks in the bathroom. The carpets are worn through and repaired with silver duct tape. The bedding is clean and the beds quite comfortable. The breakfasts were good. For the most part the staff were helpful, efficient and pleasant. Once it is refurbished again, I am sure it will be good, but for now, don't expect too much. Its OK if all you want is somewhere to sleep, you are out all the time and you are not too fussy about a bit (lot) of dust. You wouldn't want to spend much time…",None,2.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location- Very basic Room,"Dispite the warnings from this website, we stayed here three nights in July, 2004.  We have stayed in other London hotels like this (converted Victorians) some 20 years ago, so were not surprised at the tiny elevator (lift) or small rooms.   However, back in the 80's the rooms, at between 5 and 10 pounds sterling, per person, came with a full Brittish breakfast that would last you until dinner.  Queen's Park  breakfast was coffee, rolls, jam and a couple of choices of cereal.  For $15 US you could upgrade to a Brittish breakfast, but even it was scanty compared with what used to be offered.  Our room seemed clean and we were not aware of a lot of noise.  Maybe we are sound sleepers. A big, big plus, however, was the location. It was a half hour walk to almost anywhere in London.…",None,2.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1325-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Unacceptable Room,"This hotel was advertised as a 3-star by hotels.com. The room we got was below a 2-star. They gave us a dirty basement room with soiled bed covers and dingy interior, even when there were other rooms available. When questioned about the room and how it was not as advertised (in website photos) response was ""Only the best room is shown on the website.""  After much pressure, they gave us a better room, which was adequate at best. We will never stay here again. ",None,1.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Not so great,"I don't consider myself a picky person, but this place left a lot to be desired.  My husband and I stayed here for only the first night we arrived in London.  Maybe we were cranky from the jet lag, but here are the complaints:  staff not accomodating or helpful.  When we checked out the next morning at 5:30 am, we at first thought there was no one working at the alleged 24-hour desk, but my husband found someone asleep on the couch in the lounge-turns out that was the person we had to wake up to check us out.  Elevator-I thought the previous reviewers were exaggerating, but the elevator is ridiculous.  The two of us (physically fit young people) had one carry on each- and only one of us could fit on the elevator.  When we took the stairs, they ended at the first floor, but our…",Date of stay: June 2004,2.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",ok for people on a budget,"I stayed here for a week whilst working in London. I was pleased to find a hotel for £50/night for a double room including breakfast which was apparently 1/3 of the normal cost of £140/night (through laterooms.com). The room was extremely small. It had tea/coffee facilites. Continental breakfast consisted of croissants, jam & a choice of 2 cereals. Hot food was extra cost.  On the plus point, the location is fantastic. Not bad for people on a budget. I had no problem with noise & the place was clean & rooms daily serviced. ",None,3.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London","Never, EVER, again.  EVER.  (Did I say ever?)","We stayed at the Queens Park in London at the end of May 2004.  The good:  great location (the Bayswater area is really fun, with lots of ethnic restaurants and convenient access to two good Tube lines; laundry and drug stores right down the street, easy access to Hyde Park).  The bad:  This is the most noisy, least soundproofed hotel I have EVER stayed at.  Generally my husband and I love a good deal, and we don't mind roughing it a bit (I mean, in London, you just need basic accomodations - most of your time is spent sightseeing).  HOWEVER, this hotel was God-awful.  The floors creaked like they were about to fall through with the tiniest of steps; the walls were paper thin (we heard EVERY traveller coming home, especially the drunk ones late at night - our third night there I…",None,1.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"My advice to anyone considering staying at this hotel is Don't stay there in the summer months. Fortunately we only stayed for one night. The weather had been good & the temperature was in the 70s which made the hotel feel like a suana! The rooms were absolutely stifling.  There is no air conditioning & not even a fan in the room.  The lifts to the upper floors are the tiniest I've ever seen, the corridors are so narrow that we struggled to carry our bags without bashing into the wall.  The carpets throughout the hotel are worn, especially on the stairs.  The first room we were offered was on the first floor and was tiny & dark with a bathroom that was in desperate need of refurbishment.  We declined this room & were offered a room on the fifth floor.  This was only marginly…",Date of stay: May 2004,1.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1330-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money!!!!,"Great hotel for £33 per night including continental breakfast Did not expect the Ritz hotel facilities when paying for budget hotel Very friendly helpful staff, spotlessly clean room, room adequate size for me, as left hotel in the morning to return at night then out again Excellent value for money!!!",None,4.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Nice small hotel,"We stayed at Queens Park Hotel for 5 nights at Easter, we got one of the mezzanine rooms, rooms are small (3X3 meters), be aware that double bed was 190x125cm!!!, location is not at the center but central line underground is just 3 minuts walking from the hotel, and For those who love jogging Hyde Park is just 1 minute. Continental breakfast is just to survive... We would return there..hotel is clean and for that price is the best that you can get in London. ah!! the lift is the smaller I've ever seen in my life ",None,4.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Central location,"We stayed at the hotel from 17-23 March 2004. In many ways it is typical of the hotel you will find in Europe. Hotels in Europe unless you pay a premuim price at generally at a lower standard than a compariable USA hotel. The hotel was within 2 blocks of 2 tube stops, Kensington park was 1 block away. A quite modern multiple level shopping center was 2 blocks away. We stayed much of our time seeing sites and not staying in the hotel. I was surprise at the number of people that stayed at the hotel. Most of the lobby was painted in an apricot color contrasted with antique white so it may give some the appearance of the hotel being dirty. The room may have been repaired by less than skilled labor as the wallpaper was joined at the corner which is not normally done. The grout in the…",None,3.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"The Queen's Park was a decent hotel. The location was good, it was close to the subway and Paddington Station and just minutes from downtown attractions. The staff was polite and my room was clean. It had a safe in the room as well as a hair dryer which was handy. My only complaints were that the upper mattress on the bed was not particularly comfortable. It was old and needed either a padded cover or to be replaced. The elevator was also very small and old and I didn't feel comfortable in it as it did get stuck once. I want to note that the rooms are very small and don't have air conditioning (didn't need it) or cable TV like hotels in North America but if you want a no frills, inexpensive hotel in a good location, this could be for you. I would stay there again.",None,3.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",VERY GOOD!,"I write in reference to my stay at The Queens Park Hotel, London. I stayed with my wife and three kids in January 04 and my family and I loved it. The staff are friendly, the breakfast was good, the rooms were clean and the whole ambience of the hotel did meet our expectations. This hotel does live up to its mission statement of ""...providing the highest standards of service and hospitality, with the comfort and facilities you would expect of a modern luxury hotel"" I can reccommend this hotel to anyone seeking to stay right opposite the Hyde Park and looking for best possible rates! My family and I make regular trips to London and I can say that I will not have to worry about which hotel I stay at, as we have been very satisfied with The Queens Park Hotel.",None,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1335-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",loved it!,"My husaband and I stayed in February 2004,I must say that I was very satisfied with the level of service, cleanliness and great hospitality received. I sure can recommed this hotel to any travellor looking for great bargain rates at a great location! I have read the other reviews and in all fairness, I do not agree with the negative comments. I shall certainly stay here again!",None,5.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"My husband, son and myself, as well as my in-laws stayed (almost) at the Queen's Park Hotel in November of 2003. We arrived at the hotel and checked in. I had read some reviews so I was prepared for the tiny lifts. I was not prepared for the extremely split-level architecture, which I know is typical of London hotels, which was okay except that my mother-in-law has had both knees replaced and the stairs were extremely difficult for her. Our room was confirmed as a triple, meaning it was supposed to have 3 twin beds but it ended up having a double and a roll-away twin - that was broken. The bathroom was dirty and the room was tiny with virtually no space for people, let alone people and their luggage. We switched hotels (we went to the Hilton Olympia) at 10:30 in the evening on…",None,1.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",a little sordid,"Stayed last weekend; very dissappointing all round except for the location of the hotel...but you really don't want to go to the room.  Must have had the same room as other reviewer Christopher: the worst thing was the old spring bed and the absence of a mattress cover: just a thin heet between me and the old mattress!! enough said. The brochure description of the hotel (superbly comfortable rooms) may have been true 30 years ago: today's rooms are the same ones without maintenance.  If you can afford an extra 10 bucks, stay somewhere else.",None,1.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",DISAPPOINTED (AGAIN!),"I stayed here last summer with my husband and 3 children. We only stayed one night thank goodness as the rooms we were allocated were disappointing to say the least. The check-in was a nightmare. The staff can't speak the language properly and don't seem to know what they're doing. However, I am always disappointed with London hotels. I feel like I'm being ripped off. Travellers from abroad, I hope you don't think the hotels in the capital are typical of th UK. There are some extremely good ones elsewhere.",None,2.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointed with Queens Park,"My girlfriend and I have just returned from three days in London staying at the Queens Park Hotel. Before we arrived we were under the impression that the hotel was of a high standard, and right up until check-in this seemed to be the case. Then things started to go downhill. We could barely squeeze into the tiny lift, and when we arrived at our floor there was hardly enough room to get out of the lift. When we finally struggled into our room it seemed like we'd jumped to a different hotel. The room was very small, maybe only 7ft wide, so you could only get out of one side of the double bed. There was a small TV on a bracket stuck on the wall at the other side of the bed, so that you invariably bang your head when getting out. There was a big damp patch on the ceiling that…",None,1.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193170-Reviews-or1340-Queens_Park_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Queens Park Hotel Reviews, London",A good word for Queens Park,"My wife and I stayed a week at the Queens Park Hotel in October 2003. We would definitely stay there again. Queens Park is a no frills place, but it is far from shabby. The premises are clean, the rooms and furnishings functional, the staff helpful and the continental breakfast adequate. In addition, the hotel has an excellent location accessible by public transport and the rates are bargain ones for London. In short, it fully meets the needs of those travelers for whom a hotel is a place to sleep and start the day with a breakfast. I rate it as above average in its category.",None,4.0
