,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nice place for budget travellers,"I went there with my parents and stayed for 3 nights in December 2013. I chose this studio mainly because of its location. Tour buses passes by it and its at the main road so there was no need to walk far. Muslim food can be found all around the area so that was a bonus. Do no expect much for the room though. We didn't use the kitchen, used it only to boil water. Cleanliness and comfort is acceptable. I think the management should replace their old heater because the room was not well heated in winter",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Visit in november 2013,"The standard of the flatt we lent, was poor and different from pictures showed in hotels the web side. We told the hotel that it would be late arrival. The reception did not accept arrival later than 11 pm., although airplane was delayed. The service should be better than that. The receptionists could have been more friendly and personable.        ",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Apartment,"Offers spacious accommodation, well priced, close to the tube and bus routes. Because the apartment has a kitchen where one can prepare meals it makes the holiday much more affordable. Beds  could be of better quality, but the overall package is excellent compared to a budget hotel.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Truly awful,"I booked an apartment here for my two daughters since the location seemed good. Well, what a disaster it was for them and how bad I felt at putting them through this. The hotel had made an error with the booking since, as it turns out, the person taking the bookings could barely speak English. What should have been a simple problem to solve turned out to be anything but, and the manager began to scream and yell at my daughters through no fault of their own. Eventually they were allowed to check in and found the apartment dirty with pubic hairs on the floor and in the bed. Hot water lasted five minutes only. Internet reception was poor. Noise from the street outside was such that sleep was next to impossible. The room was generally dirty. Perhaps the worse part of all was the fact that both girls woke up with bites on their skin, presumably from some insect. What a horrible place.…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or0-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Good value, nothing grand","I booked a single studio but was assigned a double. The apartment was not a bad size (compared to others I've stayed in in London). It was rather shabby but clean and comfortable. The kitchen area was small but not as cramped as others I've seen. The bathroom was a bit dated but the shower worked OK, it was clean, the towels were replaced daily and there was plenty of hot water.There was no ac and there was quite a bit of noise from the traffic (understandably given the location) and there was no reading light by the bed. There was an iron and ironing board and the receptionist asked me if I needed a hairdryer when I checked in. There was coffee and tea etc. Overall it was very good value for money - you won't get much for £70 in London these days - and I've paid a lot more for places that were not much better - or even worse.…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nightmare to stay here,"Noisy environment, poor service and impolite staff.  Strongly advised not to choose this for your stay in London.  It was your fault that the staff moved you to another flat at the basement as the bulb of the toilet was out of order and they could only rectify until tomorrow.  It was also your fault when the main door of the second flat couldn't be closed automatically, the window couldn't be open and the water of the bath and basin flowed very very slowly.  This time the staff told you that they could do nothing for you.  You were requested to leave the flat if you weren't satisfied with the service but WITHOUT REFUND.  The staff then slammed the door and went away.  HOW RIDICULOUS!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"But with that title I don't mean that it's a bad place in which to stay. After reading many traveller reviews here and on another websites, I knew more or less what to expect.   I arrived with my friend and they charged me 3% because I was paying with my credit card - something I was already aware of after reading a review, so it didn't bother me. We had requested a twin room, NOT in the basement, but guess what we got? Yes, a basement room with a double bed. I complained at the desk and the guy told me it was a ""good room"", and that a small couch in there could be opened and turned into a single bed. My friend tried this smaller bed and liked it, and I took the double bed, so we accepted the room. Guy at frontdesk said we could try to change rooms the next morning but we would…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good quality in Notting Hill,OK room with two beds. The hot water is very HOT and a pigeon might call you in the morning. Wireless internet works fine. Notting Hill Gate tube station is not far away and breakfast is enjoyed at Paul Rhodes Bakery just down the street.,Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nice apartment,Clean rooms. Very good location!!! The room has everything you need. Nice price! free Wifi. Traffic outside but we were not disturbed. Supermarkets nerby. This was my second stay and I will stay there next time too!       ,Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or5-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Very noisy, hard to cook and dangerous hot water","First the good points – the location was close to Hyde Park, and the flat was clean, and the flat was not a bad size for London.  But:  •	The traffic on the Bayswater Road is so loud that it is impossible to sleep without earplugs, as the road is just outside and there is only single glazing. •	The water from the hot tap is under pressure and boiling temperate – so I scaled my hand badly and did not dare try the shower; •	The oven did not work – it burnt the food – even though I cooked it on the one shelf; •	The management had to replace the microwave as the original one had scorch marks inside as if it had caught fire. •	The daily cleaning only involves emptying the kitchen bin most days; •	My sheet and towel each had a hole in; •	The reception forgot about British Summer Time…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Highly recommendable for all types of stay,"I stayed in these premises for ten days and then extended for ten other days for two reasons, location and the nice and welcoming staff. It is true that the hotel needs refreshing but the studio I was in, including the bathroom and the kitchen were well equipped and super clean to my high satisfaction.  I never had problems with internet.  The studio is serviced everyday  by a polite and helpful staff.  I would definitely return to that place and highly recommend it for sure!        ",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",too old,"Location is great. The hotel is quiet and the room we had was bigger than we expected. Kitchen is in another space so you don't have to cook in your bedroom. The bathroom was extremely tiny and it was hard to move inside even for a thin person like me and there was no working heater. The lowest point was the room smelled badly and we got rid of the smell with oust. The blanket was dirty and it smelled badly too.The building is very old and it needs renovation works. On a positive note, the staff is very kind and always there to help.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,Good location is about the only good thing about this place! Bathrooms are TINY and the windows are so old they let a lot of cold air in!  Our room was cold so we plugged in the mini heater which was in the wardrobe. This then set into flames and filled our room with black smoke!! After taking this to reception they told us we should not have used this as there is a heater built in the room already! Staff are TERRIBLE!!!!   Shabby carpets and walls etc! Beds are also very uncomfortable! Do not stay here!,Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good service apartment,"Clean, with free WIFI.  The studio apartment is great. Locations is good. Walking distand to Nothing hill and queensway just a stoll away as well as hyde park. Very good. The down side is sometimes we only were given small towel for bath. The heater and the hot water  in the room work wondefully! Keep us nice and warm. ",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or10-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Good location, cheap, definitely not luxury","I stayed for 1 night and chose to stay here based on cost. It was approximately half the price of a good hotel nearby. The location is good, about 5mins walk from Queensway tube station, and with it Hyde park. The apartments are more a bedroom with a separate bathroom and tiny kitchen but were clean. The whole place could clearly do with a huge amount of work - woodchip wallpaper, flaking paint, ropey old carpets in the hallway.  In all I felt like I was back in my student accommodation!  However, if you want somewhere to put your head down at night, that you can make your own food in, in a central location at a cheap price it was ok.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Would go again!,"Although the rooms (we were told our room wasn't ready when we arrived, and were allocated another for the first night!) were pretty basic, they did have all you needed, and bathroom, kitchen, bedding and towels were spotless.  The location was fantastic, 5 minutes from the tube and on popular bus routess, and, though on a busy road, the traffic noise was not intrusive.  Other residents were quiet and considerate.  Staff at reception were pleasant.  If you are happy with a ""no-frills but excellent essentials"" arrangement, give it a try.  Next time, I will take a teatowel and a hair drier, that's about all I missed!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nothing like the website!,"We were sent here by Travel Stay as the hotel we were originally booked in with ''forgot'' to save our rooms!! I don't think we need to write a view as the photos I am about to post says it all, would also like to point out that cleaners never knocked and walked in!...The beds in our apartment were clean and comfortable, mattress did need a clean though! and it's not 500 yards from Hyde Park either! £11 to £12 by taxi. The bathroom shower once turned on would not turn off! that was great fun as we drenched everywhere, Never even had curtains, just a white blind which was great for letting the light in the window",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Simple small hotel in a good location,"I traveled with my 10-year old goddaughter and stayed at Palace court apartment hotel for 3 nights. The staff was very nice and helpful. Apartment was a bit dated but suited our needs with a little kitchen and bathroom. Location was very good, near several buses and the tube. Also near restaurants, Tesco Expresss, banks etc. Portobello road, Hyde Park and Oxford Street very near. ",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",ok,"the palace is very well situated and close to the tube and buses. But the staff is not very friendly and the rooms are not very clean. There is a lot of traffic outside,noisy!",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or15-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Simple rooms but good value,"We had a pleasant stay on a great location overlooking Hyde Park, close to underground Notting Hill Gate and Queensway. Noisy street. Room was clean.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Absolutely NOT!,"If you can help it, do not stay at this hotel. There is no service to speak of, it is very noisy and the rooms are old, in need of repair and not very clean. The beds and linens were clean but the rest of the apt. was not. I had to ask for the toilet seat to be fixed because it was broken, and they did not fix it. The noise from the street is hard to take, lots of buses and car traffic. When asked to supply more towels, the management's response was we only supply 2. I was traveling with my son and we clearly did not have enough towels. There were no paper products in the kitchen. It's not a good value because for 100 pounds/night you should at least have enough towels, fixtures that work and a clean room.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Hotal,"It is a very good location with a lot of shops and restaurants. It is also very close to a train station and bus stops, therfore it is very easy to go around. However, it is too noisy to have good sleeps.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good location but NOT clean!,As soon as we arrived at the hotel there was confusion over our booking and when we paid the receptionist she stubbornly demanded another £10 from us even though we had £170 to pay and have her £180.  Once that was sorted we made our way to the lift there was a young man beginning to complain about the state his room was in which slightly worried us. The halls were very dingy and we were in the basement the stairs looked like they'd never seen a Hoover!  First impressions of the room were ok it didn't appear to be too old fashioned and everything seemed to be working well.  When we got in bed that night the sheets did not smell fresh and the following morning I woke up with several huge bites on my arms and legs. Disgusting  Also I managed to have a bath but couldn't get the…,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nth good but location,"the toilet is TINY, if you are a bigr guy, you can hardly make any movement in the washroom. definitely not going back. The woman at the reception was unfriendly.   ",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or20-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Pleasant experience,"We had room #10, which is ground floor fronting on Bayswater Rd.  Some traffic noise.  Staff very nice.  Twin beds worn out and lumpy.  Plain decor, but adequate.  Token-operated washer/dryer in basement.  The kitchen was nice to have, although we never actually cooked anything on the stove.  We ate carryout food from grocery stores and restaurants in the neighborhood.  Since restaurant food is so expensive in London, we probably could have saved some money by cooking.  Location about half way between Queensway and Notting Hill Gate tube stations is great.  Also, a bus stop for the Big Bus and the Original London bus tours is only 1/2 block away along with the regular bus stop.  Short walk to the Portobello Road market on the weekend.  All in all, it was a pleasant and…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nice apartment,"Nice room. Kitchen small but OK!. Bathroom old and VERY small. Good cleaning. Very good location. Little noisy from street, but not a big problem.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",good location,Good for all travellers because very easy to go elswhere..The room is clean and tge service is good.It is near to the station as well as bus stand..,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Not what shown on the photos,"Broken bed with terrible mattress. We felt a bit cheated because the rooms in the photos looked all new, but we got one with old kitchen and bathroom with some repair to do... Freezing cold first night because the heater wasn't turned on when we arrived. Very good location.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Value for Money if you are Traveling with friends,"I've stayed there on Feb with 2 friends, sharing a triple room. Check in was quick and pleasant, the room was spacious enough for an adventure stay. Actually we've been out of the hotel the whole time, so we were not minding bout any sizes. Wifi was fast. The first try we couldn't get the access, but by calling the reception, they gave us immediately other 2 options which worked. As well as the prompt reply for a hair-dryer request. The heating was perfectly working (outside was freezing!). The Notting Hill Gate station was just at 6 min walking, connecting us with most of the lines.  On the way to the station there are exchange bureaus, cafes, a tiny grocery shop, a pub, an internet cafe, and further next to the underground there are places where you can eat (i.e. Le Pain…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or25-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",OK for the price,"I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews on here (had already booked so was too late to change!), however for what we paid for 2 nights it was perfectly fine. I wasn't expecting anything extravagant for the price. The room was clean and the location was perfect for us, 5 mins walk from Queensway on the Central Line. 7 mins walk from Bayswater tube station. Bathroom and kitchen appliances worked as they were required. We had to wait 10 mins between showers but we were advised of this by reception staff on arrival and check in. It is on a main road but nothing some ear plugs couldn't fix. Reception staff gave us the information we required, did not find them unfriendly as some comments on here suggest. Not the best apartments I've ever stayed in over the years but,…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",a wreck,"oh my God!!!! do not try it. bathroom tubes dripping, bad smell, very noisy..... a terrible nurse's home from 2nd WWar",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Faulty Towers middle eastern style,"We had booked this hotel to stay during the Notting Hill carnival. The location was perfect, its about a 10min walk from Notting Hill Gate station and right on the back of the carnival. When we arrived the first thing I noticed was the reception smelled of damp dog?! We were told that the twin room we had originally booked had was no longer available because it was the only room to mysteriously flood due to the rain. I asked why i hadnt been called before hand and the owner said it was because my dialing code was outside london so he couldnt call me?! So we were given 2 double rooms instead. Anyway after the owner and his wife had a little arguement in arabic we paid the remainder of our bill and got our keys. My friends had received the keys to somebody elses room and…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Terrible room no:18. Water leak from room above all night, asked for another room adv this wasn't one, plus had argument with in","Arrived 24th September to stay for 1 night only at a cost of £99. Room was in basement which was bright. Kitchen oven- filthy, sink also. Overall cleanliness in kitchen old dirt & over crowded with furniture. Bathroom was dirty with dark hairs in- I'm blonde & partner is bald!! Small hallway in studio had smoke detector taped over, wires hanging out from walls. Door to room was hard to open & shut & I'm disabled. Was put in basement although there was a lift, only just big enough for a wheelchair & asked in advance for ground level! Bedroom itself was cold. Room on closer inspection was filthy, bed linen had hair (pubic ones) on top & furniture was old & dirty also. The only nice thing about room was the blinds!! Room had severe leak from ceiling at approx 5.30pm adv owner he…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Good location, nice apartment.","I spent 4 nights at the Palace Court Studios and it was really worth it. The location is great and the apartment was clean, had a reasonable space and the bathroom was ok.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or30-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid if you can,"The room was not clean. There was mold and mildrew on the bottom and top of the walls, which gave it a musty smell. Despite being a non-smoking room, the place smelled like smoke. There were wires hanging out of the walls. The bed was only a 3/4, which was to be shared by two people. You would have to be very good friends to be comfortable sharing that bed. Only one side of the bed was usable as the mattress was completely worn down, I have a quarter sized wound on my hip from a broken coil (or ten/twenty) on the bed. There was seldom enough hot water for even one shower. We were told at check in that we had to wait 10 minutes between showers for hot water. It was more like 30 or 40, if at all. The shower was dirty and the shower curtain was full of mold. I would have left, but…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Lots of pros, but also a few major cons...","I stayed here for 8 nights from 10 July 2011, in a single apartment (Apartment 28, in the annexe at 5 Palace Court).  Apartments are located in two historic buildings on Bayswater Road. The location is excellent.   The proprietors have done an ok job of renovating/modernising the rooms - but there are still some run down aspects (best to ignore the walk in closet!) I found the living area and kitchen to be bright and clean, and really enjoyed having the extra space and facilities for a longer stay. Kitchen was reasonably well equipped.  However, the bathroom was a mess (original plumbing which was very temperamental, nothing really felt properly clean....) Little things aren't quite right (you can't plug in the bedside light unless kitchen door is closed, there was only 1 towel…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Dirty, old and small","I recently stayed for 4 days. After couple of days finally asked reception to get the daily cleaners to actually clean my dirty apartment. It was very small, old and dirty, walkin robe very old smell and could not use, tiny kitchen. Did not match website photos. Had other issues also. Would not recommend staying here as poor conditions and management. Bed was so hard I slept on padded quilt and pillow very old. Rates are not worth the conditions. Only positive was the location.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Great location, shame about the rooms!","Visited London at the end of June/beginning of July for two nights and booked these apartments, partly due to location, partly due to the price! I wouldn't pay to stay here again for two reasons: the rooms are disgustingly unclean, and I don't just mean the piles of dust behind furniture but unclean bed linen, kitchen areas and bathrooms - also very dated. Secondly, the safety of the whole place...our yale lock didn't work so basically our room was accessible to anyone, at any time and the baggage 'hold' that they offer is basically bags in a hall way with no security. More like a 1 star hostel than a hotel.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Excellent location, small dirty Appartment","Spend in a studio appartment of Palace Court, location was great! near two Underground stations and many buses to Oxford street and south bank. als nice restaurant area, nice shops and Notting Hill close by. About the appartment, shabby entrance, bad cleaningservice ( not every day they will come) Very tiny and constant dirty Bathroom, Kitchen supplies where o.k. Bed was great. Recommend a studio at the backside of the building because here is less traffic noice sinds bayswater road is a busy road. Staff helpfull but not very nice. Credit Card Payments cost 2% extra!! not fair. I would not stay in this place again...since the price is high. FREE WIFI works great!",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or35-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Nice little apartment in the center of London,"I went with my mum, so I was looking for a clean doble room but also with kitchen to be able to cook when we didn't want to go out for dinner. This was a nice accomodation, with a quite big room, a little kitchen but with all what u need for cooking and a very small bathroom but with a bathtub/shower so finlly was ok. They gave us towels and they changed theme everyday even if they never cleaned the rooms in the 7 days in witch we stayed but finally was ok. The first days the room was clean and really hot but the last days they switched off the central heating but there was a little radiator in the wardrobe and finally it was quite enought. The position is perfect, it's in front of the Kensington Garden, near Queensway tub stop and quite close to Nothing Hill and Portobello,…",Date of stay: April 2011,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Perfect value for your money,"I had read some bad reviews and was prepared to complain if necessary..I am not a young person and came to London for two weeks on business,so I needed some comfort.The studio (Ibooked a double studio,since it is not very different in price from the single)was all one could expect and more.It is clean,big enough,with a wonderful bathroom with tub and shower,with lots of hot water.The kitchen is amazing:microwave,hob, a good fridge,cooker ,oven and all you need to cook.It is cleaned everyday and clean towels are provided.The staff is polite and ,yes,maybe some of them they are not superfriendly but they are doing a job,not having a party. The studio is simple,it is not posh and the tv is basic,but well,I have been coming to London for fifteen years and let me tell you that the…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",GR8 place,"I think it's the best place for that kind of money that u can find in London. Fantastic locacion, very nice people who work there. Place is quiet and the room was really good, I have been there 2 weeks so I know what I'm talking. Room was cleaning every day, towels was exchange very often. To be honest I would recommend this hotel and u probably wont find better in that kind of price. Besides if u r coming to London to see the city u won't sit in the room all day, and when u come back u can do a meal because there is a kitchen, very well equipped. So thank u Palace Court Studios I definitely will visit more than once :)",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Disappointing experience so far... booking process below par,"I am writing this review on the first night of a two-night stay. I booked a Small Double Studio, however upon arrival I have been allocated a twin studio, and as the hotel is fully booked there is no opportunity to change room. Another minor niggle is that I have been charged a credit card fee despite leaving a debit card on the booking form. Disappointing really - the response from the guy on reception was pretty much a shrug of the shoulders... I have been staying in London now for 16 months and continue to search for a hotel that I would return to repeatedly.",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good No-frills Bugdet Accomodation,"This was my 2nd stay at the Palace Court Studios. On arrival, there was some confusion over our booking as the hotel records didn't match my booking confirmation, however Hani behind the front desk (I think that was his name) was quick to sort this out. If you are looking for palatial accomodation then don't stay here...what you will find though is decent clean, comfortable studio apartments that are great value in an otherwise very expensive city to stay in. The apartments are not fully serviced everyday, but your bathroom is cleaned and towels changed over. You also have the benefit of a well equipped kitchen if you want to save some money on meals and cook for yourself occasionally. The free wireless internet is also handy. Location is great too...about half way between…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or40-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Horrible service, collapsing ceiling.","I met some friends here in London, and we were supposed to check into a 3 person room. Even though we had booked at the front desk, they had no recollection of the booking. We were told there was one three bed available in the basement and if we didn't like it... ""tough"". The staff were really unhelpful and rude and refused to take responsibility for the lost booking.  The room was basic, at best, however this was stated in the description. Though, the mattresses were horrible, as in, springs in our backs, not to mention the fold out bed collapsed in the middle of the night while my friend was fast asleep. We were also alarmed in the night by a sudden sound of rushing water. When we went to investigate, we saw a large crack in the bathroom ceiling above the shower, with water…",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good value but not very smiling staff,"As being on a really tight budget, I was trying to find a room really cheap, with a private bathroom and good location (oh and above all, clean!!!) I was terrified by reviews that described other hotels as ""rat holes"", so I was really pleased to see that our room in Palace Court Studios  was clean enough. The location is great and if you're looking for sth basic, I think you've found it! The only disadvantage is the staff, they aren't very friendly and you have to pre-pay them, but If you're staying for a few days, that's not an issue. Unlike the woman working there, the man is quite helpful and helped us whenever asked. Be aware that the telephone number may be a fax one and make sure you get a map with you in case you can't find it! I'm going back again as the room had a small…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Great position with light, spacious rooms. Bathrooms need work.","The position is great. Close to the Tube, buses and Queensway shops and restaurants. We had a room overlooking Bayswater Rd (which is busy 24 hours a day), and was right next door to a pub which was usually packed. Surprisingly the room was well insulated from the noise. Our regular double studio was spacious, light and airy. The kitchen was modern and clean. Our bathroom was the weak link. It was poorly cleaned before we moved in (dirty bath, hair in the bath plug-hole). It was also very small, poorly ventilated and badly in need of a complete renovation. While the toilet, sink and floor were cleaned every day, the bath was not cleaned during our three week stay. We found the staff very courteous, helpful and non invasive. Our room was cleaned, tidied and towels replaced every…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Accomodation fine, service APPALLING. Not worth the stress.","I booked this accomodation for my parents when they came to London in December 2009/Jan 2010. There were a few minor problems, like the cleaner leaving their room open; and it took a while to check-in because there was no record of the booking, despite me phoning to confirm it a few days before they arrived. The apartments are big but the finishings aren't up to scratch, although this is reflected in the price. If the rooms were pristine they could charge a lot more because the location is so good.  Overall it was good value for money.  I didnt think twice about booking at Palace Court again when my mother came over in April, but unfortunately the whole experience at her check-in was so bad I will never book there again or recommend it to anyone. I made the booking 2 months…",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable base in a perfect location.,We stayed for 1 week and were very pleased with our triple studio. It was brilliant to be able to have a comfortable base to return to after visiting the tourist spots. The location is excellent with quick and easy links to everything. The parks were lovely for a walk and the Lady Diana Memorial childrens play area in Kensington Gardens is well worth a visit or two with young ones. The staff were helpful and friendly and we will definately be visiting again.,Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or45-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Great accomodation in London,"I stayed here last year with 4 friends, we booked a double and a triple room. The person handling the reservations was very friendly and eager to help as there were some problems with the dates and availability at first, but he managed to book us in.   The location is excellent: only a few minutes away from two tube stations and surrounded by restaurants and shops. There's also a bus stop literally right across the road which was very convenient. Our triple room was at the front of the building which had me worried for a minute about street noise (because let's face it, it's central London) but with the windows closed we found it was quite alright and didn't stop us from sleeping soundly.   The man at the front desk who checked us in was friendly and helpful, giving us loads of…",Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good basic accommodation in good location at reasonable price,"We had a twin studio (one adult and one child. It was very much as I expected from the website.   The building is old and has been divided into numerous apartments. The studio was small but it had everything we neeeded (only I could not find a hairdyer). Small corner with table and 2 chairs to eat. Very small kitchen off the bedroom with all we needed (cooker, fridge, microwave, pots and pans, cutlery, even wash up liquid)  It was furnisned fairly cheaply but that was ok. The stuff was reasonably new. ( I recognised some IKEA stuff). The TV stand was broken with a danger of TV falling off.   There was a very old storage heater with several switches and knobs of which two were completely broken. However we had no complaint about heating. The weather was cold and the heater was on…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",It started out well...,"but then.....  As a single female traveler, the notion of having a self-catered studio in central london that had staff and was secure was attractive from the beginning. The website was informative, and since I didn't plan on being in the studio a lot, a luxury suite wasn't a good value. And I wouldn't have to always eat out, I could feel more settled, etc.   On my second night, at about 1am, someone tried to unlock my room. With a key. So loudly they woke me from a sound sleep. They could not get in since I was security minded enough to switch the bolt on. I could hear two people outside talking amongst themselves, and then they went away. Needless to say I was VERY freaked out. When I mentioned it to the desk staff the next morning, I was told it was new people checking in.…",Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",excellent value all round,"We stayed at the palace court apartments studio for 15 nights and thoroughly enjoyed everything about our stay.  The room was exactly what we had expected from the photo on the web, The people at the front desk were friendly, helpful and generous with their time.  The room was serviced each day and the location is to die for - opposite Kensington Palace and minutes from the subway.  It is a little bit noisy when the windows are open but the location is central London and therefore expected.  Oscar Wilde said some people know the cost of everything and the value of nothing.  In this case the cost is small and the value is great.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good for the price,"The Palace Court Hotel is in a great location with lots of good food places, shopping, Hyde Park, Portobello Rd Markets and the Metro all close by.  The rooms were spacious, i was fortunate to get a double bed with seperate kitchen and bathroom to myself. The service was a little poor, you always felt like you were interrupting the person at the desk if you came to ask a question, and I wasn't told I needed to turn a switch on in my room to get hot water. When I went down to query the lack of hot water I was told to flick the switch in the kitchen, of which I couldn't find as I didn't know what I was looking for, I was then told they would come and look at it while I was out, but that didn't happen. Eventually someone came up and flicked the switch for me. The rooms were clean…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or50-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Terrible service but convenient & cheap.,"Booked a triple room online for bargain Bank Holiday-everything seemed to go smoothly. On arrival, the manager wouldn't even look at us & told us we needed passports to book in & we had 2 seperate rooms on different floors. None of this had been on the website or any literature. We argued this & were told they didn't write the website & it was tough! Then said we would need a passport if we were going to the airport ??? We explained we hadn't brought them as we weren't leaving the country and after 20 min stress & arguing she accepted my credit card as proof of ID. Then said the whoever had booked us in had done it wrong so we had seperate rooms. The triples turned out to have 2 beds & a pull out so probably for the best. The single room didn't have hot water as they didn't…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Think carefully before you book to stay here!!,I arrived with my 2 friends for the Notting Hill Carnival.  At checkin we were told that we would not be able to stay because none of us had brought either our passports or driving licences?  As we are English I have no idea why they would have expected us to take our passports and the conditions of booking did not state this was required?  We said we all had credit cards and as were were paying in advance could not understand what the problem was.  They said cards were not sufficient!  They were quite happy to just let us leave and go to try to find somewhere else on possibly the busiest weekend in London!!    We refused to leave and they eventually decided to check us in - only for us to find that the triple room we had booked and paid a deposit for was not available - we were…,Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",not like the brochure,palace court is situated next door to a noisy pub so we could nt sleep for the two nights we stayed it also was very shabby nothing at all like we expected and none of us could take a shower because the bathroom was dirty for the price we payed we could of stayed at a hotel .,Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",good value for money,"the studio was very good valu for money, very clean and nice. 2mins walk from the notting hale gate metro station and a 5-7 minute walk from the queesway and bayswater metro station.  there are couple of resteraunts, including Nando's, closeby and also there are a couple of general stores, all within 2mins walking distance from the studio. Over all, it was very pleasant.",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Honest, clean, good value accomodations","Arrived prior to check-in time NewYear's day but room avaialbe and were allowed in.  Lady at reception reminded us the lift was out (likely quicker to take the stairs even if it was working) and we went to our room.  We had a double room - decorated in a very smart, budget conscious manner - ie, the way I would do it - ikea, with separate bath & kitchenette.  Refer to their website - those pictures are the real deal.  Keeping in mind it is an old building ( what building in London isn't??), everything was scrubbed clean and there were no 'old building' smells either.    Felt right at home the whole week we were there.  I honestly didn't expect to have our bed made and dishes washed daily!!  Given the prices in London, I think management could easily charge quite a bit more for…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or55-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Warning,My wife and I stayed here for a week. We booked a room on the top floor because it would be quieter. That turned out to be a good idea as there wasn't double-pane glass and Bayswater is a very busy street. UNFORTUNATELY their website claims there is a lift but there was not; there were 80 odd steps up to our room. Room was very basic which is reflected in the price.,Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"If you want luxury, pay five times what you'll pay here and be happy. If you want comfort, a friendly, courteous but not intrusive staff and a great price, stay here. Posh is not the word -- it's basic, clean and convenient.  The place was a lot cleaner than a high priced ApartHotel that I stayed in once, where I had to clean the mould off the bathroom  wall before I used it. The Palace Court folks blew through every day, cleaned, made the bed and made sure everything was in order.  Most of us don't need posh. I want a nice, safe, comfortable place where I can drink my tea in the morning without having to face another human being and, if I'm hungry at nine at night, can make myself a sandwich in my own kitchen. Saves me money by not eating out, too.  The people were always…",Date of stay: November 2008,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Reality did not match what was advertised on the website,"-We encountered a series of problems - grotty and not properly cleaned; several stains on the wall, mattress etc; several rodent traps around the flat; incompletely equipped kitchen -As a twin ibed it was very tight; more like a single made into a twin to make money. -Internet did not work; nor did the lift. -Cable TV essentially gave us only 3 or 4 channels most of which not in English. Furthermore staff were rude and not sympathetic to our complaints. The images shown on the website did not correspond to reality. Quite clearly not good value for money - to be avoided.",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Affordable and satisfactory accommodation,"My husband and I stayed at one of these studios for 6 nights in April. We payed 400 pounds for 1 week, which was far cheaper than anything we found in London at that time.  I have read the reviews of these studios on TripAdvisor and decided that we don't need a lot of bells and whistles for our accommodation but would definitely like to pay as little as possible. Hotels in London, as you may know, are outrageously expensive.  And many of those in city center are too small. Besides my husband and I are picky when it comes to what we eat, so British breakfast offerings don't really appeal to us. Thus we wanted a studio with some kitchen facilities where we can prepare our own food. Being close by to a metro station and not so far away from the city center was also important. I…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London","Great location, good value","I needed a self-catering apartment for a 4-week stay in London, and the Palace Court Holiday Apartments (aka Palace Court Studios) worked out wonderfully.  The rooms are clean and pleasant, the kitchen has a nice selection of basic equipment, and the location is absolutely fantastic.  It's nothing fancy, and if you want to be pampered this is not the place for you.  But if you're looking for a solid budget value in a great neighborhood, I highly recommend this place.  My only complaints are that the bed was uncomfortable (a very thin, stiff mattress) and the internet connection was a bit spotty.  But overall I had a good experience there and will almost certainly return if I need to work in London again!",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or60-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Excellent choice for budget travellers,"My husband and I spent a week in London and chose Palace Court Studios (as the web page calls it) because of the extremely competitive rates: GBP 400 (approximately US dollars 800) for 7 nights (price per night was GBP 83 for two, rack rate price for 1 to 6 nights). We were asked to pay GBP 100 in advance, which we did. Only afterwards did I discover that Palace Court Studios was Palace Court Holiday Apartments and read the reviews in Trip Advisor. I was horrified, and we decided that if the place was a dump we would part with the 100 pounds paid in advance and go elsewhere. We were even informed by an acquaintance living in London that the  people who ran the building did not have high cleaning standards. Let me give you the pluses immediately: location, price and convenience.…",Date of stay: February 2008,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Basic Accomodation at a reasonable price...,"If you are looking for luxury don't stay here.  If you want a great location, terrific convenience, at an affordable price book now.  I've stayed here a couple of times and been very pleased with it.  It works well for two or three people.  Finding rooms to accommodate 3 can be difficult and/or expensive in London.  Here you can get a studio with kitchen and private bath for the per person rate of a hostel.    I never had problems with cleanliness, facilities or service.  It is suitable for independent travelers who don't require a lot of service from hotel staff.  If you've visited London before or are comfortable finding your way around the lack of ""friendly"" staffers shouldn't be a problem. ",Date of stay: August 2000,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",Hell on Earth,"We stayed here the last two nights of 2003 and this began a nightmarish experience. When we arrived, we were barely acknowledged and it took quite a while for them to ""find"" our reservation. The room itself was shabby, freezing cold and lacking, as we discovered the next morning, any warm water for the shower. The linens looked worn and stained. Due to the holiday, we were forced to stay another night until we could find better accomodations. When we informed the staff we were leaving, we were treated like criminals and instead of concern over what was causing us to leave, instead immediately informed us that our money for the rest of our stay would not be refunded. Subsequent telephone calls to speak with the ""manager"" were nothing but screaming matches and we were hung up on.…",None,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1533417-Reviews-or65-Palace_Court_Studios-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Palace Court Studios Apartment Reviews, London",I would go back,"Clean, affordable compared to nearby hotels, rooms have frig and stove, staff is (mostly) friendly, Good location, rooms facing Bayswater Rd can be noisy (traffic), request a room in the back. Next trip to London, I would return. ",None,4.0
