,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or0-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,I have never felt more unsafe in my life.,"Pre-warning: This is the first hostel I have ever stayed at and I haven't stayed at another one since. The lobby was very lovely and artistic, but do not let it fool you. The communal bathrooms were very dirty. The communal showers had no privacy curtains. It was £15 just to wash dirty laundry. Bottled water was £7 too. Custard creams as well marked up to a fiver when the Tesco down the street charges 80p. The room smelt horrible and the outside commotion sounded like someone was getting stabbed every five minutes. It is Islington so I'm not surprised. Everyone had to sleep with the light on and someone tried to steal my Doc Martens so I slept with them on. The free breakfast in the morning was stale cereal and curdled milk. I would not recommend.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or0-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"The scariest, filthiest place to stay in London","After reading the glowing advertising on Booking.com for this hostel I booked a two night stay on 3rd/4th February as a cheap solution to a business trip.  However the problems started as soon as I arrived; my first room had a broken and taped up window and broken radiator which was freezing, so I was moved to a new room which was filthy and noisy as it was right next to reception. All of the toilets on that floor were blocked, broken and overflowing. In the basement toilets it wasn’t much better; there were broken taps, there was no toilet paper and they were all filthy with urine all over the seat and floor. Worst of all when I was walking out of the toilet there was a very big man pulling the zip of his trousers down in the middle of the communal area right in front of me. This was so scary I had to leave and go somewhere safe. There also appeared to be long-term residents there, not just hostel travellers. There was also tobacco all over the flat surface in this same mixed-sex toilets where people had clearly been rolling roll-ups and there was a group of men smoking immediately outside of the backdoor which was right next to the toilets, and was intimidating and didn't just smell of tobacco. There was also no working wifi and a sign up saying the entire place was fumigated every two weeks, and according to other complaints I have now since read, there is also a bug and rodent problem there too.  I stayed two hours, most of which I was on the phone to Booking.com with (who have been useless and have subsequently refused to refund me as have the actual hostel), before I left to find somewhere else (at 7pm at night) to stay. I have been in touch with environmental health who tell me they are already investigating this property....AVOID at all costs!!…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or0-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,WARNING - DO NOT STAY HERE!,"Hands down the worst place I’ve ever stayed in. I’ve travelled and stayed in many hostels whilst travelling different parts of the world, and this is hands down the worst place I’ve ever stayed. The only positive thing about about this place is the location. Too many negatives to rant about but to give you an idea it’s like a smack den/junkies bedsit except worse. Filthy, disgusting and pretty much everything is broken. How they can charge for the sh*t hole is beyond me.   DO NOT STAY HERE (you have been warned)!",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or0-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Absolutely disgusting ,"I have stayed in many hostels before now. I was a female travelling alone and it was the worst experience of my life. On arriving to the hostel, there were numerous homeless looking people lingering around outside. Checkin was fairly smooth. The only positive (you have to pay £10 for the keycard) On going up the stairs the smell of weed was overpowering.  On entering my room (which looked nothing like the photos advertised, please see my photo) there was a broken window patched up with tape. There was dust and hairs on the floor, on the shelf behind the bed, under the bed and on the sheets (they definitely weren’t clean) and dirty tissues in the floor. I arrived at 10pm at night, and whilst sat in my room trying to figure out what I was going to do there were men outside my room banging and shouting. I decided to stay the night and sort out somewhere better to stay in the morning.  However, I then visited the bathroom (please see the toilet photo- I’ve never even experienced anything like it at Glastonbury) The smell was overwhelming, I didn’t take a photo but the showers were disgusting. There was another toilet next door that was out of order, who knows what state that was in. I went to another floor and that one was too, out of order.  I then booked myself out of the property and into a travel lodge around the corner, where I found I had been bitten by god knows what. On leaving I asked at reception about a refund as I told him about the broken window, dirty sheets and that ‘the toilets pushed me over the edge’. He didn’t seem particularly shocked, and told me to get in touch with booking.com and they would tell them how much to refund me.  I paid £186 for this experience. Granted, it was a non refundable rate but I don’t think anyone expects to turn up to anywhere so dirty and unfit for human use. Booking.com have kindly offered to reimburse me half of this rate, but I really do not want anyone else to fall into this trap. I will be pursuing this in any way I can to ensure no one else has to endure this experience.…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or0-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Sad Decline,"I was honestly shocked at the state of this hostel. This was my 3rd trip here and with certainty, my last. What once was a clean, reliable hostel is now horrifying. The whole place was filthy. No clean sheets on my bed when I arrived at 1am. Half the toilets were broken, the working ones had no toilet paper. Broken, moldy showers. Garbage everywhere. The rooms were a disaster. Really horrible. I would never return",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or5-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Shabby dirty place,"A shabby, dirty place.  DO NOT STAY HERE! We first checked the room when we arrived. The bed wasn’t made and the bedsheets we’re not cleaned. No curtains, carpet curled, paint was peeling of, etc. At the check in desk two men were rolling a joint and the guy behind the counter also had a funny look in his eyes... So I cancelled my reservation and went to another hostel close by, clean and well organised. I’ve travelled the world and seen and endured a lot, but this is a total rip off.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or5-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Never, ever stay here","Cleanliness doesn't exist there, I'm positive the bed hadn't been cleaned for the whole year. Smelt of drugs and smashed windows throughout. I've stayed in many hostels around London and I'm no snob but within 10 seconds I knew I couldn't stay there, walked out, went to the pub and booked somewhere else for the night.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or5-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not even worthy of a star,"Wish there was an option to give it 0 stars as was an appalling place!!  PLEASE DONT STAY HERE!  I've seen homeless people have better living conditions than the in this hostel. The rooms online were advertised and looked lovely for a quick stay before our early train but as soon as you see the outside of the building we knew it was going to be disaster.  Collect our key and as soon as we get into the room it took us 10 seconds to decide to leave. The room was filth, nothing clean, window was smashed and covered with newspapers and couldn't close in the middle of November! There was a safe that you couldn't open, the shower room looked like it hadn't been cleaned for about 1000 years! There was plasters and a layer of grime upon everything. To top it off, I decided to use the…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or5-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Worst hostel ever,"When we booked this hostel we saw beautiful pics and even beautiful price about location. When we arrive it was so terrible that we checked out on the first night. Everything was dirty and old, freeze water on shower, dirt room and corridors, definitely don't worth for free, imagine paying for that. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or5-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Rude & Disgusting,STAY: 1 night   Simply don’t even understand how this place is in operation. Staff where very rude and patronising. You would find cleaner facilities in a prison and that’s not a joke. Place was full of long stay unsavoury types making the stay very uncomfortable.   Just terrible.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or10-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Den.,Arrogant receptionist treating me like a homeless person. I haven't seen such a dirty room in my life. Everything I wanted to touch was disgusting. Outside toilet disgustingly smelly and very dirty. I spend there only 4 hours and I decided to leave because if I stay longer I will puke. The receptionist didn't care why I left this den. It's a great shame for hotels.com and others to cooperate with them. I paid £ 46.00 visited in this den.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or10-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Worst hostel ever,"Do you want an unforgettable, living in a trash can? So, this hostel is for you. Rooms without windows to keep the delicious stink inside. You will feel like walking in the moon, because the rooms are so crownded, so messed, that you cannot put both of your feet in the ground at the same time. Do you want a guided tour through the hostel? Ask for help any of its inhabitants, they are living there for months. If you lose anything in the hostel, you can pick on of the dozens of objets scattered through the rooms. Hungry? You can pick the remains of pasta that is aging like wine on the sink. Also, you can easily recycle the garbage, because in the kitchen there are large baskets of it, completely full. You can climb the garbage too, they literally form a mountain. The bathroom…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or10-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not at all clean and horrible! / Slet ikke renligt og forfærdeligt!,"(see english translation below)   Jeg skulle bare bruge en seng i 7 timer, inden hjemrejse fra London. ENESTE gode ting at sige om Home London: nær Pancras stationen + de venlige medarbejdere (som var trætte og stressede og irriterede på hinanden). DÅRLIGE ting at sige om Home London: medarbejderne virkede til at være omrejsende unge, som bor og arbejder der --Ingen virkede til at have det overordnede ansvar. Der var SÅ ulækkert! Klamme toiletter, ødelagte vægge, og på 6 sengesalen for kvinder var der ting over ALT, fordi der åbenbart BOR folk permanent(?!!?). Gulvet klistrede, og jeg kunne ikke have mine ting andre steder end under en sengetrappe og inde i min egen seng(!) Der var larm, lugt, ingen udluftning (kun gennem et vindue ud til larm fra byen), og jeg vil IKKE ANBEFALE…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or10-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disgusting ,"This hostel is disgusting. The floors, walls, furniture are filthy. The sheets were clean but didn’t fit on the bed. We had a double duvet stuffed into a single cover, luckily it was a warm night. The toilet and shower facilities don’t meet basic hygiene requirements but hilariously a sign states they are checked hourly. I’d be surprised if they are checked weekly. There were people slamming doors and alarms going off all night. Not a pleasant experience at all. ",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or10-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Do not visit, does not meet basic hygiene levels, most unclean hostel I’ve been to.","This was a disappointing stay, it did not reach basic levels of hygiene expected for hostel accommodation. The pictures on the website do not represent accurately the cleanliness of the room.  It felt very dirty and unhygienic. When I came into my room for the first time there were 10-12 flies buzzing around the room. The floor and walls were very stained. The bathroom looked like it had not been cleaned at all and the shower room the same. The tap next to the toilet did not work. When mentioning to staff that the standards of cleanliness were very poor their response was they were short staffed and there will be renovations starting the day after. It seems wrong to be selling beds to people when the staff acknowledge that basic standards of hygiene are not being met. Upon…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or15-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"The worst and disgusting hostel, It should be closed","I made a reservation with my friend and we don´t stayed even a nigth, the place was horrible, the smells was disgusting, the bathroom with crap literally in everywhere, the room and facilities was dirty and with fungi on the walls, even the people in our room they looked bad, the pictures on the internet pages are a complete scam... the place is not at all like they show!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or15-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,The worst hostel I have ever experienced,"I have been to this hostel for a weekend with friends we were a group of 8, we booked a room with a capacity of 17 people in home London hostel. The only good thing about this hostel is the location. There is no safety in this hostel, and no lockers available. If you are looking for a place where you can be sick because of how dirty the rooms and the showers are this is the perfect place for you. There is truly a big a health issue in this hostel with all the mould. My other advice is for girls do not book a room in a mixed bed room you will not feel safe there. A lot of dealers are selling drugs in front of the hostel on the first day we saw two people fighting with knife etc.  London is amazing and that hostel made our London weekend horrible.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or15-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disgusting accomodatons and terrible service,"Make sure you factor in the cost of a lock and cage for your luggage when budgeting for this hostel. Also factor in the value of a nights sleep and what it is like to sleep fully clothed and with your luggage as a pillow. I asked another guest where the washroom was and he laughed: ""I'd avoid it at all costs if I were you"".",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or15-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Find better elsewhere,"I stayed two nights in this establishment and can I tell you I bolted as soon as I could because I did not want to stay another minute in this DISGUSTING place. Upon arrival, everyone working in reception were on the beers which I thought was a bit unprofessional, then got informed the card machine wasn’t working which is a bit ridiculous considering that most people are going to pay by card to stay. Walking into the room I was astounded by the size of it considering it was supposed to house 6people PLUS their luggage. Everyone was on top of eachother and it was a bit gross to be honest. The floors looked like they haven’t been swept or mopped since they opened and the beds were uncomfortable, sheets were starchy and scratchy and just overall unpleasant. My room was located…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or15-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Poor service,"The first thing I want to say is that sometimes cheap is way more expesive than you'd ever imagined. I was charged a total of FIVE times by the Hostel, and as soon as I checked-in, I asked how could I get my money back. There I was told that they didn't have the authority to do anything regarding the problem and gave me an email address, london@homebackpackers.co.uk and thet in 7- 14 working days I would get a reply... It's been more than 20 days and I'm still waiting. I had to contact customer service, and they have had the same luck, the hostel is not answering them.   In regards of the hostel, the price should tell you what to expect. There was no running water in the bathroom, many showers were out of order, not that they gave off good vibes anyway. I stayed with a friend in…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or20-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Sespit- all in all find somewhere else you owe it to yourself.,"So i dont believe in God, (Sorry, not sorry) but Devine intervension is the only way I can think this place is still ""running"". The staff, if they can be called that, where completely unprofessional talking about which of the guests/staff they where going to try it on with in the corridors. After they finish checking people in/out, proceed to drink and make the all ready disgustingly cold room with a sleeping bag covered bed, all the more uncomfortable to be in never mind sleep. Bed and breakfast, ment to them, dry cereal and toast with no butter and of course no staff clearly to hung over. Apon arrival at this place checked in ,although with no real checks made, just room key for a name. The room so draft ridden you can fly a kite was not provisioned for two as reserved for.…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or20-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Anetice,"It was horrible.  Me and my two friends spend 3 nights in this hostel. We were in a room for 15 people and it is a hostel, so we weren’t expecting high standart, but at least a warm water - one day boiling and next day cold, sometimes there was no water at all in the shover.  Next thing was this bar, which was in the building. It would be Ok, but our room was next to it and there was very loud music till midnight and than you hear the people do such a nois till 2 in the morning. I can understand, that people like to party. But it was like we were at the party, not in the next room.  The staff were Ok, but we really didn’t know, who off the people were staff and who were a visitor.  And the bathroom? Horrible, horrible ... I wrote about the water, it was dirty, sinks…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or20-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,BED BUGS AND DIRTY PLACE!!,"""Worse hostel ever!  What's cheap turns out to be expensive.  I spent two nights there. The first night one of the girls sayed she had bed bugs in her bed, I saw it with my eyes. The reception woman came to the room at put a kind of poison and we had to stayed 40 min outside the room.  Three days after come back from London, I have bed bugs at my home!!, it's terrible.  I had to hire a pest control company and pay for get rid off the bed bugs from my home.  I think the hostel should do the same, but It seems that they don't mind the wellness of their clients.  Besides that, bathrooms, kitchen and rooms were really dirty. Room doesn't have lockers, neither places to put your luggage.  Staff people is not friendly at all.  If you can pay a littler more, please avoid this place.  I…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or20-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,BED BUGS!,"Having stayed in hostels before, this was by far the worst experience ever.   We had booked a room for 12 girls and upon arrival one bed was still occupied by a man. No problem, they kicked the man out about half an hour later. When we left however, this guy was still waiting to be allocated another room. Seems like poor planning but something that can indeed happen.   The state of the room however was sth else! Dirty... really dirty is the least I can say. The window was broken so we were not able to close it allowing all kinds of bugs to crawl in, but the worst part is that there were bed bugs... And after reading some other reviews, this is apparently a common problem!   The male showers were out of service so therefore everyone needed to use the only 3 remaining showers,…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or20-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Worst experience in a hostel,"The place was totally disgusting. The rooms, the showers and specially the toilets were extremely dirty. The smell inside the rooms was also disgusting. We had booked for three nights but we had to leave before the third night because we could not stand the situation anymore. When we arrived the blankets were dirty and nobody changed them during our whole stay. Furthermore, when we got to the room the last day there was someone else sleeping in one of our beds. The worst experience I have ever lived in a hostel.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or25-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disgusting ,"Stayed for one night in a private bedroom. At first sight it looked fine. However, looking more thoroughly I found a used sock hanging from the seiling, a dirty dusty hat under the bed and a used sheet stuffed behind the bed. Black spots on the sheet we were using. I think they need to fire their cleaning staff.   Reception staff were friendly and location great. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or25-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,bad,"Bad rooms, no pantry, no hot water. We enter the room without knocking And after I brought them negative criticism they stole my credit details and stole money from me Do not recommend the place at all ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or25-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,This hostel should be closed ....NOW!,"Let me start ... 700 flights, maybe 3000 nights on the road, have visited 100s of hostels including maybe 20 in London :  This is without doubt the worst hostel I have stayed in in over 40 years. Dirty would be a compliment. I am amazed it has a fire certificate, In the event of a fire I see no way that people could safely exit the downstairs (cellar) dormitories. The photos use photographer's licence. The dorm 9 bed (12 sq. meters) looks NOTHING like the photos.  Checkin? Slow - 3 people maybe 15 minutes and the receptionist was eating his dinner the whole time. Talked to me through a mouthful of food. Had no idea how to reach one of the most important local landmarks.   Checkout? There was some drug addict (?) causing trouble and the two receptionists were screaming at each…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or25-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Bedbugs and overloaded facilities,"As this is a hostel, I was prepared for close quarters and plenty of sharing. I did not, however, expect to be sharing my bed. With bedbugs. Also, the hostel has three floors with different shared/private rooms and each floor has a bathroom. Ours had only two toilets, which served for the 30+ guests on that floor, so the toilet:guest ratio was far too low, which makes brushing your teeth a pretty risky game unless you're super comfortable with hearing other people's bowel movements. I can only guess about the shower because we left early, before I was desperate enough to use them. The staff were pretty friendly and fixed a problem where they accidentally double charged me for the stay (beware of this if you pay through booking.com) with no fuss. Price is good but not worth it in…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or25-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,BED BUGS,So i needed a place to stay for one night and i saw that this was the cheapest so i thought why not it’s one night. BOY WAS I WRONG! The place is disgusting! Every time i went to use the toilet it was massively clogged and i didn’t even want to look at the showers if that was the state of the toilets(two total). The room smelled and I found bed bugs when i woke up so i jetted out of there as SOON AS POSSIBLE. The over all cleanliness was thoughly disappointing. When i confronted the staff about the bed bugs they accused me of bringing them... these suckers were big and they were all over the wall... no way did i bring them... i need to shower in bleach rn,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or30-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Dirty Dirty,The rooms are very dirty and looked like they have never been clean.  Also you can see insects on the walls and beds.    Please do not stay in this accommodation it might be cheap but you will become ill.  Also the staff are not friendly and very very Judgmental.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or30-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,BED BUGS,"I was in the room ten minutes until I saw them all over the wall. I packed up then and there, stormed downstairs and checked out. The staff looked indiffent and fully know how infested the place is. It is not worth one nights sleep for 6 weeks of fumigating and burning possessions. If I find any of those bugs in my house, I’m fumigating and sending them the bill.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or30-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Bed bugs!,"We checked in late around 11:30pm to a private room on the first floor. We unpacked all of our belongings and used the dirty co-ed bathrooms. We then went to get into bed and notice huge bed bugs on the walls, pillows, and sheets! We promptly packed up everything and got a refund. The guy at reception didn't seem to care but was understanding of the situation and offered us a new room. We left as we did not want to risk getting bed bugs in another room. Not sure if they even cleaned the room after we left or took us seriously as another review says they were bitten by bed bugs all over. If you are going to stay here make sure you check the bed for bugs before you sleep in it! There are way better hostels around this area that are cleaner and provide better service.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or30-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Bed bug bites all over my body, unclean facilities. Friendly staff and great location. Not worth it!","The first night I was attacked by bed bugs. The following morning I went to report it and the staff new of the infestation. They paid for my belongings to be cleaned and some medication. I'm so upset because I came to London to do some work that I'm now unable to do because of the painful, itchy, red spots all over my body. I've stayed in many hostels and never had this problem before.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or30-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Dirty and unwelcoming,"I stay in a lot of hostels and so I'm well aware of what's possible. Having now read the reviews here I probably wouldn't have stayed. There are better hostels for cheaper rates.  There are a couple of positives, location - a few minute walk to Kings Cross. Privacy curtains on the bunks, not something you see everywhere and each bunk had it's own plug so no fighting a thousand leads to charge your phone.   Now that's all the good I can say.  The staff on reception couldn't have cared less, barely 2 words on check-in, on checkout, literally not one word. I handed him card, he gave me the deposit. No goodbye, nothing.   I know it's a hostel and I certainly don't expect 5 star luxury but basic cleanliness would be nice. The floor and walls everywhere, including the room were…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or35-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,will be back,I would have given 4.5 stars but you can't. its a hostel close to kings cross and st Pancras I stayed in a 12 bed dorm which was clean other than a few suitcases on the floor. fresh sheets which smelled nice. got locked out of my dorm as I forgot my key card the receptionist Kindly let me back into the room at 3am. I have never stayed in a hostel before but I must say from this hostel I will be staying in more. it was cheap and somewhere to put my head for the night what else can you ask for. Thanks Home London I will be back,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or35-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Amazing staff,"I was looking for a place to stay last minute so I found home London. Staff are amazing and there are some long termers that stay there wich are quite fun. Clean place, and help is always there from any staff member. Definitely doing this again.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or35-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great time,Had to stay in london over night as had a early train to Paris. I booked a 12 bed dorm at a reasonable price room had a few suitcases in it but it was comfy. They also offered a free breakfast which was nice but basic. Will probably be back on my way home from France,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or35-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,fantastic hostel,so happy I found this great hostel in the centre of London with such low prices! They have amazing bar with cheap drinks. Staff was helpful and very friendly and the cat is super cute. I would reccomend this hostel to anyone travelling alone or with friends.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or35-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,My stay,"I would never ever recommend this place to anyone. Firstly, the desk staff disappear constantly and at prime times during the day. The room smells of body odor always and is damp. The triple bunks shake and rattle throughout the night. The bathrooms were always dirty and there was only one dedicated female toilet that was not repspected as such. The wifi was a joke. The breakfast is no longer free. Although no one can control their guests, I was verbally harassed by some.   All of this wouldn't matter with the price that is offered, but my rating also reflects the fact that I escaped Home London with only 8 blistering, oozing BED BUG bites. The front desk staff seemed indifferent.  Do not stay here unless you must.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or40-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great Vibe,Staff were really helpful and a great place to just lay your head after a Mad day in London. They also have a bar that is run by Eva which local beers at a cheap price. Would recommend staying here even value for money in the centre of town.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or40-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"friendly atmosphere, great staff, low prices","booked a 17 bed room. met loads of great people, the bar was the cheapest I found in London. Prices were low, and the location was perfect, a few minutes walk from kings cross. Staff were very friendly, my only minor complaint would be the  music in the bar, awfull comerical club music does not fit in with the welcoming homely atmosphere",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or40-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Don't book!! You might struggle to get out of your booking. Easily the worst accommodation you will pay for in the UK.,"We have checked out two days early because our first night was shocking. We are pretty hardy people but waking up to the place being smashed up at 4am, the police interviewing some poor woman outside our window was rancid icing on the creepy cake. the place has an overall feel of misery and deprivation, the floor is sticky the walls are filthy and grim. Ours wasn't even that cheap at 227 for three nights. We had previously tried to cancel our booking, but it wasn't an option which I'm fairly sure goes against the statutory rights, we weren't offered a reimbursement for our room despite being clear about why we left early. The whole experience was ludicrously bad, we can't even believe it ourselves, we're just glad we are able to stay somewhere else unlike all the poor lot left…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or40-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not safe for women - avoid at all costs,"I have stayed in a lot of hostels and this is by far the worst. The hostel is filthy - the sheets had not been cleaned as I found someone else's shopping receipt in my sheets.  Whilst drinking in the hostel bar, a member of staff who I had never met touched me on the arms and legs.  I was part of a large group staying in the hostel and other women in my group reported male members of staff entering their room in the middle of the night and trying to get IN BED WITH THEM. This was reported to reception who seemed to think it was funny rather than a serious abuse of power.  The breakfast is dire, the cereal looked like it had been sat there longer than the building itself.  There seems to be drug use amongst the staff - I have no problem with personal drug use, but doing it in the…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or40-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Avoid ,"Unless you're a midget, have the skin of a rhino and have no sense of smell avoid this hostel (absolute dive) at all costs.  I know I'm a more mature man (56) and expect certain standards usually, yes I know I have to make allowances for hostels, but I've recently stayed in a hostel in Swiss Cottage with no complaints at all, and I'm now in one of the Clink hostels which is bordering on a hotel but still quite cheap, but Home hostel has to be the worst I've ever stayed in, and apart from the friendly guy on the morning shift, the only really friendly welcoming attraction was Charlie the famous hostel cat.  You might think I'm being unfair bcos I'm an old git but really I'm not.  The hostel is very tight on space, the luggage room downstairs behind the basement bar smelt very…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or45-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Central but unwelcoming!,"I stayed in Home London for two nights and although the hostel was super central I am glad I only stayed for two nights. The staff was either rude or unfriendly, the bed sheets did not look like they had been washed, the kitchen was poorly equipped and the whole place was rather repulsive. Nevertheless, I can recommend the place if you want to travel on a low budget, however I would not suggest to stay for more than two nights.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or45-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not good,"So this is a cheap hostel, and you don't expect five-star luxury, but it is really not good. The place is dirty, the showers are cold, the kitchen filthy, and the staff unhelpful, uncaring and on occasion creepy. The only relatively good thing, was the drinks prices in the evening, and the friendly woman who worked behind the bar. Two pints of Stella for £5 is a steal in London. Aside from that – I would not come back here, even if the stay was free, although it is only a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross station.   The rooms have stacks of 3-bed bunks in them - 12 people if you're lucky, 15 if you're not, and if you end up next to the window as I did, it's draughty and very noisy because you're next to the main road. There were weird stains on the curtains around the bed, and the…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or45-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great hostel,"Super well located (less than 5min walking from King's Cross Station), very helpful staff, shared kitchen available to the guests all day and a reeeally fun bar with great atmosphere and really good prices.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or45-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Dirty, skanky hostel","I've stayed in a number of hostels in London and would never recommend this one. This place is dirty the showers don't work properly and I didn't feel comfortable staying here or leaving my stuff. I know sounds like I'm moaning, why stay in a hostel if I'm stuck up. I'm not. I have stayed in Clink 261 and generator hostel both close to kings cross and amazing hostels. I checked out of this place early and staff looked like they'd heard these complaints a thousand times.. they didn't care. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or45-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Amazing Staff,I had an amazing time staying here for a few days the staff at reception made me feel really welcome I stayed in a 12 bed dorm beds were comfy and the sheets smelt really clean. They have a bar with cheap drinks and good music.The bar also serves Pizza. the breakfast was included in the price and renting a towel was easy and just £2. I will definatly be going back there on my next trip to London.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or50-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,NIGHTMARE!,"NOTHING GOOD AT ALL! DIRTY, SMELLY, LOOKED LIKE A PIRATE SHIP!  The wifi didn't work at all! I felt unsafe and worried about my stuff!! The breakfast was a DISASTER! I checked out earlier than expected! I preferred to sleep one night at the Airport FLOOR! NEVER AGAIN! Just avoid this place!",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or50-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not safe!,"The staff were friendly, but that's about all I can say that's positive. Despite my booking including a towel, I never got this and had to pay for one (ok fine it's £2 but it's the principle). The safe in my room didn't work at all, despite literature telling you to use the safe for your valuables. The female showers were out of order. But the worst thing was that despite having a private room and having it locked, during the night two separate people managed to access my room with their key card. So I'm afraid for that reason alone, I wouldn't recommend staying here, especially if you're a woman on your own. Pay £5 extra and stay at a much more secure hostel down the road.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or50-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not a bad place ,Really nice and helpful staff.Great buffet breakfast and easy to find the hostel because it’s so close to the King’s Cross Metro Station.Hopefully will get the opportunity to stay here again sometime soon ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or50-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Really bad,"It’s a Really bad place, the staff don’t help you in any problems you can have, the bad is really uncomfortable and the bathroom doesn’t seem to be clean everyday. The only good point is the location.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or50-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"DIRTY, SMELLY, WITH BED BUGS AND RUDE STAFF.","BED BUGS. Do I need to say more. I understand this can happen but the staff just don't care and treat you in a very rude way.  I saw the bugs crawling next to my bed, so I packed my stuff and checked out immediately. The guy at the reception was not surprised (looked like I was not the first one reporting this) and honestly he could not care less. I was told I could not get my money back since I had not been bitten by the bugs. WTF??? It was 11pm and I had no place to stay and was quite tired, so I walked away to find another hostel before midnight. I came back the other day, there was a different person at the reception who refunded at least one of the two nights I had booked. I regret I even checked in as there was a strange smell all over the place and everything looked just…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or55-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Cheated,"I tired to book a mixed dorm of three for three people and when I called I was told this was possible and to all be put in the same room but I had to book online, but they lied!!! Once I had booked for one I was told the room was full and that my colleagues would have to go in a separate room!!! I explained that we could only stay together as it i the only way we can attempt to expense through work, they said that it couldn’t be done even though they had promised before booking! They would not refund for one person even though this all happened within minutes of making the booking! I am now having to pay for this out of my own pocket and get another hotel room with my colleagues! What a waste when I can’t even use this room. Don’t promise things you can’t deliver, what bad…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or55-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good,"At first I wasn’t sure but it was a good experience, better than expected. The 6 bed girls room was ok, the room had a mirror with light, each bed had a socket and a lamp, which is very useful when other people is sleeping and you need to turn the light on and in many days it wasn’t full booked so we had enough space, privacy and could sleep well and it was safe to keep your luggage there. Water in female showers was cold but downstairs it was hot and you have space for your clothes. Breakfast is simple but it’s ok for the price and it helps a lot but there’s no enough place in the tables for all hosts that gather every morning. There is a backyard, people stayed there until late and in the room you can listen everything so it difficult to get asleep with noise, talk and laughs…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or55-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Very crowded and very noisy,"I stayed in a 6-person female dorm with 2 bunk beds, each stacked 3 high.  The room was incredibly small and there definitely was not enough floor space for everyone to have a suitcase, much less walk around.  There's not enough room (height) to sit up in the beds which makes the lack of floor space even harder to deal with.  The light on my bunk didn't work, and the beds themselves are really creaky and noisy.  Also, the room stank of smoke - I don't think anyone had smoked in the room, but it was coming in through the hall/back door near our room.     The walls are really thin, and you can hear every word people are saying in the hallway.  There's a bar in the basement of the hostel which was right under our room - the music was blaring until about 1:00 am meaning no one in…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or55-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great Location and hostelling facilities,I've used this place a couple of times now and found that it is excellent value for money. I like to use a place more than once before I write a review on it. First off I found the entrance not obvious to find at first. It just a short distance from King's Cross/St Pancras station and convenient for Sadler's Wells theatre of contemporary dance. There's plenty of nightlife in the area as well. It's got a great little cellar bar for it's clients and is clean. For backpackers the kitchen is useful with reasonable facilities and a fridge. There is a free pretty secure storage room where you can place larger baggage and free wifi too. There was a computer sitting in the kitchen area but I never tried it so I don't know whether it's working for internet or not but I think most people…,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or55-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not bad,"Do you want to experience living in the ‘in-mate’ like bunk bed. Here’s the place. Each bed has curtains, so it feels more private than most hostel. The bed was small (170cm and it fits me from head to sole of my feet).  The bathroom is just like when you’re showering together in dormitory or like your basketball club shower room. The kitchen was normal, slightly dirty. But the toilet is not that clean (useable except for the unisex toilet, zero privacy, super dirty, and have broken locks). No lockers in the room but they provide locker rooms (one is a room made a locker, the other room has small lockers). Lockers are free from checkin to checkout, but you have to pay afterwards. Towels are for hire.  The receptionists are less social to the residents (they’re really quite and…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or60-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Extremely unwelcoming,First review of a hostel and I think there's a reason for it... Turned up very excited to stay at this establishment as I was staying with a few of my friends and it seemed ideal for students considering the price and the clientele. Well that was quickly ruined the moment we stepped foot into the hostel. Being sworn at and rudely spoken to as if we had offended the owner by paying him for the bed and a hefty deposit.  I would have definitely recommended this place because of the price and its decent beds had we not been spoken to like naughty five year olds. ,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or60-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great Location.,"Stayed a couple of nights, exactly what you expect with the price. Clean with a great location. Everything you need. Great value considering location and in London. Would definitely recommend if you just need a place to rest your head.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or60-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great bar and location ,"I stayed with a friend during a trip to London and had a fab time! The bar served great cocktails and there was a really friendly atmosphere. The beds and rooms were comfortable, and the communal eating space was very friendly. Also an amazing location to see london.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or60-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great location... That's it,"As in most cities, location really matters, and this hostel's location is great: next to King's Cross @ St Pancras Station, walking distance to many cool spots. However, I'm not sure I would stay here again. I'd definitely look for other options first. The rooms are tiny with nowhere to sit, to put your stuff, etc. Is just a very enclosed space full of bunk beds. The bunk beds were ok, uncomfortable but you can't expect anything fancy for the price. The restrooms were ok but limited space and limited stalls meant during peak hours it was a hassle to find a free space. The tiki bar was ok as well, nothing special. The staff wasn't as friendly or welcoming. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or60-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disapointing,"Stayed for a few days and was very disappointed, the pictures on booking.com don't match with the reality, the room was very tiny and the beds were bad Staff was not very helpful, didn't seem to care that every tap was leaking... Breakfast was basic  No lockers in the rooms, you have to pay to get one You also have to pay to store your bag after checkout, never seen that before! Would not recommend",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or65-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Great location, beautiful double room","I stayed in a double room by myself. I was surprised how equipped it was, it had a TV, a safe, a desk, a kettle, coffee and tea, towels and fan. I stayed only 2 nights but it would have been fine even for longer. I liked that they did not enter my room to clean unless i requested it. The room itself was beautifully painted in a very modern style.  Other areas of the hostel were fine too, I did not expect much because of the cheap price but got way more! I had good but simple breakfast both days and went on exploring London.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or65-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great Location,"Very loud, doors banging and door alarms going off loads, you get what you pay for . Stayed on the ground floor private room.  Location is brilliant as right beside the train station. I personally would not stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or65-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Average though your mileage might vary,"Stayed: August 4-6, 2017 (two nights) Room: double room (private), 2 people Cost: 50 - 60 £ / night for the room What's included: a twin bed, two towels, a safe, a small table with chair, a small TV and a window  The hostel is located in a great spot, right outside King's Cross, this is by far the best feature of the hostel. The place is very tight, room was small and the whole building is very narrow, although I didn't mind this, it would be difficult if you have a lot of or large luggage. The bathrooms and showers are shared, fairly well maintained, but not a lot of stalls available, so try and avoid the ""peak"" hours. The walls are thin and you can hear what's happening on the streets outside, but to be fair we left the window open because there's no air conditioner. If a door…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or65-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,terrible customer service and ameneties,"I showed up around midnight, tired from work. Receptionist told me they were going to cash up so couldn't check me in for 15 mins. No apology. Said there wasn't anywhere to wait as downstairs was flooded (it was raining outside). Eventually checked me in, said showers weren't working and only toilets on 1 floor was. Again, no apology. Terrible.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or65-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Nice place for a cheap stay,"I booked a womens only room with 3 bunks, as it turns out when I was getting ready for my night out I was the only person in there, which was handy! I can imagine in the larger dorms it can be a lot nosier but the quiet suits me fine so I was happy.   Room was clean, sheets were clean, staff were friendly on greeting and leaving (Hostel cat was nonchalant - very cute!).   Had a quick drink in the Tiki Bar before leaving which was quite cool. Would definitely stay again if travelling alone just for a night, very good prices and comfortable atmosphere.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or70-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Friendly people and cool tiki bar!,"I was in a 6 bed dorm and 5 bed dorm. Both were nice and clean, there is a fan mounted on the wall to turn on if it gets too warm. Curtains on each bed for privacy and breakfast every morning. Staff are very cool and answered all my questions. The location is right in the heart of London and the tourist attractions are reached for a very short time.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or70-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Cancellation policies,Booked a room 2 days ago but had to cancel due to a unforeseen advent Rang today to get a refund but was told it is non-refundable. They only got the payment today  So I have lost over £100 It not like I left it to the last minute(the booking was for over a weeks time) I find it unfair,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or70-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Piss poor with a good location,"Stayed here with a friend. 160£ for a bed in a tiny room with shared bath is ridiculously expensive. Dirty showers, poor breakfast. Staff was friendly at check-in, unfriendly at check out.  Really good location. ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or70-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great hostel! ,"Me and my cousins stayed two nights in this hostel in a three bed dorm and we had a very pleasant experience. The staff is super nice and the location is amazing,  near Kings Cross train and metro station, and in a street full of restaurants and pubs. Breakfast was good as well.  Although we had a good experience the hostel needs some finishing touches, since it's in an old building. But some construction work was being made, so I think it will be better next time I'll come back. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or70-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great place if you dont mind a cold room..,"I stayed at this hostel, because of the price and the location, which is a perfect place to stay in in Central London.   Good points: staff was friendly, good breakfast, WiFi, worked, hot showers and friendly travelers. Good bed mattress to sleep in. Friendly laid back atomspehere, young hip travelers so you will have good mates next to you.  Bad points: the hostel does not have adequate heaters, so your so cold at night, I eventually got a cold, beause the room was so cold. When I told the staff about, they didn't do anything about it.The rooms are over packed so there is little or no space to put your things.also if you extend your stay, they keep changing your room, so you end up waking up early, moving up and down and everywhere. An inconvience.  I would reccomed to stay…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or75-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Middling,"My boyfriend booked this due to its good location. Thats really the only good thing about it. We had a private room on the ground floor near reception. The room was spacious enough and had a tv. The sheets didn't seem all that clean and there was a large window behind the bed, great for light, but letting in a draught and a lot of noise even when closed. Our proximity to the main door made for a very loud sleep free night. The staff were friendly and helpful in letting us store our bags there for a few hours after check out. But if you are looking for just a bed to have a sleep maybe look elsewhere or request a quieter room if they have them.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or75-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good luck with your stay here ,"Was in a rush to find a cheap place to stay, so booked this place for 2 nights. Great location without doubt, good receptionist, mediocre facilities, messy and tiny room, poor bunk beds.  The first night stay was really a nightmare, so many people were snoring and the whole room smelled disgusting. The sounds from the street is rather loud. No space to store your stuff, no free lockers available, everything here is most likely need paying, including storing luggage after check out. Bedding stuff not clean, saw the housekeeping clean up the floor with the vacuum and take the trash out, that's it, no blanket, sheet, pillow changing at all. To stay here, you'll have to be pretty fit physically so that you can manipulate the bunk bed on the third level. The shower room is small as…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or75-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Great staff, great location","Had a single room which had adequate space, it is a backpackers after all Other facilities are basic. Shower facilities very cramped. Provided a basic breakfast but you could make your own pancakes which was a nice touch. Staff friendly and helpful. Great location close to St Pancreas station.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or75-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,One night is enough,The staff seem nice... price wasn't bad for location... the cramped bedrooms aren't the greatest so I would hate to stay there for more than one night and sober. Having the lockers out in the hallway was a bit dodgy to me - I was a bit worried about all our stuff. ,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or75-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Very good location , good service but poor facilities","Pros: Friendly, hard working staff, good location. light and charging facilities at bed, free breakfast with crepe maker!  Cons: no alcohol allowed (even though they have lost their alcohol sale licence), very very cramped, no space at all, have to pay for bag storage, no friends allowed, small common room space",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or80-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Good location and service, but a bit cramped","Myself and a few friends stayed at the Home Hostel for a weekend.   Checking in was straight forward, although you have to pay an additional fee for a locker (per day), which is very uncommon in hostel. In addition, the lockers are situated outside of the rooms.   The hostel is quite cramped. We stayed in a 9 bed mixed dorm, which has 3 x 3 tired bunk beds. The beds are comfy and include a light and plug socket, although they can a squeeze to get in and out of.  The bathrooms were clean and the showers were generally warm.  There are large communal areas, including a kitchen. There is a free breakfast, although we were never up early enough to have it.  The location of the hostel is great. About a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross Station and a 2 minute walk from a small…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or80-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Cramed,"If you suffer from the smallest case of claustrophobia, this is not the place for you. Everything is small and cramed together. A small female only room hade three beds on top of each other and nearly no place for your things. One toilet was so small you neraly had to climb on top of the toilet seat to get the door closed. The dining rooms are small and in the cellar with no windows.  But the staf is very nice and the location is great.",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or80-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"A bunker, but a nice one","I really liked this hostel. It had a lot of nice facilities including boardgames, movies, tv, good kitchen facilities and cool vibe. It was also pretty cheap considering the location. It was not the cleaniest hostel or the largest one, but that's why I liked it. You can enjoy the different types of people who are all nice there.   They also arrange events like poker night, movie night etc. that you can't really find in many hostels. Many other hostels may have events, but usually you have to pay for those.  I don't know if they've fixed the bar table downstairs yet, but if they have, then it's a definitely worth going to if you don't mind the dirtyness and tightness.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or80-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Unforgettable experience...,"Where do I begin...  First off, the cat Charlie is probably the best thing about the place. And. Karl who works on reception. Very helpful, well spoken, polite and tentative. He works extremely hard and definitely deserves a pay rise in my opionion. Also I'd like to praise the cleaners who did an amazing job and were always polite and helpful throughout my stay.   Downside: food going missing from the very hectic packed fridge full of tesco carrier bags. There is no freezer. Every four weeks a new set of cocktail makers arrive, 20 in total i think, who take up the whole of the common area and are very clicky... There is no air conditiong in the common area which is in the basememt so be prepared if you are a hot person and clostraphobic.  The very tiny kitchen has no oven, and…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or80-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Cheap, great location, free breakfast!","I chose a 9 bed female only bedroom.  Pros: Location, Tesco Metro and train station nearby. Each bed has a socket and light.  Privacy blinds. There was a well lit mirror and wall-fan in our room. Shower was adequate. Small but functional. It was cleaned often. Even though there were only 3 showers on my 1st floor, I never had to wait in a line to use them. The bins in the room were emptied regularly.  Breakfast was standard but multiple selection of spreads and jams!  TV in the common room which showed live Euro matches, with selection of books. Helpful staff and cute cat!  Kitchen fully stocked so you can cook dinner.  WiFi was wonderful, worked everywhere for me.  Cons: Girl next to my bed was snoring loudly, but that's not the hostel's fault. The single-glazed window was…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or85-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,More like the CANNOT&PAY hostel.,"The worst hostel I've ever been. It's a freaking bunker, smelly and dirty. And it's not even the worst part! You have to pay for everything! What kind of hostel, community, family feeling is that?? I brought my own locker, but no! I had to pay if I wanted my belongings safe!  ""But its ok, you can put it in our storage room... it's 2pounds per bag."" - What kind of option is that?  No friends allowed in the hostel! And I'm talking about having a friend over for dinner or a beer, or just to wait inside...NO. You can't bring anyone that is not paying inside. Also, You cannot drink anywhere in the house during the time the bar is open, if it is open you need to buy from them.  They sell adaptors for 5pounds, you get it on the street for 2. My blanket had blood on it. The employees…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or85-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Bareable staying,"I went with 2 off my friend,,,due to maybe miss-communication thought online booking we end up in mix bunker.we actually wanted a female room, but we make do wit the situation as there now available female room on tat day due to weekend, the receptionist are superbly helpful and friendly with charley the cat perking up the mood for the customer who was there. Breakfast it decently pleasant, variation of cereal, jam and bread!!enof to start our touring for the day. The bed is a bit pack, with 3 layer bunker bed, and limited space for movement, we got a nasty roommate on the last day, as he was scolding us packing our beg for check out, but overall stay it ok!!",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or85-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Rooms not amazing at all, everything else quite awesome","We booked 2 beds in a 17 bed dormitory and we were put in a 9 bed dormitory. Everything awesome, so far. But when I saw that we were actually in the dungeon, I was quite  disappointed. It was a tiny little room, with 3 towers of 3 beds each, in a room with some kind of window in the ceiling.  There was very little space for a person to move, between beds, stairs, suitcases, everything. It was claustrophobic and I'm normally quite ok with everything. Also, the rooms were not clean, but online comments had already kind of prepared me for that. The staff was amazing and super helpful! The bathrooms were clean and equipped with all the basic things.  The breakfast was very, very nice.. there's not a huge variety of things, but a huge variety of the same things: several types of…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or85-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Location location,"First of all the location is perfect.  King cross 5 minute walk away, grocery store 3 minutes, bars and restaurants on same road, bus stop as well.  Reception was very nice and polite.  WiFi was good for the most part, I lost connection occasionally in evenings.  Bed was decent and I had no complaints about the bottom bunk of 3.  Bathrooms, breakfast were both sufficient.  Overall a pleasant stay as long as you go in not expecting what you might get for 3 times the price.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or85-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Feels like home ,"The perfect place to meet new people from all over the world. Everything is close and you can go anywhere by foot. Very cosy place and the staff is polite and friendly. Clean place, comfortable and after a month here feels like home.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or90-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,A so-so choice in London,"The reception is quite nice to me and that cat is very cute!!!!   I dont really like they use password for the room access but it should be my personal feeling only. It needs some skills to open the door, say you should not open the door immediately after you key in the password, but you can't open it really late. My roommate felt frustrated on it.  The worst thing is, the bed is not clean enough and they use white linen. It is very easy to see so, erm, dont know how to say but maybe thats's related to the cheap price?  The female toilet is very small as well. If you wanna open the door when you are inside the toilet, you have to move to the corner and free the space for the door.  The wifi is strong enough in my room, thats a point that I really appreciate.  As the price of…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or90-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great place to meet people in a perfect location!,"Journeys is situated in a perfect location for sightseeing throughout London. The hostel has a great relaxed vibe, with friendly,helpful staff. The facilities are satisfactory but are always cleaned thoroughly. Although communal areas are small, it is a guarantee that you will strike up a conversation or get invited to a game of poker or a great night out! I have stayed at a number of hostels in London and I keep coming back here- it is a home from home. It's not perfect but it is what you make of it!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or90-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Truly awful,"Not worth the money! Awful stay here. The location cannot be beaten, and say access to tube station as well as walking distance to Camden Town. Felt like I was in a prison cell in our dorm. Communal shower area was extremely pokey. Breakfast was sufficient. Lacking any real atmosphere",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or90-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Tons of fun and super central,Such a great hostel! I planned on staying for a couple of days and never wanted to leave this charming place. Its so centrally located with great links to all the London hot spots. It's a really friendly and welcoming environment where I made some great friends. The staff are always willing to help and have smile on their faces. Its got a really feel good atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend this hostel to other backpackers heading to London!,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or90-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Horrible service,Overpriced for private rooms. £40 per night and you would expect a bathroom for that price surely! Immediately tried to get a refund to no avail. Exceptionally poor customer service refusing a refund and refusal to speak to the manager. Really rude over the phone and poor quality service over email.  Wish I had read reviews before rushing to book this place because the service is literally awful. NEVER BOOK HERE!!!!!!,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or95-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Everything you need from a hostel,"Location. It's minutes from King cross station, which means transportation to everywhere.  The staff was always smiling and seemed happy to help. To be honest, I was a little bit worried about staying in this hostel, not sure why. I almost cancelled my booking. Now, I glad i didn't.  I stayed in a 9 bed dorm, and I had everything I needed. The curtains in each bed are an excellent touch...you get privacy even in a 9 bed dorm!!! I'm kind of claustrophobic, but even though the space with the upper bed is smaller than normally, it is totally fine, although I did bumped my head a few times, but it was ok.  Toilets and showers in good conditions. Breakfast is ok, coffee, tea, toast, cereals... Excellent value for money. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or95-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Amazing!,"I loved this hostel so much! The rooms were a bit small but for what you're paying for its perfect! The staff were so friendly and we felt welcome straight away! All the lodgers were friendly as well. The location is perfect, just next to kings cross station! All in all we had a great stay!! Thank you to Journeys hostel!! ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or95-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Very central, clean, friendly","I stayed in Journeys Hostel in Kings Cross, London this weekend and I was very satisfied with my stay. The hostel is in a very good location, approx 3 minutes from Kings Cross tube station and there is a Tesco express across the road. I stayed in a 17 bed mixed dormitory which I found to be a small bit tight for space. The bathrooms were clean and there was separate female showers. The staff were very friendly and welcoming, I drank with fellow guests and staff members most evenings! I would recommend this hostel for a weekend stay/ short visit, especially if you want to explore the city as kings cross station is linked to most tube lines. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or95-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Decent hostel,"Decent hostel in your staying short term.  Hallways are extremely skinny. Kind of difficult to navigate. Bunk beds go 3 up.  Our room had a very loud snorer.  Not much we could do about it.  Good location, close to train station.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or95-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good location and staff,"Great staff,well lighted rooms though a bit overcrowded. Good breakfast.WiFi was accessible in all areas.Good toilets.Though it was the only place where I paid for left luggage and the safety locker.Nearby restaurants are quite good especially Q's.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or100-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great staff and good location.,"I stayed at this hostel for a month, the staff was amazing, helpful and service minded. I had a nice time, really felt I was a guest, not a customer. The beds are equipped with curtains so you can have some privacy. The location is good, it´s a supermarket across the street, and only couple minutes to the train station and underground. I really recommend this hostel.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or100-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Good Staff and good location,not a great property","Pros: Friendly staff, good location. Everyone is helpful and serves with a smile. they have a late night pizza service which is quite good and convenient.  cons. the building is old and creaky. room walls are quiet thin and you can hear noises from outside. no private bathrooms for double rooms which was pretty inconvenient. only one female only bathroom,that too on the first floor . free breakfast is basic ( as expected), should have a paid upgrade.  would like to stay again but only because the staff is friendly.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or100-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Expensive, bad service, bad quality.","Hopefully I wil never come back again. I had to sleep in a triple bed room, I didn´t even know until I got to the room. Dirty room, dirty shower also to share, plugs in the room didn´t work and all the staff was completely helpless and rude everytime.  Bad choice.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or100-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,like it or not..,Area kIngs cross not bad.. short ways to train.. but to sleep in a room with no  windows? You think you can not breath.. I havent expected that this is possible nowadays.. Some  mood in 2 rooms.. So I had before better hostels.. this I think they have to improve...or to tell that there rooms with no window.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or100-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Cramped, but friendly and clean!","Great staff. They were friendly and always happy to help. I was traveling solo and they made me feel welcome throughout my entire stay. Sunday night is free, all-you-can-eat pancake night. Great location next to King's Cross, just an 8-minute walk away.   The rooms were cramped (I stayed in the 12-bed and 17-bed dormitories), but generally clean and the beds were comfortable. Bathrooms and kitchen area were also in good condition.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or105-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,DON'T BOOK HERE!,"I was originally going to stay 3 nights here .... that's before I got there. I could barely turn around in the room that they had (somehow) crammed 6 people into. The bed was rock hard and the pillow was more of a thin piece of fabric. The room and bathroom were filthy and the facilities were poor at best. The only good thing about the experience was that I had only paid for the first nights stay, so I wasn't out of pocket when I left first thing in the morning to go to another hostel (which was 100 times better in every way and much cheaper). Even if you are on a super tight budget, DO NOT lower yourself to book here. The only good thing about this place was the people at reception, they were very helpful and very understanding.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or105-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,nice hostel,"the hostel is in the center of London, close to the metro line, it's got nice atmosphere, people are helpful :) there is also a fabulous cat :D the toilets/ showers are clean, the rooms are small and a bit frouzy but one has got privacy because there are curtains around each bed; breakfast is ok, kitchen available; big plus for the iron and hairdryer                      ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or105-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Cramped up dorms, But good location","I booked this hostel yesterday evening for the same night because I just wanted a place to sleep for the night. For the price and location, no complains. Its 5 minutes walk from King's cross tube station.  Negatives: 1. Dorms at really cramped-up. And my dorm was really messy with clothes, bags and what-not lying around. There is hardly space to put luggage. I have stayed in hostels across Europe and never seen this cramped up dorm. Thankfully, I just had a small bag.  2. There are no lockers in the room. You have to rent the lockers. Different prices for different sizes.  3. I was told and its written on reception that breakfast is available till 10.00 am. I reached the kitchen at 9.50 a.m. to be told that its available till 9.45 a.m. They should be consistent in their policy.…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or105-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,A perfectly fine basic hostel bed,"The positives: staff were friendly, breakfast was free (just toast and cereal, but that's all you need), the rooms and facilities were clean, and the location was brilliant (just round the corner from King's Cross). Each bed has curtains, an individual light and a socket - so no queueing to charge phones. There were also very cute lit up mirrors in the girl's bedroom.  Top tip: request a top bunk if you are at all claustrophobic! I couldn't even sit up in my bottom bunk which made for a bit of a sore head when I woke up...  My only real negatives were the size of the bunks which were very cramped and also the toilets - there is only 1 toilet on the first floor, for at least 4 rooms of 6-9 girls each. Annoying in the middle of the night!  But for £20.99, I'd happily stay here…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or105-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Would consider again,"I stayed in Journeys Hostel in between a late flight and an early train, so I didn't experience much of it, but my bedding was very comfortable, and the lounge and dining area seemed like they'd make for a pleasant longer stay. Was very happy to find there was a free breakfast! One small downside was noise late at night, but my definition of late may be skewed, as I was running on Chinese time on arrival!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or110-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,The worst experience I have ever had. It looks like  a bunker rather than a Hostel!,"Living here for ten days meant having the worst experience in all my life. Journeys is dirty, untidy and you should know that it looks like a bunker rather than a Hostel!  The staff is friendly, sure, but everything inside is old-fashioned and rooms are awful and dirty. I won't come here anymore, even if it will be the last hotel in all London. Living on the road, is much better!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or110-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good place for backpackers,"Very warm welcoming and atmosphere. Also very polite staff. Rooms were tiny, a bit hard to move around if there was lotsof luggages. Nice common room and kitchen. I enjoyed my time there and most likely will go again :)",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or110-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Perfect for the average backpacker, nice location, good price","I thought this hostel was a great place to lay my head for one night on a short trip to London. The beds were very comfortable, and the duvet kept me lovely and warm. I liked that all the beds had their own curtains so even though I was in a 15 bed dorm it still felt very private and comfy.  The included breakfast in the morning was a nice surprise, although some brown bread would've been nice!  The toilets were clean but it was a little odd that they were unisex.  All in all I thought this hostel was good value, in the lovely Kings Cross area, with good access to the rest of the city. There was lots of travel information available at reception. I would stay here again and recommend for small groups or single travelers.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or110-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Awful. Don't stay here!!,"The dorms are tiny, and by tiny I mean TINY. They were dank, smelly and just disgusting. I've stayed in many hostels all over the world and this was by far the worse. There wasn't even enough room to sit up on my bed. Terrible. Also, the temperature was way too hot. They had the heating on for some reason! I asked the staff 3 times to turn it off.   Staff were rude, inconsiderate and unhelpful.  The cost was unreasonable. I know London is expense, but this hostel is way overpriced. I would never stay here again. I had a terrible time.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or110-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,A good hostel. As advertised and what I expected.,"Myself and 9 other friends stayed in this hostel as we were exhibiting at New Designers at the beginning of July 2015. Staff were helpful in rearranging people to ensure that the 10 of us were staying in the same room together. Great location so we could walk to Business Design Centre easily within 20 mins. Hostel was as advertised and just what I expected. The only thing I would say is that the Kitchen is below ground level, and on the hottest day of this year, was very very hot and uncomfortable! Same with the rooms, no air conditioning, and staying in a 12 bed dorm made sleeping difficult as again, it was very hot, even when I was sleeping next to an open window. Little space in the rooms for bags. Especially 12+ of them. As most of us were friends though we learnt to just…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or115-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,I pray this isn't the quality of hostels London has to offer.,"Location is great. Check-in was alright, they have a tiny stairwell that you might have trouble with if you're carrying a huge luggage. Rooms are ridiculously cramped. Poorly constructed 3 tiered beds with metal pipe ladders, painful climbs up and down. Thankful to have plugs and night light available next to every bed, but poorly built into a wooden plank that's screwed awkwardly into middle section of bed.  Kitchen available for use, fridge as well. Breakfast of toast, several spreads, cereals, juice and hot beverages are sufficient. Wifi available everywhere.  Shared unisex bathroom in basement and female showers on 1st floor, hairdryers were a nice surprise for me considering the condition of this place.  There are no lockers available at all in the rooms, however they rent…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or115-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Welcoming,"The bedroom was small for nine people, especially for girls with their huge luggages, but for a couple of days it was okay. The location is great, but you have to deal with the noise from the street (which completely prevented me from sleeping on my very first night). The bathroom was not that clean and you can't set the water temperature (which is either cold or hot). Despite that, the hostel is very welcoming and the staff is nice. The common areas are definitively a plus, cosy and comfortable ! I had a great time everytime i went there ! I would stay there again for the amazing atmosphere !",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or115-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great Hostel,This is a great hostel in great location. Staff are all friendly and the hostel is clean. The free continental breakfast was an added bonus. They have nice common areas where you can sit and relax after a long day. My only negative would be that it is very hot inside the hostel. There doesn't seem to be any air circulation which makes it quite stuffy inside. Would definitely return and would not hesitate recommending it for someone who wants a cheap night or more in London. ,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or115-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Horrific experience!,"It was an horrific hostel. Please do not stay here. Location is great but it's not worth the money. Better to stay somewhere else and travel a couple of tube stations into London than staying here.  Room was tiny and dirty, my window didn't close, staff was unhelpful and guests had no respect for each other.  I stayed in a private double room and was given a code at check in to get into the room. On my second night at 6am another guest must have got confused and walked into my room! She was given the same code for her own room. When I complained at reception they said they couldn't do anything about it.... I didn't pay £69 to have someone walking into my bedroom...",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or115-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Overnight Experience,"Service was excellent.  Breakfast milk appeared in my opinion to be off, not sure if it was the type of milk, but I saw other individuals throwing away their milk. The location was great.  I just thought that the kitchen could have been more accommodating for late arrivals, or at least this can be indicated that their is a cut off time for food availability, so that you would know how to prepare yourself before you arrive.               ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or120-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,TOO TINY PLACE,"I stayed 2 nights in a room for 3 female. There was a triple deck bed and a small dressing table.  I got second floor of the bed, and could not even sit on the bed, had to hunch my back. It's too narrow for everyone, even short asian woman. Breakfast was not horrible, but the bread was too hard and not fresh. It's good place to get St.pancras station, I am just satisfied that I didn't miss the train in the morning.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or120-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,The place to NOT be,"Having done MANY hostels with sharing rooms, I wouldn't expect that bad of a stay.  Poor quality building, rooms are shared between 12 people, sometimes more. Too many people in a way too tiny space. The ""resting room"" and the kitchen are always crowded, and there is NEVER any quiet space EVER; being in a one month course where we had to study every night after class, we coulndnt manage to, so we had to find other places by ourselves to study. Privacy = NON EXISTENT  Your belongings will constantly disapear, even though they offer lockers (too tiny by the way, and 30 pounds per month...) you won't find your shower gel or tooth paste anymore, and don't get me started on electronic stuff, even worse if you are counting on having some cash in the room, it will DEFINITLY DISAPPEAR. …",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or120-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Excellent hotel,It was an overall good friendly atmosphere met some really cool people there and the stay was comfortable! I wish to stay longer but I had to leave early to stay with a friend! All in all it is a good hotel to stay in!        ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or120-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good location and cheap,"We booked our double room through lastminute.co.uk. On booking I did not realise that the room was not ensuite.  The room was fine and the bed was quite comfortable (but a bit creaky). It was a bit noisey throughout the night but this is to be expected in a hostel.   Check out is at 10 a.m. A free continental breakfast was included in our package.  I had no problem with the hostel. It was very cheap and located centrally. I do, however, wish that it had been clearer that there was a shared bathroom. Good for a no frills stay in a central location.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or120-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Better then some more expensive hotels.,"Serving the purpose of cheap stay in convenient place. A welcome bonus is; you get friendly and helpful staff and meet new people. Good choice of spacious and clean rooms and facilities. Continental breakfast included, with good choice of cereals and spreads for on toast and far better then expensive hotel I stayed. The only negative point is that it's along a noisy road, but all other positives weighs that out.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or125-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"A great hostel, city centre, noisier at night","A great hostel easily accessible in the city centre - I was attending an event at Twickenham and was able to commute easily especially after midnight.  A great price for a 6 bed dorm in the centre of London.  Locally there are a number of good eateries and watering holes including a nearby Tesco, it is nearby Kings Cross where there are also great restaurants.  It can be quite noisy at night with other residents drinking until midnight however fairly quiet in the basement rooms.  Each bed has a plug and light and a curtain for privacy.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or125-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,As You Like It,"Journey's London King's Cross Hostel is less than a 10-minute walk from the King's Cross station stop from the metro, perfect for getting to the hostel and for traveling to anywhere in London and they have accessible staff that are willing to answer any questions you may have. The breakfast is a great way to start the day before setting out to see a city that was once a major world power (and still rules the hearts of many). There are always new people to meet at this hostel, and the residents are relaxed and understanding.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or125-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not for disabled people,"I booked a 3 bed dorm, specifically asking for a bottom bunk due to disabilities. When I arrived I was told I'd been allocated a top bunk. I was then offered a 6 bed dorm for ""half price"" which in reality was £2 or so less than if I'd booked it anyway. The only thing that persuaded me to stay was that there was only 2 other people booked in.  The window to the dorm was directly above the smoking area so the smoke drifts in and being asthmatic, is no good for me. There was a horrendous loud noise that vibrates through the building, even feeling it through th pillow. Could be an extractor fan or something, I'm not sure. I did manage to get a pair of earplugs from reception to try and block the shouting an music coming up from ththe basement area.  Kitchen/breakfast bar.  Well,…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or125-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"despite good location and price, too noisy","Despite the very good location, competitive fare with breakfast included and staff ready to help, the room 15 (and in particular bed 15D) was incredibly noisy. The single glazed windows allow street lighting and car/van/buses noise coming during all night. I was able tonsleep only a couple of hours, it was very bad. Maybe the rooms not facing the street are better...",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or125-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Adequate, but not amazing.","Journey's was great for location since we were taking the very early Eurostar to Paris. We stayed in the 17 bed dorm, and it felt pretty cramped. Getting into luggage and showers in the morning was difficult. Facilities were clean and staff was friendly. Beds are cheap though, and it's adequate if you're on a budget!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or130-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not a first choice in London,"I stayed in this hostel luckily only for 1 night in a 9-bedded room for women. The room was very dirty, but I guess that was mainly because of a woman living there who had dirty socks in cups and dirty clothes hanging everywhere. Although it was not allowed to bring food in the room, this woman came back to the hostel at 5.30 am and started eating really loudly and making noises, waking everyone up! There is only 1 toilet on the first floor shared by I think 4 rooms, so we had to wait in huge lines in order to use it. The room was very small and the floor was uneven, while the building would tremble at every step. The only good thing that I can say about this hostel is that the staff were nice. However, I think it is possible to find much better hostels at this price, so avoid…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or130-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,You get what you pay for,"I spent one night at the hostel in a female only six bed room. The beds were set up as triple bunk beds and each one had curtains you could pull around them for privacy. The room was very small but I only wanted to sleep in there so I didn't need much space.  I arrived around 11pm, checked in with the friendly gentleman on reception and made my way to the room. There were bags in the room but no other occupants. I heard a couple of people get in around 2.30am and when I left around 8am all of the beds looked occupied. The door to the room was incredibly squeaky and I think we must have had a bathroom below us because there was an incredibly loud extractor fan which kept coming on. I slept wearing ear plugs though so the noise didn't bother me too much.  This was my first time…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or130-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Stylish privacy,"This hostel is located 5min walk far from King's Cross, Padington and Euston train stations, so it's very suitable for those who will continue to explore UK. Toilet and showers are on the floor, breakfast is quite poor, though free.  I liked the style of the hostel with its cheering posters about life and happiness. Beds are like small rooms with personal charger, so you can have some privacy even in a dormitory room.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or130-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,great for that price,"for 11 pounds per night i had bed in fifteen-person dormitory, and good breakfast included. of course in room was a little bit claustrophobic, and noisy when there were over 5 peoples, but everybody had hangings, so i could handle noise and light. staff very helpful and nice, in room warm, great location. i am going to back there again maybe 3 weeks from now, because for 11pounds i have more than I expected.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or130-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Holiday,I was. There one week for holiday.  My opinion.   Cheap Hostel Located. In heart of london. Area 1. 200 metres. From underground. King's. Cross.   Beside. There are. Many Pubs and restaurant.      But. There rooms. Are. Bit small. And  crowd cause many people.    If you stay. There maybe. Some days.  Not more.    And the. Kitchen.  Very small.  But the reception.  It's. Helpful. In everything.  ,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or135-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great staff,"To make this fair and clear - it's my first time staying in a hostel. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful, and this was a cheap place to stay. The breakfast was good also, given the cost. The toilets and showers were not so great, fairly small, grimy and dingy, and it was quite hard to find your way around through such a maze of doors. The room felt OK, but small, certainly the absolute maximum number of beds crammed into the possible space. Given the price, I can understand why. Good location though.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or135-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great hostel,"We stayed there for 4 nights in a double room. The hostel was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. If you're looking for a good accommodation for little money, that's the place you should book. I would totally go there again. ",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or135-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Stop over,"Stayed here for one night, as a stop over to catch the eurostar early next morning. Was warmly greeted by reception and was explained everything we needed to know and then was directed to our room (double room, room 16 top floor). The room was small but wouldn't have needed or wanted any bigger! The room had a tv with dvd player, coffee and tea facilities, table and chair. The double bed was comfy. Barely any noise in the night. Didn't use the shower in the shower room but went in to wash my face, everything seemed fine and clean. Didn't use the kitchen or common rooms so can't say much about them! Plenty of shops and places to eat  nearby. Overall, our stay was fine. Was what we expected from a hostel! No worries! :)",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or135-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,It's a Hostel,"Not the worst hostel I've stayed in, but not the best, either. I stayed in one of the seventeen bed dorms for four nights. I was out for most of the day and night, so I can't speak to the quality of the hostel during those hours.   However, I will say that the hostel is cramped. Tiny staircases, tiny beds, tiny rooms, which isn't awful if you're not spending time in the hostel. There were a lot of doors though, and it got really confusing as to which door led where. Bathrooms were dingy (and also tiny) and the water was on a timer. Makes sense, but kind of a pain.  The staff was fantastic, though. At one point the fuse in my bunk blew, and as soon as I told someone about it they fixed it. Also, the security was nice. Different key code to get into the hostel everyday, and room…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or135-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Tolerably average,"I spent eight nights here in a five-bed dorm, and although I was able to tolerate the shoebox-sized room and the rather dingy bathrooms equipped with dirty floors and showers devoid of water pressure, I definitely can't recommend this hostel for such a long period of time. Its cheapness, coupled with its prime location (about a five minute walk from King's Cross Station), are, however, commendable, and if I travel to London again I might even be tempted to return to this hostel for a night or two. After three or so nights, and certainly after eight, however, the great location and free breakfasts were largely diminished by the tiny sleeping quarters, rickety stairs, dirty bathrooms, and loud neighbouring streets. All in all, I could recommend this hostel for a SHORT stay if…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or140-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,UNnique,"This place was great for us, its a hostel, so be prepared, the staff are fantastic gave us maps and directions for everything we needed. also gave us  storage for when we checked out for like 6 hours Thanks for that :), the bunk beds were bunk beds that is all, over would i go back YES. so much fun got to meet a lot of other people from different coutries.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or140-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Stay away from this garbage!,"One of the worst hostels I ever been! The showers are dirty, with a very bad smell, the same for the toilets, without soap and paper. The breakfast room is small, with dirty surfaces and poor cutlery. Relax room is a great place if you're a mouse, because there's a big mice family living there!! And I'm finished yet, let's talk about the dormitory.. Small, dirty, with rubbish under the beds and in the corners, broken personal lamps.. It's all! don't spend your money here!",None,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or140-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Couldn't spend the night in there,"Was almost impossible to carry my luggage down the stairs, once in the overcrowded room I could not store my bag. My bed was the bottom of three bunk beds, I felt claustrophobic and left. I would not recommend it to anyone with a normal suitcase and space issues, it was far too small for the amount of people. If you are ok with small common spaces, then it's fine I guess, as it's very central.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or140-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Makes the infamous Hans Brinker in Amsterdam look like a luxury resort.,"Makes the infamous Hans Brinker in Amsterdam look like a luxury resort. Bring ear plugs and a peg for your nose.  The place smells old and musty and the bathrooms have their own unique funky smell. Kitchen facilities were unkempt and provided the worst breakfast offerings I have come across in any hostel.  Showers were filthy and the shower heads give out nothing more than a trickle. Common areas are dingy, dark and small. I appreciated the curtains on the bunk for privacy and to block out some of the light from the street but the street noise was insane. Earplugs are a must! And watch you're head in the morning, there isn't much clearance between bunks! Will not return, ever.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or140-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"It's OK, like. For one night.",Very cramped and a bit unkempt. It's OK for a stopover but I would not recommend it for longer stays. Excellent location (5 minutes from Kings Cross and St Pancras). I found it difficult to sleep but luckily I needed to be up early anyway.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or145-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Great location, but hostel is a bit hit and miss","I stayed here with my husband recently.  Be advised that the hostel has an age restriction of under 35, but they will waive this if you book a private room.  I booked through a hotel site and didn't find out about the restriction until I happened to check the hostel's website.    The room was small but fairly clean ( I found a candy bar wrapper under the bed that was missed).  The sheets were clean but had staining (yuck!) on an obvious section, which was a big turnoff.  The kitchen facilities were a big plus, as was the location near St. Pancras/Kings Cross.  The hostel isn't one of those ""party"" places, as everyone was fairly quiet and kept to themselves.  The facility doesn't really provide many opportunities to meet other travelers, and nobody seemed to be going out of their…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or145-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,A good value in a high area,"Journeys King's Cross is what it represents itself to be: an economy lodging option for the 18-35 year old backpacker. Weekday rates are very affordable, and weekend rates are substantially higher since the hostel is usually fully booked.   Wifi is included with the basic rate, and was reasonably fast and reliable on the main floor and common areas. A luggage storage room is available for free before check in & during your stay, but there is a £2 fee after checkout. Secure lockers are additional, and are on the lowest level. There is on site coin laundry.   Bed linen is included in the rate. Bath towels are available for hire separately.   Breakfast is included in the rate, and is a basic continental affair with cereals, milk, loaf breads, and spreads. Tea and instant coffee as…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or145-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good backpackers accommodation,"good value for the money nice location surrounded by beautiful pubs great location breakfast is ok not bad the only place you can sit is in the common lounge in the kitchen area apart from that its great got a tesco outside the hostel easy to get some food or drinks at any time its good, staff were friendly. Definitely visit again when I am back to London",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or145-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,It's a good place to stay,They give you free breakfast every morning between 7:30 and 10. It is right next to King's Cross St Pancras and is only 45 minute walk from Camden town. I got my two night stay for £40. Everyone was really considerate!,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or145-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Okay ,"I was expecting better for that price, 35€ a night in a room with 16 other people in a room not so big. There is no place and no locker  to put your bag in. The curtains were a pretty good idea, the showers were clean and the hostel is in a good location if you're taking the underground. But if you are walking that's one hour from the center. ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or150-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,very expensive for what you get,"I stayed in a 15 bed room and it cost around £25 (+ a small card fee - so take cash to spare a bit if you can) which I think is expensive. The rooms get very hot and cramped as there was 4 triple decker bunk beds in one room that was about the size of my bedroom at home, which only has a single bed in. I am not used to staying in hostels, so I knew that it would be difficult, but if you're very comfortable sharing a small room with lots of people you should be fine. The shower facilities were okay, but they can be very difficult to manoeuvre when there's more than 3 people in the room at once, as there's less than a metre of space outside the cubicles to the wall (including a small shelf and bench). I fount the staff member on my arrival and departure to be very rude and…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or150-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,You get what you pay for and that's OK.,"I chose this hostel for price and location and was not disappointed. London is a really expensive city and prices for a regular hotel anywhere central are never cheap. If you are on a budget then this place fits the bill. I agree they cram too many beds in a small space, but ""you get what you pay for"". If you wan't more room go to a hotel and pay 10 times the price. Breakfast will not be included :-) From what I can glean from the many comments you should all get real. Enjoy London. No I'm not a student, I'm a 77 year old grandfather. I have travelled the world, stayed in tents and super luxury resorts. Now I need to survive on a small pension. But I'll never stop travelling :-)",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or150-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great place,"Didn't have any problems with this hostel. Staff were great, the people at the hostel were great. It is right next to st pancras which is very convenient. It was cheaper than other hostels I looked at. no complaints from me.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or150-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Just a good location,It only worth if you are travelling from st pancras or king cross.  The size of the room was ridiculous . 12 beds in 20 meters? The showers were not really clean and the staff were not extremely nice. After check out you have to pay two pounds for the left luggage .  I would not go again.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or150-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Most expensive and worst value,"This hostel was the most expensive in 7 weeks in Europe and was the dirtiest, most crowded and overall worst value hostel of the lot.  Stayed in a dorm, so packed you could barely move with everyone's stuff all over the floor, no room to open up you bag. Showers were cold. Kitchen was filthy.  Worst thing was the people in the dorm, who would come in at 3am and turn on lights, and as if that wasn't bad enough, they would leave without turning them off! I know this isn't specific to the hostel in general, but it just made a bad experience worse.  Only positive is the location, but for the price it was really not worth it.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or155-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Small, very small rooms","The rooms are too small in my opinion for any long stay. The stairwells were very narrow and I had difficulty taking my bag up the stairs. They have fire doors every two feet which makes the place seem even smaller. I found the females showers to be too small for me. You need to undress outside and leave your things in the open (subject to unauthorized taking) and then only fit you and your soap in the shower stall. I heard the downstairs uni-sex showers were bigger, however by that time I was starting to get claustrophobia and needed air.  The beds are triple bunks so you  have to hunch over in bed instead of sitting up. Because the rooms are so small, suitcases take up the majority of floor space and it was hard for me to get up and out in the morning. The one thing I liked…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or155-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Convenient and reasonably priced.,"As usual for me I found the price if accommodation in London,astounding. This little place is only a few minutes walks from St Pancras Kings Cross Station and the Big Bus pickup. Nothing great to write home about, but comfy beds, breakfast included and cherry helpful people at the front desk 24/7. So really what more do you want.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or155-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,It's not that bad as people say,We went on May 2014 and we were rally surprise because it was not as bad as people say on the Internet. We were in the bedroom for 17 people and it is confortable. It doesn't depend on the hostel but on the people that sleep with you. Everything is very well organized because it is a big hostel and the staff is always cleaning. A complete breakfast is included and the situation is nice.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or155-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Well placed, helpful staff","This hostel has good location, working wifi, my bed was clean. Window could be opened so fresh air/ colder air could come in.  Room for 3 persons where I was could be bigger and with a usable seat - the one provided is really bad. The small table was full of dust (probably because noone used it). Showers were clean...anyway I dont think this hostel has enough washbasins - 2 or 3 for men only.  Reception staff is helpful. Cheap price.  A plus is a thai restaurant at the corner (5m away).  For London better than average.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or155-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Very priseworthy!,"I was living in room 18 on the 3rd 2nd floor. It was a small room for 12 persons. I went there in March so it was not that hot inte the room but I can imagine the heat during the summer. I got the bed at the bottom and I thought it was really comfertable. At least over exspectations! I sleept like a baby during my two nights. Everyone was really quiet, I did not wake up once because of others.   Overall the hostel has a basic standard. There were people living the ""permanetly"" and they used the kitchen tools and was so bad to do the dishes after themselves. But since I didn't spend too much time in there I didn't mind.   Breakfast was ok. Just serial, toast with a small supply of jam.   The staff were most of the time very helpful and nice. I enjoyed talking to people all over…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or160-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Revolting dingy run-down,"I didn't actually stay at the hotel but arrived late as planned for an overnight stop. I was to be charged in excess of £76 for a double bedded room with single occupancy. On arrival I was concerned- when showed the room the bedding appeared to be dirty- although I was informed it had be changed, the duvet which was hanging out of the duvet cover filthy, the general state of the carpet least bare room grubby (at best) I refused to sleep there and left the next day I received a 'no-show' email along with notification that they were going to charge me the full price anyway! Revolting in every way ",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or160-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good Location!,"All in all it was an okay hostel if you are staying for a few days. It was very run down, and the dorms where very packed, but the beds have curtains for privacy.. Too bad my curtain was broken...  The place wasn't that clean, and there was nowhere to put your bags safely, during my visit the police even came by, because people had their stuff stolen.   On the positive side though, the location was superb, very close to the stations.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or160-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good location,"I stayed here so I could walk around London from Kings Cross Station and it was perfect for that close to the station and not far from the rest of London. It was my first time at a private hostel, stayed at Youth Hostel Association places in the past. I was impressed by how organised the place was with codes for the main entrance changed each day, codes for the individual rooms, staff at the reception were always available, helpful and friendly. Lockers for up to a ruck sack size but smaller ones for documents. A locker room for luggage too, free while checked in £2/day thereafter. The kitchen is useful open from 7.30 am till 2 am. Breakfast is included with fresh orange juice cereals, toasting facilities, white and brown bread, tea and coffee and lots of spreads. There is a…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or160-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Adequate for a night stopover,"We had a train to catch from St Pancras the next morning, so checked into the 17 person dorm for the night. You are packed in like sardines, but the beds have curtains, lights and a powerpoint which makes it a little more private.   The place wasn't terribly clean, with the showers quite dirty and mouldy. The shower was more like standing under a tap - not great flow and there was not enough hot water for all. There was nowhere to keep bags securely in the room so you had to leave them on the floor or in the bed, which was not great. There were some lockers but you had to pay for them and they were not big enough for whole bags. Breakfast was basic but good. Staff not very friendly or helpful.   The location was unbeatable though and very close to the stations whilst still…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or160-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Ladies beware!,"The hostel was nice enough nice rooms and good security but the breakfast was not, every morning I went down for breakfast there was hardly anything left - the sugar was almost run out with lots of bits of coffee in it and hardly any orange juice.in it. But not bad. I rented a locker at £2 a day which was good value. Right now onto the ridiculously unacceptable bit - a male staff member tried to seduce me on the first night, he came into my room and entered the code himself. I was only going in there to get my phone before going to sit downstairs with him. Then he touched my bum and tried to kiss me! Twice! Then on my last morning there he was working in the breakfast area and having an open discussion about how he is working on some other lady that was staying there! Ladies…",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or165-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,poor,"Showers are dirty and they don't have enough hot water for everybody (I had cold shower twice). Rooms and beds are very little. My room was downstairs close to the kitchen and the lounge and I heard a lot of noise at nights. However, good location and quite full breakfast. Nice to stay only few days.              ",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or165-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Great, quirky hostel","Ok so the hostel wasn't super clean but I loved the quirkiness and the curtains around the beds, which were very welcome in my 9-man dorm. This hostel is cheap, very close to both Camden and Kings Cross and is a great place to meet fellow travelers. I had a very enjoyable breakfast in the little courtyard. Would stay here again",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or165-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Excellent choice!,"I staied at this hostel  for 3 nights with my friends. I choose the 9 female bedroom. This hostel is very central in London, 3 minutes far there is King's Cross Station, with trains and subway, and on the same street, Caledonian Road, there is the overway, so it's very easy to move and visit whatever you want. The guys at the hostel are very firendly and open. Breakfast is included and it's ok. WiFi is included in common areas and in the rooms. I definelly will came back again!",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or165-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Somewhere I wouldn't recommend to anyone.,"I came here with my boyfriend to meet up with our friends that live near London, only to be given a room we hadn't booked! We booked a double bedded room, and we ended up with shared dorms with 15 other people. We were also disgusted by the sight of the dirty and unclean kitchen, and toilets. Truly dreadful. The staff were fighting with the other guests, over charging, generally being rude.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or165-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good,"The location is absolutely amazing, it's very close to kings cross station and a Tesco. About the place itself, the receptionists are nice and helpful! The building is quite narrow so every room is a big small but I still thought it was comfortable. the bed is good and the linen is included in the price which is good ! :) the breakfast is also included but it doesn't have many options, it's mainly bread, jam, cereal, milk and juice which is much more than all the hostels I've been sooo that is an advantage ! About the bathrooms, they seemed clean, except from the shower areas that have some blackish dots of dirt, I guess. And also the water in the taps were always too cold. The toilets seemed clean, considering the high number of people that used them and a good thing is that…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or170-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Avoid,"Filthy kitchen, cold water shower in winter, 12 beds crammed into a room the size of a room suitable for a child with barely any floor space as suitcases litter the floor due to there being nowhere to actually put them. Lockers have to be hired and don't come bigger than the size of a microwave. There is literally one toilet on my floor for who knows how many people...   Negative feel from the hostel overall, there are signs EVERYWHERE threatening to fine people for countless things from not washing dishes to swearing at others. Do these people think they're law enforcers?  Good location thank god so we can at least be out of the hostel for as long as possible. It's definitely not somewhere you'd want to spend your time awake.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or170-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,My First Hostel...and it's a good one.,"I stayed in this hostel and had a fairly good experience. The first thing I've noticed with this hostel that it is right by the King's Cross rail station and Metro. It's a good block or two from there, so that's very convenient. There's also a Tesco Express right by in case if you need to pick up anything grocery related.  So, onto the hostel itself. The reception is generally friendly and helpful. It's a 24 hour front desk reception, so in case if you need help, you can ask them. They also have luggage storage for both people staying at the hostel and anyone else who isn't. If you are staying at the hostel, it's free, but if you aren't, it's just £3. You can also buy some basic amenities and drinks at the front desk at a decent price, but you can just go to Tesco for better…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or170-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Unreasonably underrated,"When I got there I was expecting a dirty and disastrous place, I was worried because of some overly negative reviews I found here. I've been at the Journeys for two nights and I was fine: small room, comfy bed, security code on the door, nice and friendly staff. One bathroom for all the girls isn't enough, but it's ok for a short time.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or170-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Bed and Breakfast: the drink is for yourself.,"At this hostel, you can have a good reception. The hostel is a bit small (3-floor building + basement kitchen/lounge, but all small).  The rooms are a bit small and there's no much space in the bed. There was no ladders to the second bed and I had to find a way to get to sleep.  The breakfast was ok. Staff was ok and helpful.  There are lots of stairs, but they're only one way. Don't try to go up while someone is trying to go down.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or170-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,What I needed,"I just needed a place to stay waiting to catch a train out of London. One night was fine, the bunk was comfortable, and each had it's own plug and light which was great. A little bit of a rabbit warren but easy enough to get your head round it. Would happily use them again.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or175-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disappointed to say the least!,"I had read lots of good things about this hostel so booked it for a night whilst visiting to see friends. The reception constantly has a sign saying 'back in 5 mins' so we had to wait until someone did arrive in 5 mins. The reception staff are friendly but the hostel itself has got things so wrong! I have stayed in lots of hostels in many countries but this place really did annoy me. In our 3 bed female dorm, our window was broken, so couldn't open it, thank goodness it isn't summer! There was 1 toilet on the first floor to service 4 dorm rooms of girls, not pleasant plus no toilet roll!  The showers, of which there were 3, all had water pressure issues, I'm talking a trickle of water at most on full power. We told reception and they said it's better on the ground floor and the…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or175-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Centrally located, reasonably cheap but rather cramped and noisy","Pros : The location was fantastic, just a few mins from St. Pancras station. Free breakfast and tea/coffee throughout the day. I only stayed here as a stopover, having flown in to Luton airport late in the eve so can't really comment much on kitchen facilities, services offered or helpfulness of staff but the guy on reception was friendly enough. Bed was comfy, bathrooms clean enough and felt secure due to the door codes for both the hostel entrance and room. Wifi also worked well throughout.  Cons : Wasn't a problem for me as I can sleep through traffic noise but hostel is right on a main road so its noisy even with the window closed.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or175-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Pros: Great location near the King's cross subway station, Tesco grocery store across street, friendly staff, great price, good breakfast included, great wifi signal in 17 bed basement dorm room, comfortable beds with curtains.   Cons: Basement gets very hot in summer heat, 17 bed dorm was very messy with luggage everywhere, basement shower I used had almost no water pressure as well as visible mould growth on door and air vent, bad wifi reception in common area of basement.   I would stay here again but I would try to get a room upstairs rather than in the basement as it felt a bit claustrophobic with the lack of windows and the heat. ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or175-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not happy,"The staff here are not friendly at all we thought we were put into a female dorm until one night when we came back to the hostel there were about 9 boys in this 12 bedroom dorm, the power points in the room didn't work, we stayed there for 9 nights and our sheets didn't get changed once I find this disgusting! Also alot of people get stuff stolen, it is in a good location but I don't think it is worth it at all! ",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or175-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Terrible bed,"These beds were not for me, way too hard and gave a back pain every morning. Hard to use the fluffy blankets to soften the bed.Apart from that, ok for backpackers; 17 in a room and backpacks everywhere but no backpacker should complain, especially with the very good refreshing air system.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or180-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,A Journey,"What can I say, met some amazing people which lead to some amazing memories and definitely left an impression. A great location, and for the most part an amazing staff with a solid manager!.. spain. Impressions from other travellers that the owner of the hostel was a bit over demanding of there staff and staff needed to be rightfully compensated for their work. This is not coming from an employee of this location, just a traveller. Also my Ipod was stolen so that needs to be noted which leaves an unfortunate bitter taste. Overall I would recommend this hostel, just make sure you to keep your things locked up. Life's a Journey.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or180-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,a brillant place to stay,"ive stayed here about 6 times , The Location Is Great Beside Kings Cross Station And Near Angel & Camden , The Beds Are Good Like If You Were Staying At A Hotel And The Rooms Are Good, They Have Secure Lockers And A Secure Place To Your Luggage For Free, The Breakfast Is Good , The Bathroom Is Clean And The Showers Are Good, It Is Cheaper Booking This Place Than A Hotel, When I Go Back Down To London I Will Book This Place Again",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or180-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Nice hostel near the station,"If coming to London by train, this hostel is perfect for late arrivals as it's very close to St Pancras King's X station. I stayed here for one night and it was OK. Bunk beds on the dorms have curtains so you won't be awaken if someone turns on the lights. It's quite clean, staff was friendly and breakffast was OK. It's definitey a good option for a cheap price stay in London.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or180-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Adequate stay and great price, but I wanted to pay more for better sleep","Some rooms need renovation, and there is a lot of road noise. Friendly staff and guests, and efficient business practices made it all ok.  First off I was welcomed straightaway after pressing a buzzer and waiting to be let in.  I paid for a locker to store my stuff, but the locker was not very secure to me.  Anyone could have easily manipulated the simply lock on the locker to open it but I still paid a small fee for it.  I was also given a towel at a small fee.  Later, in my room, I found a metal box with a combination lock that was perfect for storing valuables.   I was given a password to my room.    I got a double room to myself.  At 67 pounds, that was a steal for London.  I liked the bed, metal, and separate from the wall, and that there was nothing else in the room.  And…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or180-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Great location, fair price","This is one of the closest hostels to King's Cross, at about 7 minutes away. They have pubs and supermarkets nearby. A lot better than their counterpart in Greenwich. I had a fun time here.  The unisex showers are not recommended for conservative people :-)",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or185-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Do NOT stay here!,"Two girl friends and I booked to stay here for two nights as we were having a weekend away in London. We are all students so obviously was looking for the cheapest place and not expecting much at all, but what we got for our money was AWFUL. The woman on reception was so rude and unhelpful, and when we got upstairs to the bedroom we thought it was a joke. Having stayed in lots of hostels all over the world, I thought I'd seen it all, but this was horrendous. 4 triple bunk beds in such a tiny room, no lockers or anything (you had to pay extra for them and they were in reception), there was one toilet cubicle, and 2 showers for girls in the whole hostel. We were so appalled we couldn't even stay there, (none of us are high maintenance, we just believed it would ruin our weekend if…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or185-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good and cheap hostel in London,"Me and six other friends stayed in one of the 9 bed female dorms for three nights, and I think we got good value for our money. Even though the showers were cold and not much waterpressure and the breakfast was toast and jam, I had a good time at this hostel. The location of the hostel great, it is close to a Tesco store, cafes like Starbucks and Pret, and of course the underground and the train stationis only a smal walk away. The rooms are clean, so are the showers and the bathroom/toilet. The garbage is emptied every day. You can also leave your bags at the hostel for £2 a day. I would recommend this hostel if you need a central, cheap bed in London.",None,4.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or185-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Not a bad stay considering the price,"Considering that this is one of the cheapest hostels in London, this place was a fine stay. We stayed in a private room with a double bed, and the room was about the size of a walk-in closet. Also, the Wi-Fi did not work in the room. However, the room was clean and had a safe for valuables, had a free breakfast, and free luggage storage. It also was located close to King's Cross Station and right across the street from a Tesco. Overall, not bad at all. Standard Hostel.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or185-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,As much as you need,"Clean sheets, free Internet, breakfast included and the cheapest I could find. Reception staff very helpful and there 24hrs which was good for my late check in. On a fairly busy road but nothing some headphones or earplugs can't solve. Good size kitchen and living space, great place to meet people. Walking distance from Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston station so perfect for an overnight before catching a train in the morning.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or185-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good location and cheap accommodation,"I`ve stayed in this hostel few times before and this time it was the same as before, You get what You pay for, which is cheap accommodation which include bunk bed with clean sheets, hot showers and free breakfast in the morning, everything is basic but clean and the price you pay  per night is pretty much one of the lowest I could find in the city. If You travel on a budget than I think it`s a good place to stay while in London.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or190-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,I will never ever stay there again!,Why?   You really can not sleep the whole night. I was there for only one night from Thursday til Friday and I could not sleep because it was so loud. It was not the traffic it was just the people and you could understand every word they said.  Then my room was next to the kitchen and you could smell everything.  Everything is so tiny and you do not have any space so I really would not recommend the hostel.  The only positive aspect is that it is just a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross station.  So if you are looking for an accommodation for more than  1 night then do not stay in this Hostel!!!!,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or190-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Impression in a single word: bad bad bad,"The only positive thing about it is its location, everything else sucked. Watch out and keep your eyes constantly on your things. My luggage has been searched and some clothes of mine got stolen. Cameras, laptops have also mysteriously disappeared from my room, plus it was quite dirty, noisy and extremely small rooms. Same jam breakfast and milk with flakes every day, staff not helpful. I will never return there!",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or190-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Disappointing,"Backpack well situated in London (king's kross) and double private room quite OK (even if very basic) BUT bathroom, toilets, kitchen and lounge  were dirty, smelly, wet and there were lot of noises. Staff is nice but absolutly not helfull  : we had to pay for an adaptator, for towels, the check out was at 10 am maximum... I absolutly do not recommand this adress in London.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or190-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Avoid Basement Rooms,"I was in the 15 ppl room in the basement floor (Room C), while it was ok inside the room, there is a fixed non-openable door which has the common room (computer area) behind, and as this door is totally not acoustic, I could hear the activities outside clearly till very late, as the management doesn't manage at all.... one night a group of Spanish people SANG loudly at 3AM, and it didn't get much better after I complained.    Besides, the Spanish people , who lived in Room B, kept their room door banging the whole night as they went in and out.  While I could not sleep early, I couldn't stayed sleeping late as well, they played the radio through the speakers to wake people up... totally crazy.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or190-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Probably The Worst Hostel in the World,"Dirty, Smelly, Expensive...  Room still being renovated whilst we stayed in it.  Blood and sand found on sheets.  Breakfast was OK, but honestly I have stayed in so many better hostels than this - absolutely aweful, DO NOT STAY HERE - you have been warned!!",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or195-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Cheap, basic accommodation no frills.","Common room was cosy and comfortable, beds were comfortable and clean (although pretty small vertically), showers could do with some more privacy and maybe a place to change? Staff were friendly and helpful, I got what I expected, somewhere to sleep that was secure and warm! Free breakfast is also amazing!",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or195-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Comfortable,"This hostel was conveniently situated round the corner from Kings Cross and St Pancras. The staff were friendly and nothing was too much trouble.  Rooms and beds were surprisingly comfortable, though a little on the small side, but the size of the room was never a problem for me as I only needed somewhere to leave my bags and sleep. Showers were on a different floor and separate from the toilets but this was not a problem, get to the showers early though as loads of people suddenly want to use them at the same time at about 7.30am. Breakfast was simple, cereal, toast and hot drinks, but there was as much as we wanted and this was included in the price. Overall the hostel was clean and friendly, I also felt very safe as there was a code on the bedroom door and one on the front…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or195-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good place to stay,"Overall, this hostel ended up being great for us. We only stayed one night, but the beds were surprisingly comfortable and the location was right around the corner from Kings Cross/St. Pancreas station. The rooms were small, but that's pretty much customary in most hostels - they were clean! The showers were on a different floor than us, which was separate from our floors toilets, but overall it was a good stay.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or195-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,FUN!,"I had never stayed at a hostel before so I was abit shaky, but turned out to be great! Not for the picky one though, but hot water in the showers, and for that price so close to the tube I wouldnt live anywhere else! The staff was funny and friendly. Bars and clubs just around the corner. I travelled alone from Norway, and I had a great time! If you're a student this is te perfect place to be without using all of you're money on a hotel! I loved it, will be back! Hanna",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or195-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Good, faced no problems","Excellent location, clean bathrooms and showers, helpful friendly staff, very good security and free breakfast. However i could say one thing you pay more than other hostels for the location and not for better acommodation or service.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or200-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Journeys king's cross,"Good location, near the metro. Staff was helpful enough. However, rooms in the basement are really wet and cold- my bed was under a window so water was dripping over my head in the morning. the kitchen and common rooms were a bit cramped too. i would say prices are a bit too high for the service provided.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or200-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Pretty bad!,"Whilst the security is pretty good, and the location fantastic thats about where it ends.  The girl below us on the bunk brought a guy in at 6am and proceeded to have sex with no regard for those sleeping above. This just ruined the end of our trip.  The male bathrooms / showers are on the top floor so quite a walk, also the shower doors are not frosted so prepare yourself for an army style shower experience.",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or200-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Nice Place With A lot Nearby,My girlfriend and I stayed here our last night in London. It was a bit hectic during meal hours but enough room to sprawl out the other times. The dorm beds were stacked three high so try to get the top or bottom or else be ready to deal with shaking.,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or200-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,I personnaly though it was nice !,"Well, people are weird, what are you exactly looking for ? I hope not a 5 star hotel because this ain't it ! I personnaly though it was good, cheap , good location, really nice staff , ok the place isn't THAT good , but still, be nice ! you got a bed, some WIFI, an ok breakfast, and you're in LONDON ! So what's the complaint ?! Seriously, I liked it ! I may not come back but staff was adorable with me, might make me come back :)",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or200-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Great - does what it says on the tin!,"Yeah it’s basic but I swear most of the people slating this place must have ridiculous expectations and not stayed in hostels before. This is one of the better hostels out there and if you need a base in Brighton you can’t go wrong for what this costs you. There were 4 of us. It was generally clean, the beds are comfy enough to get a decent nights sleep. The staff were excellent and the lounge downstairs was useful. but if you’re not used to sharing rooms and bathrooms with strangers then don’t book this then come online slating it - they don’t deserve a poor online reputation just because you hadn’t a clue what to book for yourself or thought you had some crazy bargain.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or205-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"If you want cheap, super-convenient accommodation, but are just above sleeping on the street, then Journeys is for you!","It is perfect to be so close to the station, and there is tesco and good food and coffee options just around you. There is a bed, a shower and a place to eat. And if that is all you need, then this can make do. But other than that, everything else was bad, bad, bad.  The dorm room was so small, we had to coordinate who got to open their suitcase next, and we were 5 friends, taking up an entire dormroom for ourselves, and yet we were too close for comfort, so to share with strangers might be an experience! Also, not place to store things in the rooms. You couldn't hang out in the room, as the bunk-beds were to low to sit in, and there was only enough floorspace for 2 people to sit comfortably. Also, you have to step on the other beds to get up to the top bunkbeds.   The kitchen…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or205-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,terrible hostel,this hostel is out of the way and it is cramped in the dorms. the people here are unfriendly and unhelpful.,Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or205-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,thank you,I was surprised how nice this hostel is. Apparently it has undergone a renovation and it looked really good. The hostel is right near to Kingscross and the staff were really friendly and helpful. It had a nice lounge and free wifi.,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or205-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Don't reccomend this!,"This hostel is horrible, we had cold showers, female bathroom was closed for all the time we spend there so we had to use unisex one which was right next to the cramped kitchen so in the evenings we had to face to drunk people when we wanted to have a shower. We had also problem to find a place to sit on breakfast, kitchen was messy. Once we saw the lady cleaning and her boss had to show her how to do it well so I donť really think she cleans is properly. That confirms the shock we had just we arrived - beds with old dirty sheets, we asked the receptionist to change it but she argued that it was clean(bed was not even tidy!!!) so we had to show her. The stuff is all spanish except the boss and on the reception there was always some group of their friends drinking and playing…",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or205-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,"Good location, but that's about it.","The youth hostel is a very good location, within walking distance of King's Cross train station & there's places to eat/food shop very close by. Staff were friendly enough, there is free wi-fi, connection questionable! & a free breakfast. Rooms were v. v. cramped & had a smell, also I'd recommend using the wash room to have a wash, not the shower room. I'd recommend it if your planning on somewhere for a night to stay & your planning on leaving the next morning asap.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or210-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,avoid it like the plague--which you might catch here.,"seriously. don't stay here. a friend and I were booked here for four nights and lasted one. there's a difference between ""rough around the edges"" and ""appalling."" that difference seems to come when there's blood on someone's sheets, which this place had.  we were in a 17 bed room that was smaller than any other dorms I've stayed in. beds are stacked 3 high and the first bed is maybe 3 inches off the ground. I was in one of the bottom beds, right next to the door, and got maybe 3 hours of sleep because people were banging in and out all night. also, it's loud. at 3 am, there were still people having a singalong in the kitchen, and the walls are paper thin so I heard it all.   the only good thing? we got a full refund for the three nights we bailed on. also, free wifi.",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or210-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,First Hostel experience,We arrived before check in and stored our luggage while we waited to check in.  The luggage room was damp and smelly.  Found it hard to bring our 50 lb suitcase down the narrow stairs. Stayed for 4 nights. On the third day they told us we needed to put our belongings in the luggage room for the day so that they could do maintenance. When we arrived later that night we had no curtains on our bed and didn't for the remainder of our stay. The showers in the female shower room are tiny.  No room to get changed and the water was FREEZING! Downstairs where the kitchen and common room are was always really hot and a little crowded though.  Overall it was not horrible. Everything seemed clean enough.  Can't complain for the price.,Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or210-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Claustrophobic,"It's a centrally located hostel, close by King's Cross. The staff were really friendly and service-minded, but we didn't realize that the tiny 17-bed dormroom was located in the cellar (along with the kitchen, common room, etc.)...The beds are stacked on top of each other, three in a row. I ended up sleeping in a middle one and I couldn't sit up straight without hitting my head in the bed above me. We ended up spending as little time as possible at the hostel; it was just too depressing staying under ground like that. I can't say anything about the other rooms though, because we did choose the cheapest alternative and probably got what we payed for. I would suggest you booked your own room here if possible, because this was not a very pleasant experience. I got claustrophobic…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or210-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Awful,"Not sure where to start, even by budget hostel standards this place is grim. The staff on the desk are rude and slow to help. The bed sheets were covered in blood stains. There was no hot water in the showers. The Wifi doesn't work. Failed on pretty much every count.  Awful, please don't stay here.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or210-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,good for eurostar link at kingscross station,"We stayed there for 3 nights. there were 3 of us in a 3 bed dorm, so it was private. the room was very small, but the beds weren't as uncomfortable as i had expected.  being close to kings cross is great for getting around, it was only a 2 minute walk, but not a journey that i would want to make after dark. the area seemed ok, but got worse at night. just a few winos hanging around etc.  kings cross is the start point of the eurostar to paris and was the main reason for choosing this hostel, as we had to catch a 5am train.   the place was clean, but not fancy. there is no lift, just narrow stairs. the reception was NOT 24 hours, there was often a 'back in 5 min' sign on the desk and the staff, although  mostly friendly were usually drunk or high and often arrogant/rude. the…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or215-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,NEVER AGAIN,"First of all we thought that 25 pounds (per Person) for a double room in London really is cheap regarding the service they were offering. Free internet, breakfast and also regarding the location.   Anyway when we got there we met friendly staff but they did not explain us where we could find the bathrooms and anything. We got to our room.. There was one double bed just as we booked it. But we did NOT book the hair and the blood stains on the bed sheets. It was really gross, because there were not only a few stains but almost the whole bed was covered in BLOOD stains. As we talked to the receptionist, they immediately changed the sheets. Apparently they FORGOT to change the sheets...  Downstairs there were computers, free to use. Well, there was NO INTERNET ACCESS all 4 days,…",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d282815-Reviews-or215-Home_London-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Home London Hostel Reviews,Good hostel,"At first I was hesitant on staying here in a room of 17 people as I'm a light sleeper and always seem to be next to someone who snores. However, I was really surprised. The beds have curtains on them which gives you a bit of privacy and keeps the light out if you want to sleep early. Everybed has a PowerPoint and a nightlight and breakfast is provided simple but enough.  Good wifi in the rooms also.  Only bad thing about my stay was the hot water well the lack of it anyway and the showers downstairs were getting renovated so the showers upstairs were always being used. ",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
