,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or0-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful hotel!,"Stayed here with my boyfriend for one week on our 3rd anniversary. All the staff were very helpful and nice and the room was amazing! It was actually more like an apartment which we were not expecting. comfortable, homely and very professional. The only problem we had was that it was not cleaned properly everyday but that wasn't a problem for us as we could tidy up after ourselves. I recommend this to everyone looking for a quality stay in a great location. We will definitely be back. Thankyou belle cour!:)",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or0-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it,"After a long journey to get to London for a DofE presentation we were left standing out side the Belle Cour Nail Salon, unable to find the entrance to this hotel so we had to call the properter to find where we should go, he was a bit sharp with asking abruptly why was we call him, then he told us to go numbers 18 this door is not mentioned any where. Finally got into the building up a dark steal staircase to our room. Room laminate not laid properly. Floor in shower very slippery. Cobwebs over light fitting. Curtains need to be blackouts. Someone kept playing the base very loudly so a sleepless night. In the booklet left on desk it said we could get 30% discount at the Dragon Inn (which is directly below) but when asked for discount was told the book was wrong and it should be only 20%, when queried this was told they would not honour it.  It would of been nice to have had a reception and someone to speak to about our concerns.  Would not be recommending this place.…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or0-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Unprofessional and Expensive!!,"I visited the Tachbrook street salon on Friday evening at around 5pm. Upon arrival I was greeted by a very friendly lady, possibly the manager but I don't know. In fact she must be praised for excellent customer service despite the treatment I received was far from acceptable. I bite my nails terribly but I really want to try to stop and I thought if they were cleaned, polished and tidied up then it might make it easier for me to stop biting them. The lady even agreed with me. I explained that i would like the £10.00 manicure but the lady said to me that if I wanted my cuticles done and then filed and polished then this would take more time and it would cost £18.00. I really wanted them to look nice as I had a very important engagement the next day. I had had a full manicure in another Salon last year in Colombia and my nails we're in exactly the same condition, probably a bit worse actually so I recognise that this requires 30 mins or more and it's not just a 20 minute job. So I decided to have the £18.00 30 minute manicure. Well, what a massive disappointment it was. When I sat down I felt like the technician was in all honestly a bit grossed out by my nails. She kept talking to her colleague in her own language which I find quite rude. She literally filed each nail of a couple of seconds, cut my cuticles and then gave me a 5 minute hand massage. I think the whole experience lasted 15 minutes max!! I felt totally ripped off to be honest. Like I said, I had them done last year at a salon in Colombia and the result was fantastic compared to this! I know she could've made a much better job by filing them more evenly round, filing them more evenly on top and making the cuticles look a bit better. £18.00 is a lot of money to me. And I have no issue paying for a service when I feel it's justified. But this just left me feeling so angry that I had spent this much do something I could've got my partner to do for me. Maybe if she couldn't offer me the full 30 minute manicure until my nails have grown out fully then she should've told me this. The thing is that I know that it is possible to make them look better even as they are. Unfortunately for me she just either couldn't be bothered or just saw it as a way of making easy money.  Needless to say I won't be returning. I did follow up with a complaint to the management but, all I got offered was another free visit which is no good to me as I am no longer living here. I did ask for a refund but I was told no! That came as no suprise to be honest. They made an easy bit of money there. It's just a shame the price doesn't reflect the service.   David  …",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or0-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Horrible . It should not have the name of Hotel. It has no reception, no chekin, no one to answer you. I arrived and as I did not find the ""hotel"" I slept in relatives. The other day we found it, after searching a lot. It is a door that we only have access with the help of a person from a room that is in the street. Anyway, I lost my money because I went to a real hotel. Loss. I do not recommend.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or0-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Incredibly disappointing experience ,"Awful place. Cannot be called a boutique hotel by any means. No hot water at all so wasn't able to shower before my flight. No staff on call to fix anything. Tiny cramped room, nothing like the photos. Dirt stains over the walls. Hair on pillows (I assume from the previous guest). Good location but way overpriced for how horrid a stay it was. Fork out 10 or 20 more for a Travelodge - 5star by comparison.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or5-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel run by CROOKS,"We arrived to check-in and were told by Kim, the hotel owner that the hotel was shut down due to a leaky pipe and was requiring repairs. She told us that because we had already paid through a third-party website she would wait for the money to be transferred to her and then she would reimburse us the money we had paid to stay at her hotel. She took pictures of our credit card and said the money would be refunded to the card within a week. That was the beginning of April. It is now July- we received some correspondence from Kim at first as we did not get the money refunded in the time promised. She had a ton of excuses and requested our Paypal account instead. Still no refund four months later and she has stopped responding to our emails. Do not risk your holiday- stay somewhere…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or5-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Simple Stay,"Nice self catering place to stay for one or two night its not comparable to hotel but it does the job if you want to go and visit London for the weekend or see a concert. The room was nice they could of cleaned it a little more and fixed a few things here and there but nothing major amazing heating in the rooms, the only problem I had was you can hear other people for there apartments watching TV or talking to each other the building has very thin walls. You get given tea and coffee,white towels and soap if you need it.  please not belle Cour is a self catering apartments not hotel, but overall I had a lovely simple stay",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or5-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely two night stay!,"Myself and my boyfriend visited the belle cour Victoria from the 14th-16th December 2016 and we really enjoyed our stay.  We were unsure of what to expect after reading mixed reviews about the hotel.   We had a small bit of confusion when we got to London as we had been given a different number and address, after we had found the email that had said the new address and phone number, it was fine from there.  We got to the nail salon and were greeted by a gentlemen who gave us our keys and said to just leave the keys on the desk, we were unsure what he meant by this until we figured it out in the room. The cleaner of the hotel then took us 5 doors down, up some very steep steps and we were inside the room.  Once we had got in to the room, it was very modern with a comfortable bed,…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or5-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!,This is not a hotel- there is no reception and only accessible through a nail salon. We requested early check in which was approved but not honoured. Asked to see our room before we paid and were refused- customer service is non existent. We agreed on free cancellation only for the lady to go back on her word and the manager point black refusing to accept responsibility for his staff. The most unprofessional service I've ever had the misfortune of experiencing. No signs with the name of the hotel which is belle cour although when we booked was welcome inn. An absolute farce. No landline either so if you have any issues you can contact a mobile number which they will only answer on occasion. Choose to not understand English when it suits them and they've taken your money. Please…,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or5-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Bargain central London one nighter,"When I arrived (10 pm) was met by a nice chap who took me a couple of doors down to their other apartments.  I was in a room at the front 1st floor. Great shower good internet connection, room nice n tidy.  Only issue was lack of heating control, not a problem as the weather was fine.  As others have said it's more a room than a hotel, but for that price in that location to get a big room with double bed was amazing (I can live without a buffet breakfast given you're spoilt for choice in London).",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or10-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay in London,"Very hard to find but ticked all the boxes of what we required. Central London for LGW Express, handy for last minute shopping, clean & good sleep. Id I would give one piece of advice, I would ensure the website explained exactly where it was as we walked past it a few times. Also that the stairs were very narrow & steep, would be hard for older people with heavy bags.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or10-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Call it a room, not a hotel.","It trades online as a Welcome Inn, although it no longer is according to the person on reception who booked us in. We were there for one night to be close to Victoria Station for an early morning flight.  This is not a hotel. It is a room, possibly belonging to a nail salon on the same street, but not the same building. There are no signs anywhere for the hotel. You have to search and ask people in the street or nearby shops to find the ""reception area."" There are no extra services such as bar, restaurant, lounge etc. There is nothing boutique about the place. I don't care if it's almost beside Victoria Station, it was simply not worth the money we paid.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or10-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Rooms,"Not really a hotel as no facilities other than the room! Having said that, the room was spacious and clean, great shower too. Would definitely stay here again. Look for a nail bar, the rooms are above it, we walked past a few times before realising where the 'Hotel' was.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or10-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Don't visit Harry Potter, Live it.","I booked what I thought was a single apartment, and I got a single room. I thought I was getting a studio apartment, however, I think I got the cupboard under the stairs. It didn't even have a proper door, it was a sliding door with a hook and eye for added security.  I know I was a little naive and should have checked the details properly but the pictures looked great. Excellent marketing.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or10-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful hotel room in Victoria,"I wouldn't really call this a hotel, just rooms above a nail bar/beauty salon.  That said it was comparably cheap - we stayed in Room 1a, which basic but was spotlessly clean.  The bed was large and comfortable, the room quiet, the shower was excellent, and tea and coffee making facilities were available in the room.  Hotel has no bar or restaurant and the reception is not manned over night, but they do leave a mobile number if you do need to contact someone.  They were very helpful, looking after our bags during the day before and after checkout time, though I wouldn't say that it was secure - just left under the unmanned reception desk. The location was excellent for Victoria Station, and there were plenty of varied restaurants and cafes in the street and those behind the…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or15-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!,"I stayed here for one week in August, 2017 in a single room. My room, bed linen, bathroom, etc. was all spotlessly clean, and cleaned every day.  The Belle Cour is literally located about four minutes walk to Victoria Rail & Underground Stations. It has Pret a Manger two minutes away, etc. Subway Sandwiches next door. Fruit and vegetable stalls at the end of the road.   I realize that the negative reviews are from travelers who expected (and wanted) a hotel hotel with front desk, porters, etc. I don't, and this not what this place is.   It's a very nice, spacious room, with its own private entrance, with no fuss or extra bs. It's very good value for money, and very close to the West End, etc.   The only possible negative I can think of is that for a single woman it might feel a…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or15-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good for London's main attractions,"I stayed here with my daughter,sister and nieces. It's above a nail salon and like others have said you would walk past it as it doesn't look like a hotel ! Our room was spotless and so was the bathroom. My only fault with it was the view which looked down onto a yard. It's a 10 minute walk to Buckingham palace and other main London attractions were in walking distance",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or15-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Complete rip-off,"This is NOT a hotel, in spite of Priceline's ""4 star"" rating.  This is a room above a nail salon, there is no front desk, no hotel staff, no assistance, no lobby, no elevator, no air conditioning, no telephone, no amenities, no restaurant or food service, etc.  But, good news:  if you need to get your nails done or you want a massage that can be arranged.  Do yourself a favor and AVOID this fraud of a hotel at all costs.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or15-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Clandestine apartment building ""hotel"" presented as 4 start hotel on priceline.com","I was the lucky winner of a great deal on priceline.com, after bidding on a 4 star hotel in London. At the ""hotel address"" there is actually a Chinese nail salon running a clandestine ""hotel"" in an apartment building nearby.   The room was upstairs, in a horrible smelling and looking apartment building with 6 flights of stairs. The condition of the room itself was not the end of the world, but far from even a ""1 star"" or ""2 star"" motels. The small window was facing a disgusting external stair case, the smell was horrible, the other happy customers were slamming doors constantly.  The ""reception/concierge"" were in the nail salon, far away from the apartment building. There, no one even pays attention to you.  Since priceline.com ""name your price"" doesn't allow cancellations, this…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or15-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good find,"Was surprised at the one bed apartment , was rally nice and in a great spot two large tv's , main room and bedroom with free wifi , fully working kitchen , will definitely use again , very pleasant owners on site until the shop downstairs closes at 8 pm",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or20-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,Absolutely awful!!! Do not visit this hotel... Me and my fiancé stayed here for one night and it was the worst. We were charged £103 for a pretty basic room. Half of the electrical plugs were unsafe to use. The shower was rusty and dirty and the bathroom didn't even have a lock on!!!  Tiles and walls damaged even though apparently they have recently had a refurbishment. Also meant to have a 24 hour receptionist.. There was no one when we returned at 9.30pm!!! This place is an absolute joke and I have no idea how it has a 4* rating!!! Will never ever be staying here again!!!!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or20-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Room, Excellent Service","We stayed there for one night. Once we got to the hotel which was above a spa I thought the room was going to be awful. We were greeted at the reception by a really friendly lady. Once in the room it was like nothing I expected. Very modern and spacious, with a separate area for a living room and kitchen. Bed was big and comfortable. Loved it. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or20-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights stay -,"Room was a standard double overlooking the back, on the second floor. Room was perfectly adequate.  Very good en-suite.  All clean.  Slept with windows open, as weather was very warm...no noise problem!  Would recommend the hotel.  Receptionists abd Housekeeper very pleasant and helpful.  Area has plenty Of cafés and places to eat.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or20-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel!,"I stayed here in May with my girlfriend after we found out we had to stay another night in London and came across Belle Cour as a last minute deal online.   Belle Cour is super close to Victoria Underground Station and is located on the edge of a street within a beauty salon with no evidence of a hotel being inside, so look out for that.   We had to call the hotel to open up the door as we arrived at about 10.30pm. The door was then opened up by a man who showed us through to reception whilst on the phone (talking in another language) which made us feel a little unwelcome and we were stood there waiting 5 minutes for him to finish his telephone conversation before he acknowledged us. He carried our cases up the staircase, showed us to our room and said goodnight.   The room was…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or20-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Not suitable accomdation for stopping the night before a conference,"My employers (NHS) booked this in good faith so that I could attend a conference in London. However it was very crafty of Belle Cour to have called this a hotel when it is not at all.  Firstly it is very hard to find as the reception is in a nail bar. When I arrived I was asked for photographic ID (not expecting this but luckily I had my driving licence). Then the polite receptionist asked me to follow her out of the salon and along the street to a black house door. She unlocked this and led me up an un inviting flight of stairs (no lift). Then she unlocked another door (not a fire door) onto a well lit, seeming clean, tiled and laminated floor corridor (note our footsteps echoed around the hallway), then down a few steps to what looked like a sliding cupboard door. This door…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or25-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,The double standard room was wonderful very spacious it had everything we needed .. great view .. big double bed .. tv in room .. very clean bathroom .. kitchen with all you can posibile want .. the car parking space was in the back of the hotel close and visibile from inside of the stairs windows .. all in all a great hotel close to the center of London .. by walk 10 minutes to Big Ben and London Eye .. and 5 minutes to Buckingham Palace .. 10 out of 10 .. Cheers ! ;),Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or25-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Ok budget place,"I was in a one-person room, which was quite ok for a budget place. The bathroom was clean and the water pressure was good. The sink wasn't in the bathroom, which is an interesting solution but didn't bother me. The bed could've been better, but it was ok for a night or two at least for me.  The location was quite good with Victoria station nearby.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or25-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Expected more,"This is not a hotel. It is serviced apartment! The access to reception is at the entrance to a nail bar so you can be confused as to where the place is located. The receptionist supplies a bunch of keys and takes you to the room a few doors down. The rooms are above the shops. The front door is accessed via a Yale lock.The entrance hall is narrow, sparce and smells musty. There is no lift so hope you have not got really heavy bags! Up the stairs to another locked door, another Yale lock. The hall off which the apartments are located is very fresh and newly refurbished to a high standard. All apartments doors have a mortice lock but no spy hole in the door to see who is in the corridor.  The room itself was bijou (small), but clean and tidy and newly refurbished. A double bed,…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or25-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Manageable for a night or two's stay,"Had to stay here for a night even owing to unavailability of a day at another place during my long term stay. I found the single room to be small but extremely clean and well equipped. The location couldn't get better either.  However, as many other reviews indicate, it is a small hotel/ bnb and some rooms are actually in a different building. I was left stranded on the road for good 1-2 hours at night since the reception staff was missing and I didn't know the ext door number of this other building- which is where my room was.  Anyway, it is decent for a day's stay. Hope they improved their service, atlas someone should be available at reception or on phone all the time.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or25-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it!! ,"At first I thought I had booked the wrong place,  it was a beauty and nail bar,  but the hotel is at the back! Such a sweet place,  staff very helpful. When I booked I thought we were going to get a room and a bathroom. We were in room No. 2 Got a lovely bedroom with a TV, amazing bathroom and a kitchen and lounge!!!! Also with a TV :)  I am blown away at how clean and modern the inside of the hotel ""room"" was,  felt like a flat in London. I can't recommend this place enough, central to everything :) ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or30-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor conditions !","We had room 3, at the top up flights of very narrow stairs. Fortunately, our bags were carried up for us. The overpowering smell of sewerage was unpleasant and grew stronger overnight. Only used kettle and shower which was fantastic. The reception arrangements were haphazard and faith was required to leave our bags in the room only to return a few hours later to find them 'gone', after a ten minute wait we found them no problem but the whole experience was faceless. We are kicking ourselves for not checking TripAdvisor first :(",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or30-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Helpful.. Friendly ..,"Long way up the stairs with no lift but worth it when you get there.clean quiet and very close to supermarket,s restaurants and of cause the underground. The staff are very helpful and nothing was a bother .the washing machine had not been going for a while so the owners did a daily wash and fold for us at no charge .would certainly stay again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or30-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",One of my most awful experiences .....,"Right in the center of London, 500 m from Victoria Station Belle Cour is an awful place. I got an appartment with bedroom and living room under the roof at third floor. The flat was very cold, i was unable to find how to turn on heater.... Probably does not work... Some pieces are obviously missing as on the picture. Internet was so slow that most of my requests were timed out with computer, iPhone, Android phone.... Of course i requested help to the reception, they promised to send a man... That i am still waiting in the night.   How is it possible to charge 125 £ / 160 euro a night ? For such a service ? It is rated 4 stars.... I can not imagine.... I spent many nights in one or two stars location for less than 50 euros where service was better.  Awful experience..... Take…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or30-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Miss-leading as a Hotel and Spa! really misleading advertising, shame on you..your kidding me! lol","Should have read the reviews before we booked and payed in advance. Its basically 2  rooms above a Nail bar oops sorry a nail Spa - to be honest not horrendous accommodation clean\ish and the beds were very comfortable. But and a big but!! ....The top room my daughter and her boyfriend stayed in smelt really bad of blocked drains or damp or something! on the surface was clean and roomy- they just slept with the windows wide open. We paid just over £70 each for 5 of us for 1 night."" in a Hotel"" i'll say again a Hotel""!! just wanted to be clear...  Way overpriced for what was basically 2 flats one of them with a camp bed in the middle of a kitchen with one tiny pillow. (not a Hotel) The shower and toilet in the lower room was stained with a moldy panel on the side of the bath. i…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or30-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not 4 star!,"Basic 2 rooms, one with a pull out bed in the kitchen area and one double. Very creaky bed which squeaks every time you move! The bathroom smells of drains. No cups for a coffee or tea. Otherwise, clean bedding, handy location but wouldn't return.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or35-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but not a 4* or a hotel or a spa!,"Stayed here for 2 nights. We were in room 2. It was ok but not a hotel or spa. It was clean, the double bed in our bedroom was comfy but my friend who slept in the living area had some sort of leather thing to sleep on where the sheet didn't fit so she kept sticking to the leather! Not enough towels for shower and no hand towels, we had no bath mat the second day. The location is ok for Victoria Station. When we arrived at the hotel early I was just given a bunch of keys and told we could leave our bags. No info was given. When we came back to the hotel that night after shopping there was nobody there, I had to figure out that the bunch of keys I was given earlier was so that we could let ourselves in through the front door and door through to reception and then finally a…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or35-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Ok I guess,"The suite was tidy enough but not really well appointed . 2 unmatched glasses only , freezer was off and 3 uht milk cartons only :-( . There was a prevailing smell coming from the soil stacks which wasn't pleasant and the bed creaked like mad ... More of an issue for our neighbours than us .    Not massively impressed but then I haven't been in any London hotel so far.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or35-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",average but handy for victoria station and surrounding theatres,"first things first, this is not a spa hotel/boutique hotel...in fact I would struggle to class it as a hotel at all. As others have said this is a series of rooms above a nail bar beauty shop.  We arrived at Victoria station and the hotel was an easy 5 min walk from the station so the location for us was perfect. There is no clear sign of where you enter the hotel, it uses the same street entrance as the nail bar, the first door on the right is the nail bar the unsigned door at the end of the corridor is the hotel. this door is usually locked so you will probably have to go back into the nail bar and ask for somebody to come to reception. reception is just a tiny counter squashed into a narrow corridor where you will be checked in and given a set of 3 keys to get you through the…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or35-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Two is generous. This is simply 3 or 4 rooms above a nail salon (not a ""spa"") not a ""boutique"" hotel as described",Somehow this place was listed as 4 stars (?!?!) on the hotel search that we used to purchase the room for the evening Literally NO reception lobby - were locked out and then a phone call answered by trashy nail spa with pink fluorescent sign  Stained coffee cups Trash behind curtain Need to carry three keys to get in and out Don't answer phone  No elevator No cups in bathroom  No hand towels No soap  Very small room No other amenities at all  - no food machines or drink or ice - no concierge or even front desk Almost like a hostel  Lamp bulb was out- no one to fix it No way to hang onto luggage at all,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or35-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",About Belle Cour Hotel near London Victoria,"Overall quality of hotel and tidiness of the room is below the expected. Only the location is quite good, easy to get by walk to all the well-known places in London. On the website it is stated that this is a hotel & spa - do not expect any pool or sauna there, only a manicure/pedicure saloon is located on the ground floor under the hotel. So, this is not a spa hotel at all.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or40-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value for Money,"I booked and paid for a room before reading the reviews, and arrived full of trepidation. Totally unnecessary! I telephoned the evening before our arrival to make sure we could leave our luggage, which was no problem. The reception is a little strange, in that the manager seems to work in the nail bar adjoining the hallway, but we waited no time before he arrived, and greeted us. When we mentioned the luggage, he went straight upstairs, and then invited us to go to our room nearly 3 hours before check-in time as it had just been freshly cleaned. The room was accessed by a small private hallway, yes it was small, but perfectly adequate, and clean; because of a previous review, I even checked the bedding. There was a large wardrobe, with iron and ironing board, and  a huge amount…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or40-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the bad reviews - great place!,"Seen some bad reviews of this place so hopefully this will put the record straight.The room was a decent size apartment in the middle of Pimlico and cost me less than a £100 for a night. There were a couple of fold out beds available.  So here's what you get. The hotel is actually a series of four rooms, looks like 1 and 1a are jsleeping quarters, room 2 was our apartment, Belle Cour is part serviced apartments, part nail bar, so the title is a little misleading but don't worry about it. Look for the place on Upper Tachbrook Road about ten minutes from Victoria, corner of Upper Tachbrook and Vauxhall Brdige Road. Ignore the nail bar on the right as you go in, instead walk along the corridor and knock on the door about 5 meters ahead. This is reception, sign in, pay and you are…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or40-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Thank You Belle Cour,"excellent location - only minutes from Victoria station means you can reach everywhere on the tube.  the room was massive, with a kitchen including cooker hob, microwave, microwave and washing machine as well as toaster and kettle.  Very comfortable living area.  Large bathroom.  Bed was very comfortable, and we two fold out beds were also in a spacious hall area. All areas were spotlessly clean. Very security conscious, which made us feel safe immediately. The staff were friendly and very helpful, letting us check in early so we could attend a special event. Will definitely use the Belle Cour again.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or40-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,Location of this hotel is very good.it is close to victoria station.you can reach everwhere by underground.room is huge and practical.this hotel is reasonable for family .the price is ok .there are lots of restaurants close to the hotel..,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or40-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good if you don't mind dirty bed linen.,"Our first impression of room 1A was great, it had everything we needed, unfortunately when we rolled back the bed sheets to find blood stains, dirt and pubic hairs, it became apparent that the bed linen was probably still on the bed from the previous occupants.  We would have complained to reception, unfortunately there's nobody around after 7pm, which may also cause problems if arriving late, since the doors are all closed.  Ignoring the dirty bed linen, which was difficult, we also had trouble sleeping due to the road noise.  For anyone planning on staying in a self catering apartment, this place is perfect, provided you arrive before lock up and bring your own bed linen.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or45-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable and good location,"Huge room with a kitchen, laundry, and a sitting room. Bed was a little firm for our tastes and the wifi was weak. The location near Victoria Station is great, especially for the price. You have to use an actual key not a card and it is on a large keychain that you have to carry around London.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or45-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,The only problem with this place is the title. It's not really a Hotel and the 'Spa' is a nail bar. Instead it is a collection of rooms in a great location at a reasonable price. I had room 1 and it was clean and well equipped with a great shower. There is no lift and the stairs are a little narrow so this place won't suit people with limited mobility or wheelchair users. Free WiFi is provided too. I had  no problems during my stay and I'd certainly consider staying again. The location is great and only a few minutes stroll from Victoria station.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or45-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good for money ,"Booked this hotel online and then started to panic after reading the reviews! No need to panic!!!! We were greeted nicely when we arrived. We had a luxury room on the third floor and the stairs were completely fine. As for the room it was excellent, small but clean. Our window was right by the road and we had a perfect nights sleep. For what you are paying this hotel is ideal and is literally a 5 minute walk from the nearest tube station. Will be returning. ",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or45-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","""Great Find""","If it is a Hotel and Spa you are looking for don't book, if, like us it is an appartment you need look no further. I booked without looking at Trip Adviser and I am glad I did. The apparment was clean, well equipped and very warm.  The owner was very pleasant and helpful. Our appartment was cleaned daily and sheets changed in our three night stay. I will definately stay on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or45-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,This is a joke of a hotel. a few rooms above a so called spa. Staff are rude and the price is too much. This is more like one of those cheap bed and breakfast places you get in Asia. Although they are better and friendlier by far.,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or50-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",all great,We didnt stay in our original room as it had some problem but they gave us other accommodation in other building that they own. they paid for our taxi and lady was very nice and helpful. the replacement room was more like flat than hotel room. it was brilliant lovely living room with kitchen with everything you need. bedroom was a little small but cosy bed was more comfortable than one i have at home :D and shower was nice and clean. i was very satisfied with my stay and i would recommend it to everyone.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or50-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly surprised,"I booked this hotel for a romantic night with my partner. Having read the reviews I was worried at what I was going to find. However it was clean, comfortable, ok size. Issue with hot water but other than that fine. Much better than more expensive premier inns and travel lodges.i would recommend for a good budget hotel in central London.   ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or50-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Boutique - no, not really.","Boutique hotel is pushing the vernacular somewhat.  This is 3 rooms above a nail bar - there is no spa available apart from maybe getting your nails done.  However, the rooms are clean and reasonably modern and the staff, when they are about, are quite helpful.  We were staying for just one night and really only needed a bed as we were out late and gone early, so it met our needs, but I wouldn't want to stay longer.  We stayed in room 3, top floor, no lift.  The room was spacious, fitted kitchen and large tv.  The bathroom was a bit cramped owing to the shape of the house and was cold, very cold.  There is no breakfast - again not a problem for us and it is situated within a few hundred meters of Victoria station - very handy in a reasonably quiet and residential area.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or50-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Not a hotel, just some rooms beside a nail bar...","After walking past a nail bar twice or 3 times in search of this ""hotel"" we eventually figured that the nail bar was the ""hotel"". We were given a mobile number in the nail bar, which we called and somebody arrived a couple of minutes later to let us into our room. The room, in fairness, was clean modern & tidy. At one stage while in our room one of the staff members decided to let themselves in and promptly left again, who knows why, but it made us feel very uneasy. Overall, not a good experience and could not recommend it to friends.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or50-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",CANNOT RECOMMEND,"We booked well in advance of our intended stay and had to change plans 3 weeks ahead of the trip.   The hotel were totally inflexible (when they did finally get back to us!) unwilling to offer any kind of refund.   To cap it all, 2 days after intended stay, they sent us an email thanking us for staying with them!!!! Would suggest that you do not book this hotel, unless you are absolutely certain of travel and have read all of the available Trip Advisor reviews!",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or55-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Good luck getting anybody on the phone who knows anything. The hotel phone number goes straight to the spa. The spa sent me to a cell phone number of someone. Nobody spoke English well at all (typical for London, but not quite THIS poorly). I was told at 7:15pm that the receptionist couldn't check to see if my colleagues were staying in this hotel or not until 8pm when he would be back at a computer screen. Really????? How does this hotel even operate?",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or55-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",nice rooms,"On a girls weekend away we decided to stay here. The room was nice, clean and modern. Only thing i disliked about the room was that it was right by the front door. Also no hot water for the shower, and absolutely no way to rectify this. Wouldn't return.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or55-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",who knows if  its any good,"Dodgy entrance. Despite booking well in advance arrived to drop off suitcase to be told they'd overbooked and wold transfer me to a nearby appt. As a lone female traveller the offer to be taken by the guy at reception in a strange city did not appeal! Sent instructions about how to let myself in. Up 4 flights of stairs, no lift, not dda compliant. No reception. Appt smelt of stale cigarette smoke  nasty black stain on bathroom ceiling. Stains on cushions on bed. 25 st george square london. Pimlico. Nice area but these guys aren't legit. £150 a night  too!",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or55-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Strange,"After waiting for 10 minutes for somebody to arrive at reception to check us in, we eventually had to visit the spa next door to ask for assistance. The lady then rang the manager/owner who was elsewhere, to come to check us in. He arrived after 45 minutes and checked us in. We climbed up 3 flights of very narrow stairs with our luggage, and were left with the set of about 10 different keys. After exploring the apartment we were left disappointed. It was very small and looked unfinished. The kitchen facilities were not great and as the fridge/freezer was not working, it let out an awful smell. Bed was not comfortable or supportive, and the bathroom was rusty and smelt of damp. However, the shower was nice and large. Very odd experience.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or55-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!,"I live in London so have not used the rooms, but my experience of the 'spa' (nail bar)  is not a good one.  Customer service is zero.  As the hotel and spa have the same phone number/address I assume they also share staff, so I am writing this to warn against the place in general  I was given a voucher which had a ridiculously short validity (3 months).  I acknowledge that I did not use the voucher in this time and that the expiry date was printed on it.  However I phoned up to ask if it could still be used This hotel/spa is advertising itself as a 4 star establishment so I had phoned in the hope of receiving 4 star customer service.  I didn't. I was told the voucher couldn't be used, so I asked to speak to a manager.  This is where my complaint starts - the lady I was talking…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or60-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever,"I realy can't understand how can somebody call this a 4 star boutique hotel & SPA. Unprofesional and arrogant staff, room in a basement.... We supposed to stay there for 4 nights, but when I saw the room, we left immediately... Do not waste your time, money or enything else on this property",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or60-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and tidy,"Clean and tidy. Everything we expected and required from our room. The arrival was a little strange as the room is beneath a nail bar. The room included a full sized fridge freezer and a toaster, yet no cooking facilities, plates etc?? It would have been nice to be greeted with a smile on arrival, or a hello/goodbye/smile/grunt, on any of the times we passed reception.               ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or60-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Cancel and go elsewhere,"First of all if you read any of my reviews you would see that I am only fair!   To begin with booking.com have a case to answer with respect of reviewing this as 4 star on their sight. Furthermore they list it as a hotel which is most defiantly not. On reading the reviews on this sight we tried to cancel but this was refused by the hotel even though they stated on their site there is a 48hr cancellation, apparently if you book through booking direct it is 72hrs.  This is three serviced apartments which have poor access for anyone with luggage or disability. I question if it seriously would pass a fire inspection as a hotel.  We had room 3 right at the top of the place, which is in fact underneath a parade of shops and directly under a nail bar.  The room to be fair was…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or60-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",It started so well..,"When we arrived we were really pleased with this place. We had an apartment for three and it was really nice. Hotel is well located near Victoria, and was clean and modern.  It went down hill after we were accused of stealing a bedspread!  The only way they believed us was when we opened our suitcases to prove we didn't have it. The fact that we couldn't get anything other than our own belongings in our cases didn't seem to matter.  The bedspread was not that nice and certainly not worth stealing and dragging half way across the country to use in your own home. It was that big you would have to pay to take it on the tube!  Good job we never took the shower gel hey!  Shame really - if you want to stay there I suggest you get them to do an inventory check before you leave so as to…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or60-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",it's really unvaluable.,"it's really terrible experience for my family. Even I wanted to check out at the first date, the hotel didn't refund at all. The room was under the basement, has no windows, and even looked unsafe. Please search other hotels. ",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or65-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",It was just weird,"First of all, this spot is hard to find, it's above a nail bar, you can find the reception place but it's just a hall way with a small reception counter there.   I was checked in to a basement room, decent size, but that's the only good thing i can say about it. The shower didn't work that well, and no AC in the room which was really hard for me because the room was hot as a oven! so i couldn't falling asleep I tried to ask the staff for a fan but no one was at the reception, and never showed up until next morning.   I won't call this place a ""hotel"", it was just a weird place, don't even bother to stay there.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or65-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Great, if you just came out of prison","What a sham. This is nothing but tiny, ugly, depressing, dilapidated rooms on top of a nail salon. No reception, no room service, no breakfast. The bathroom door did not close, the shower did not function properly, the place was terribly noisy and hotter than a steam-bath. Choose sleeping under the London bridge instead of staying at the Belle Cour.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or65-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","This is not a ""Boutique Hotel"" it is ""rooms"" above a Chinese Nail Bar","Hotels have a reception, bar, restaurant, lifts, air-con,coffee machine, the Belle Cour has none of those. What it does have however is a smelly dirty bathroom, unsafe electrics,basic furniture,spare mattresses under beds and a whole lot of steep stairs to climb if you are in the room at the top !!! And when they say they can accomodate 3 in a room all you get is a cheap foldaway camp bed. The lack of air conditioning made our room unbearable as you couldnt leave the windows open for the noise outside. When we arrioved there was a blue ""sticky"" on the door with a number to call to get the keys to the 3 doors you had to open to get access, at least they numbered them 1,2.etc so you didnt have to keep trying the keys.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or65-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Boutique Hotel ? Really !!,"The definition of the word ""Hotel"" = ""an establishment providing accommodation, meals, and other services for travellers and tourists"".  We experienced accommodation - but meals and ""other services"" - not what we experienced at all.  Top floor apartment seems to have been forgotten when it came to being cleaned or repaired with any cost.  Peeled, chipped woodwork, paint and plaster (particularly round the amazingly squint velux window in the shower area!!).  There was a build up of brown yukkiness around the shower door and facing, the soap dispenser oozed brown liquid.  The front windows only opened half way due to there being a concrete obstruction at the front of them. There was a double electric wall socket cut in half so it slotted into the corner of the wall (dangerous !),…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or65-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if at all possible!,"If you rate customer satisfaction, I'd avoid this place at all costs! Although the rooms are nice, this is not really a hotel, more of an apartment over the top of a nail bar. As for spa, read massage/beauty treatments!! I have enclosed a couple of pictures which show the staff's solution to the fact that there were no blinds at the window in the attic room! Probably why blinds are not made out of paper I think! The manager will probably say (indeed he rudely told me on the phone) that he couldn't get blinds put up at such short notice. However, if you read through some of these reviews, I'm not the first to mention this!! At £167 for one room for one night, I expected more! If you DARE to complain and ask for your money back, you'll be issued with a form to sign which states…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or70-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and tidy room but service not great,"I stayed here as a group of 6 girls. We booked two rooms and we were 3 in each room. One was on the top floor the other on The basement. Rooms were clean and tidy one double bed however the other bed was a camp bed . Had we had known this we wouldn't have booked it. When we had paid 60 pound a person this seemed expensive. One of the Rooms had the small kitchen however upon boiling the kettle it shorted the electricity. We converted the receptionist who came to the room to sort it out. Her solution to the problem was to remove the kettle from the other room we were staying in leaving 3 of us without a kettle. Her customer service left a lot to be desired and clearly not her strong point. All in all i would say its a good location, clean room, but a bit over priced. Would have…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or70-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and modern but cold and disappointing..,"Stayed here as a woman on my own for 1 night.  Slightly disconcerting that the entrance is to a nail bar with the sign not making a mention of a hotel at all... the black cab driver waited for a 'thumbs up' before leaving me !!  I was led up 5 narrow flights of stairs to the room in the roof of the building and I felt very nervous about my chances in the event of a fire (this is not something I have EVER considered anywhere else I've stayed, I am not someone with an especially nervous disposition). Luckily I figured that as the window opened onto a tiny ledge I good stand there until the fire brigade arrived...!!  Anyway, the room itself was very clean and modern but thats probably the only positive thing I can say.  The room itself was broken in two by a wardrobe and in one…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or70-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value for money, huge room, in fact 3 rooms for my money!!!","Don't be put off by the hotel being above a nail saloon, the rooms are huge, very clean, very modern & 5 mins walk from Victoria station - all in all a good choice. Some nice places to eat and drink right on the doorstep. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or70-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",OK but...,If you like stairs this is the hotel for you! After a long journey we arrived at the hotel to find we had to carry three heavy suit cases up three flights of very narrow stairs. Then to find we did not have the extra bed as requested it was in the room below!  The manager eventually arrived and made the bed up in the middle of the kitchen/dinnig area so we had to walk round this for three days! The only thing going for this hotel was it was very clean and quite and in a good location.  Would I stay here again NO!!!,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or70-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Massage facilities good. Excellent massage.,I have not stayed in the hotel but use the spa frequently for massage. I have found it clean and efficient. The massage I ger is consistently good and the pricing is competitive.  Can certainly recommend. ,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or75-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",You won't get what you pay for........,"We booked to stay here in May and were very disappointed with our decision.  We paid to stay in one of their Executive Suite which according to their website includes the following: Coffee Maker, Kitchenette, Washing Machine, Microwave and a Dishwasher.  When we arrived we were put into the basement room which had none of the above.  It was a double room, certainly not an executive suite.  We complained to the receptionist who advised that there would be nothing she would be able to do until the next day when here manager was back in.  Reluctantly we stayed in the room for that night.  The basement room had a small window which as you will see in the photos had a wonderful view of some building equipment.  There was also an exposed wire hanging out of the back of the bathroom…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or75-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Neat little hotel in london cbd,"This hotel was in a great position, serviced daily, no breakfast area, but quite comfortable, tiny rooms, no outlook, no staff on front desk after a certain time, front door is locked but you have a key to get in. Staff are still on premises. i think. Might be wise to check that, i like to have some one around in case of an emergency. Bed was not so comfortable.",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or75-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","nice apartment, fabulous place for a manicure","a well deserved 4 out of 5 for this 3 star apartment  its a nice place, superbly clean (literally sparkling floors!!!)  we (3 of us) stayed in a studio with a double bed and a single - there was plenty of room for a short stay but we would have needed more wardrobe space if we had stayed much longer the apartment had a toaster, kettle, fridge, ipod docking station and an iron & ironing board the apartment was a short walk from victoria station and wasnt far from some shops and fast food places - no bars or restaurants though the bed was pretty hard and the towels were v small and there were only 3 - so no hand towel - but these were relatively minor points that didnt affect our stay you also get a 30% discount at the beauty place upstairs (or downstairs depending on where you…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or75-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hidden gem,"I wasn't sure what to expect when I turned up as the hotel is basically linked to a nail spa but i was so impressed with the cleanliness of the reception and professional service.  Our room was much larger than i expected with a separate dining area and the bathroom was huge with a great shower. There were tea facilities and a large flat screen tele but the only downside was that the tele was out of view from the bed but that's only personal preference about watching tele in bed!! Overall, my husband and I had a fabulous stay. It's a stone throw from Victoria Station and the room was clean and comfy.  For the price  you pay I don't think you will find better in the area.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or75-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Good apartment but dreadful bed,"A small number of rooms above a nail bar 7 minutes walk from Victoria station.The apartments themselves are well equipped with a bedroom, reasonable sized bathroom and kitchenette with table and sofa. There are 2 tv's and free wifi. The apartments look great and were spotlessly clean but I'd not stay they again until they replace the mattresses. It was like sleeping on the floor. I spoke to the manager the following day and he said that Asian's like hard mattresses (he was Asian). Other reviewers have commented that the beds were hard....I like a firm mattress but this was like lying on a board with no give whatsoever. If they changed the mattress then I would stay here again but having had a sleepless night, I won't until then.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or80-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, clean modern room, friendly staff.","We stayed here in September and it was a nice surprise. Luckily after reading a few reviews prior to going we knew to look for the nail salon or it would have been confusing to find the actual hotel. Its a four story walk up with no elevator but the manager was determined to carrying our bags to our top floor unit. The suite we booked wasn't available so we stayed in the studio for the first night and moved to the one bedroom suite for the remainder. The rooms are very modern, bright and clean with kitchens and even a washing machine which was quite useful. The only negative was the kitchens weren't stocked with the basics, such as dish cloths, towels, soap, dishwasher soap and laundry soap. My wife made full use of the spa downstairs which she enjoyed. The location is perfect,…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or80-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky and fun,"This is a really quirky and fun place! For 4 girls all looking to share an apartment this was ideal. We stayed in rooms 1 and 1a which each had a locking door to make them into separate hotel rooms, but also opened up into a large and well furnished two bedroom/two bathroom apartment with dining area, kitchen, sofa and a big flat screen tv in each room. Everything was very clean and nicely finished. I slept very well in what all other reviews had reported to be a very hard bed!  We also took advantage of the nail bar downstairs and enjoyed a very luxurious manicure and pedicure which after a long days work was just what we needed! The staff were all really friendly and there was a 30% discount on treatments for paying guests.  These apartments are in a great location for…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or80-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Not what we thought we had booked but.....,"Our taxi driver had never heard of it but we stopped outside the address. It was a Nail Bar and also offering massage, it was a Beauty Salon. Bright and clean but a beauty salon nonetheless. The  taxi driver said""good luck mate!"" We ventured into the doorway and a sign said Belle Cour. A man welcomed us and checked us in to our serviced apartments. To be fair a fried had booked it for us and I assumed it was a hotel in Victoria with a swimming pool and spa. Our serviced apartment turned out to be a hotel room( small but then it's London.) Our friends room came with a small kitchen and dining area. The room was clean, new with a good TV and plenty of channels. The bathroom was good and a faulty tap was quickly replaced. The bed was the hardest I  ever slept in! To be fair if it…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or80-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, lovely room and huge shower!!","Fantastic location, lovely room and huge shower!! We originally booked one night here as we were down to meet friends and we ended up loving it that much we stayed another night! We were upgraded both nights which was lovely.  Yes the apartment is above a beauty salon but to have your own apartment where you can come and go in ideal for a weekend away in London. Very close to Victoria and Pimlico tube station perfect location. I will definitely be returning in the future.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or80-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Shambles - a lesson in dissatisfaction,"I had booked a night at this hotel through Expedia the evening before travelling to a critical business meeting, receiving confirmation and payment being taken the evening before and then a further email confirming my 2pm arrival at 1130 the next day. Despite having my email and mobile details, the hotel cancelled my reservation at 1430 via the agent with neither the hotel or Expedia bothering to ring me. I am lucky enough to have an iPhone and access to my email and luckily checked before making my way across London. It took me ringing America to actually get Expedia to sort this out, leaving me apoplectic with anger. I emailed the General Manager directly after the event, daring to ask for an explanation as to what happened, but didn't receive even an acknowledgement, never…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or85-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go to it,"I booked it for the space, location and the fact of the separate sitting room and bedroom. Well on arrival you think you are going to a Nail Saloon, in no way is this a Hotel, it's an apartment rental facility that has NO SPA unless the Nail bar is considered a Spa. I checked in which was prompt and shown up to my room on a narrow staircase, the room was big, for London standards, looked bright and clean. The Tiled floors everywhere and modern kitchen with plasma TV's in bedroom and lounge. The kitten with no cups, no glasses, and a few dirty old dishes was a joke, the really have a lack of attention to detail. The bed was rock solid, a real Ikea last minute sale item I guess. Upon check I was asked if I would be out after midnight, I would have to call a number to get in as the…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or85-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Strange little place...,"Like the other reviews about this hotel, on arrival Belle Cour appeared to simply be a beauty salon, but after reading previous reviews we were aware of this. We entered the hallway and were greeted by a friendly enough man on reception. There appeared to be a small glitch at check-in as to the room we were being given, and this was soon rectified by the appearance of another man who was also friendly.  We were given room six, and were led up the staircase to the attic. I noticed that the stairs were quite narrow, but also funnily enough that the wooden floor were really rather lovely!! When we reached the final flight of stairs, leading to our room, which I believe to be an attic conversion, there was no light as it was broken. I thought this was quite dangerous as the stairs…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or85-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky but clean and modern,"This is a very small hotel, almost more in a European than a British style.  The entrance is tucked up the side of a beauty parlour - neither the taxi driver nor I were quite sure whether it was a house of ill-repute when he dropped me off. However, it does offer a high quality of basic service in a location where there are few alternatives in this price bracket.  There is nothing here except the rooms and a person on the front desk in the daytime and early evening - and even that seems a bit uncertain.  Past the front, however, the rooms are very modern with ingeniously contrived bathrooms.  Don't expect to swing the proverbial cat but it is comfortable and quiet.  The surrounding streets have a reasonable selection of cafes for breakfast and small restaurants but it is a bit…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or85-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel and no idea of running a hotel,"This hotel caught my eye for its location, being close to Victoria station and the pictures looked amazing.  When I arrived I wasn't sure what I was arriving at, the sign said Belle Cour but Belle Cour what, it looked like a health and beauty shop.  NO where was a sign saying Hotel.  I checked in which was efficient and prompt and assisted up to my room up a very narrow staircase.  When I got into the Hotel room it was huge, it was a 1 bedroomed apartment with everything and decorated to a very high spec spanish apartment.  Tiled floors everywhere and modern kitchen 50"" plasma TV's in bedroom and lounge.  Lack of attention to detail is evident as they have combined modern tiling and traditional tap fittings in the bathroom.  The bed was ROCK HARD and they had put an ill fitting…",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or85-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - more of a serviced apartment than a hotel,"I stayed here for a week for a business trip to London. The hotel is located within a few minutes’ walk of victoria rail/underground station. The ""hotel"" is quite small, and consists of only a handful of rooms. The room i stayed in offered a kitchenette, and contained a fridge freezer, microwave, sink, kettle, toaster, washing machine, ironing board, and iron. the spa is actually a nail salon on the bottom floor of the hotel, and residents are entitled to a discount. At the time of writing, everything in the hotel was brand new and extremely clean. I also had a large lcd tv in the bedroom and one in the lounge!  There are no restaurant facilities in the hotel, however several restaurants within seconds of the hotel, as well as a few supermarkets.  Negatives - hotel is very close…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d2345446-Reviews-or90-Belle_Cour_Victoria-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Belle Cour Victoria Hotel Reviews, London",The world’s hardest bed,"The world’s hardest bed. We had to check under the sheets to make sure that there was a mattress, it looked brand new, we gave it a chance and it turned out to be one of the worst night sleeps I have had in a hotel.   On the plus side every thing was clean tidy and looks brand new, I am sure we were the first people to stay there as the bedside lamp was not properly put together and there were still the instruction inside the microwave. The wires hanging out of the ceiling above the beds from one of the missing light fitting were a bit concerning, but out of most peoples reach.  This is not a typical hotel and I am not sure I would call it one. It was like staying in someone’s nice new one bedroom flat. There was a fully functioning kitchen (cooker, fridge/freezer & washing…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
