,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or0-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Stuck up cow manager,2 years ago the gallery was a brilliant friendly place.  Recently stayed there and it has all changed.  I asked o e of the workers  quite politely how do you work the oven and the obnoxious toad replied it works just like a h over oven. Then after asking  him again finally he showed Half hour later I went to the oven and it hadn't turned on. So I went up to him and said you didn't turn the oven on he muttered something and I said what did you call me . Then the stuck manager walked past and said hes having a bad day I said I don't care I don't ex6to be treated like that she looked at me and said move on. How rude I'll never go there again it's cold and the atmosphere his terrible,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or0-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",friendly stuff but the building is awful,"bathrooms were really sparse some dirty, some showers didn't work or you had showers with folding doors- cringy! two normal toilets and three with not fully closed doors and in addition no door to the whole bathroom at all. Sorry no privacy is really not cool...  We were the unlucky room with a blocked pipe above us so that big parts of the ceiling came down in the middle of the night haha the girl sleeping under the spot was lucky it just fell on her feet and didn't hurt her any further.  There's no lift, was glad I didn't get one of the upper upper rooms The kitchen was far smaller than it appears in the pictures  Was a bit irritated as the normal entrance door isn't used to get into the hostel but the basement door. That first impression I got from the hostel kind of confirmed in the end.  But the stuff was lovely, super friendly and helpful!! There's good free breakfast and you're only 1 min walk away from Hyde Park, 5 min from Queensway or Bayswater station. Bustling area but quiet street in which the hostel is situated.…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or0-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Cheap, friendly staff, no lift","I stayed there for two nights for only 15 pounds per night in a 8-bed dorm while booking on the day of the first night. The staffs are quite friendly, one of them always smile and greet the guests. I have to walk 5 flights of stairs to my room (from -1 to 4). My room's door handle doesn't turn back on itself at the outside and kept making noises before my roommate instruct me to open the door and manually turn it and close the door again. The toilets are very small and can be kept cleaner. The water pressure was also very low for shower. Breakfast was free with bread, cereal and fruits. Overall I say it's decent for its price.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or0-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Worst Experience in London,"I stayed in Gallery Hyde Park for 4 nights in 8 all-female room. Before my arrival, no one answered my email. They did not provide towels for free, the bed was missing a sheet, while the pillow did not have a cover, etc.  The staff were not that helpful, and they looked unprofessional. The toilets were very dirty, cleaning was insufficient.  The surprise was the mice in the kitchen, I felt as I was in a Cartoon movie. The first night was very hot, and the building did not have an air-conditioning. There was noise all around. Avoid this place.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or0-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",cheap bed in an expensive part of town,"Have had a bed in the 24 bed shared gender room a few times. You will find the place by the group of people standing around on the street smoking. Cleanliness inside seems to depend on staff at the time. Best time for a shower is in the afternoon, after they have been cleaned. Bathrooms mixed gender, small and cleanliness sometimes dubious. There is a room for luggage where you can leave your bag if you arrive early but be warned, others will just dump their bags on top. Kitchen generally clean and breakfast is basic but good. Cereal, toast and fruit. Sitting room way too small for a hostel of this size so don't plan to spend much time there. Kitchen is good as a social space, people generally friendly and there is tea and coffee available. There is a mix of older and younger people at this hostel. Most people in the dorm room are respectful, but there always seems to be a few who think it is okay to come in at 2am, turn on all the lights, talk on the phone or to others in the room. Closeness to Hyde Park, bus and train make up for the shortfalls.…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or5-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Filthy, Overcrowded, Noisy Health Hazard!","If you can avoid this place then I advise you to do so. Easily found by the smell of cannabis even before you turn the corner of the street. No smoking signs inside the building but clearly not followed! The building could do with a good renovation or at least a good clean or fumigated! I was bit a few times whilst there, either bed bugs or fleas, I'm not sure which, but even the luggage bag had to go in for a HOT wash after returning home. There were some Electric sockets hanging off the walls in places, the stair and hall carpet, furniture, hand rails etc. all disgustingly sticky! The bedrooms; packed in with as many bunkbeds as possible, never get a thorough clean as they never become empty, as soon as one bunk becomes empty, within hours someone else occupies it. The only…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or5-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Never go there!!!,"We have been at a terrible stay.  The first thing we meet is a bunch of young boys standing outside and smoking cannabis as we enter the reception and living room, there are a few guys sleeping, probably also affected by cannabis. We get key cards for the room which should be a deluxe bedroom with private bathroom. What we meet is terrible. The room is obviously not used for a long time and it is dirty and disgusting everywhere. In the bed there is hair and dirt. Under the bed a lot of dust, hair and other undefined things. Tables and shelves are filled with the thickest layer of dust and some garbage. The rubbish bin was full. The bathroom is so dirty that I hardly dared to go in there. There were stubble, toothpaste and probably body hair all over especially in the wash basin.…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or5-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",One big family,"Such a chill vibe, everyone gets on with everyone, cooking meals for each other, super friendly. Clean homely feel. Staff are great, friendly and helpful. Beds are comfy, a little noisy getting on bunks but not the end of the world. Breakfast is good and not rushed to check out. On top of Hyde Park, and the high street. Reasonable price especially for the area with breakfast included. Would recommend to anyone to stay here.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or5-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Thanks Morgan!,"The hostel is really nice, near tu metrostop! Clean and the staff really friendly, in special thanks Morgan (From Australia) for your hospitality! Definetly we will come back! Greetings from Spain guys! ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or5-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Apt for solo back packing,Clean place! Centrally located. Cheap. Value for money. Helpful and young staff. Stayed in a 20 bed dorm room but never faced any trouble with the fellow backpackers or the facilities. The only problem is there is no lift so if you are carrying a heavy luggage it's going to be a little troublesome,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or10-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",You can find something better,It's a good location and good price but I did not expect it that way. It's an old building without elevator and i had to carry my suitcase 4 floors. shared bathrooms are too small and used for both genders. Cleaning was not quite good. Rooms have no lockers to store your stuff. the dining room is a small place but you cannot chill or relax there. There's a small dim room with a TV. I didn't find a place to relax and work. Staff were nice  the reception is on the -1 level so you feel like you're buried inside!,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or10-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Disgustingly dirty,"The door didn’t work, the staff was not able to fix it. The toilet was dirty with body hair on it from previous guests, the sink as well. This means of course that it wasn’t cleaned before our arrival. There was still the trash from other guests. Disgusting.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or10-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Get Out!,"Stayed here for 4 nights right after being at a decent hostel in Berlin. The contrast couldn't be bigger. I think a list is the best way to describe it.  1. Bathrooms - quite offensive, actually. Nowhere whatsoever to hang your clothes if you're on the second floor. It's almost impossible to take a shower there. You have to either throw your clothes on the floor (and they'll surely get wet given the tiny space that holds both the showering area and whatever the other 0,5 m^2 is. If you're in the basement (where the entrance and kitchen actually are), you'll find a always flooded bathroom for a reason I fail to understand.  PS: my towel was stolen. PS2: half the showers behave weirdly. Either no hot water will come out or it'll alternate between cold and hot within seconds.  2.…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or10-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Cheap but dirty,"This hostel is in a good location and you can easily jump on a tube within a few minutes. We had a twin room (bunk beds) which was clean enough but the communal showers were filthy and we not cleaned whilst we were there. Think hair plastered to the walls, dirty floors and dirty toilets.  It would also have been nice to have a curtain or something similar in the bedroom, as I'm sure I gave the poor people across the street quite a show whilst getting changed. That said, the big window in our room did allow for a nice breeze on a hot day. Be warned that if you do wish to use the shower (brave souls!) you will need to pay to rent a towel.  The staff were nice enough and the location good. Given a few more bathrooms and cleaning staff this could be a nice hostel for someone looking…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or10-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Clean room, good location","Good location, just off Bayswater Road and close to two Underground lines. The staff were fine but being charged £5 for a towel came as a bit of a surprise, and they only had one. Not that we would have used the towels as the communal showers were filthy: hair plastered on the walls and floors of each cubicle and somebody must have been hoping it was to be their lucky night given the large clumps of ginger... well you can imagine, on the floor of one cubicle. This was left overnight and was still there in the morning. Gross. The upstairs toilet did have a locking door, it was a folding one which after someone outside discovered it was locked, they still felt the need to peep through the gap to check I was indeed curling one out and it wasn't the toilet demon being crafty. Ok for…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or15-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not bad for the money ,"Twin room we booked had an issue so changed to 4 person room with en suite just for the two of us, no curtains wasnt ideal, great location tube station and high street 5 minutes away, staff very friendly and helpful, only stayed one night so for £53 can't really complain ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or15-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Wonderful staff, horrible stay","My room was super small, I booked a twin private room, located on the 3rd floor which was only accessible through stairs. The bed sheets were clean but the bed was wonky and made noises all the time when I moved. The shower 'experience' was also terrible - At 6 in the morning one shower didnt work (concept of 'shared showers') and the two others were occupied, I had to wait for 20 minutes and after that the shower was neither clean nor working really good. The floor was really dirty as well and the toilets were not cleaned properly. The breakfast was ok, but only open from 8 on, so nothing for earlybirds who have to leave. I didnt have blinds or window shutters so I was awake at 5 in the morning in my room. The only good thing about this hotel was the super friendly and helpful…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or15-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Reality vs. official pictures,"Great location, but bathrooms were not in a good condition, wet floors, broken door from the bathroom, shower was not working, etc.. Rooms were fine, but beds were creaking, so when I moved on the bed, I woke up the whole room full of people.  Otherwise I think it's OK if you stay just for few days, like I said it's situated in a great location, I felt safe there. Neighborhood is full of shops and restaurants, close to metro and bus stops. Staff of the hostel was also really nice and helpful, we could leave our luggage in hostel even after the check-out.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or15-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","very good, recommended","All very well. Clean, friendly and an environment of educated youth. I felt very safe. leave mobile in room without any problem. as a hostel very well and super recommended. just say that they correct that in room 120 in the street window there is no wifi, correct this, but it is nothing. regards",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or15-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Hostel ok,"The hostel has a good location, close to many shops and restaurants and near Hyde park. The bedroom is ok, not so clean, but it’s fine to spend 2 or 3 nights. The breakfast for hostel is enough, with some bread and cereals. The price is fine for what they offer.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or20-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Bc,"The hostel is in very nice place.To the centrum you can go by walk.Everything what do you need is on the street next (Queensway).The beds are sinking,but ok. The reception is 24 hours.So I did not have problem and if I will come again to Londyn, I will stay on the same place.Thank you",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or20-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Cheap accommodation, but you still don't get what you pay for. Way better alternatives at same price. ","Good points  -24 hour reception  Bad points:  - luggage room seems very insecure. It's not locked and is on the entry side of reception, out of sight of reception staff. I'm not sure if staff have any way of seeing the room (e.g.:'camera) but it seems entirely possible that anyone could just walk in, take something and leave again. Also no light in there.  -all bathrooms I used were completely soaked, stank and had wet toilet paper etc on the floors.  -towels cost £5 (£3 refunded) if you need one so keep in mind  -beds and pillows not very comfortable.  -No storage lockers in rooms  -No power points readily accessible to people in top dorm bunks.  -things just in a general state of being unclean  As a qualifier, I rarely review places poorly, but this was really a bad hostel. I…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or20-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",It's like living in a dumpster,"The pictures on booking.com is very misleading! The room was dark and dirty and it's nothing like the pictures. You can't even charge your phone in the room. I strongly recommend you NOT to book this hostel! I had to sleep on a mattress full of dirty and craps. If I werent staying for a few hours, I would have gone to a different hostel. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or20-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Don’t go!!,"It was in a good location, closet to Hyde Park and 2 subway stations, but it doesn’t worth!! The bathroom are disgusting and most of the time it Just doesn’t work! They have 4 public bathrooms... one of them had no lights, other one had no shower, other had no place to put your clothes and the last one always had a big line... and all of them super unclean ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or20-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Does the job!,"Close to Central, district and circle lines which is HUGE especially if you don't have very long in London. Two tube stations on the street parallel is amazing. The mattresses are uncomfortable and there aren't enough wall plugs. The bathrooms are absolutely horrific as well. Interestingly my stay overall was still really nice. There was a window so there was always a nice breeze. Great people staying there and wonderful staff who were so willing to help with everything I needed. Washing facilities were great! Free breakfast too although I never actually tried it! I was in London for two weeks and had five nights here. As I said, does the job? ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or25-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great staff,"My friend and I enjoyed our stay for two weeks, it's a cheap hostel in central London (wich isn't easy to find). Great location, the staff was beyond than kind, really helpful every time we needed them. It's a classic and big building (an old one with some facilities issues but nothing that we couldn't solve). We aren't picky or highly demanding at all, so if you want a bed to sleep in a shared room, have a toast with Nutella and coffee in the morning, meet people, and have fun (5 minutes from the Hyde park, 10 minutes walk to Paddington station, and nearby Notting Hill) you'll like this British hostel by a nice neighborhood. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or25-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Average Hostel; Just for Night Stay..,"Pros:  buffet system of breakfast and the staff were also nice if ignoring that check in issue.  Cons:  Starting from the check-in, i have confirmed my early chek-in through booking.com, but they didn't allow me for early check in the room. But yes, they kept my luggage and allowed me to use public washroom. They allot me a room which was on 4th floor, and u have to carry ur luggage yourself on that STEEP stairs. Now, enter in the room, The rooms are so small that you cant even open your suitcase properly, if u have large one. There are only two socket of power, which are used to by 4 persons. Now, what, r u searching for the bathroom to take shower, let me tell you there is no bathroom on that floor. You have to walk down to 3rd or 2nd floor (this floor's bathroom is bigger…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or25-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",So bad,"Knowing it's a tourist trap, we still went to save money. Waking up with a headache because of lack of air is too much.  It's ok to put a lot of people in little space, but this kind of lodging people should be forbidden. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or25-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Rubbish,We booked an executive room. No toilet roll. No towels. No where to put your clothes. No glass for a drink. The smallest toilet space if you are large you would never get in. TV in room don't even work and outside noisy. The only plus was it was clean and the bed was clean. Pillows were crap. Very disappointed. Avoid at all costs.! ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or25-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Canceled my reservation and was still charged,I have emailed the hostel twice regarding canceling my reservation a week prior to my intended stay and was still charged. No one has contacted me regarding me emails or how they can be of assistance. I would not reserve a stay at this hostel unless you are walking through the door.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or30-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",2 night stay,Me and my friend booked two beds in a room for 6 people. When we got to the hotel we had to Wait 15 mins for the reception to open. Then we got told our beds weren't in the same room which was then fixed. We were in the 4th floor which was a lot of stairs to climb. No lift available. All the staff was very very nice which I loved about it! The bed sheets in the room weren't changed but it wasn't an actual problem with it. Our private shower only had hot water so we were using the second/third floor one was very nice. No towels provided be aware. Breakfast is served from 8am to 10am. Very limited choices. Toast cereal tea hot chocolate and coffee. Oh and milk of course. Kitchen then it's left open until midnight which you can use to make food or just chill out. Overall I loved my…,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or30-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location,"Cleanliness was the main issue, wasnt exacty dirty but the bathrooms could be cleaned more regularly, duvets could be washed but the linen to put on was fine. The location is brilliant. Right next to Kensington gardens, five min walk to Hyde park and 10 to notting hill. Right around the corner to Queens way and bay water underground. Staff friendly. Standard break fast- does the job",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or30-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",AWFUL ,"- First of all it is kind of hard to find this hostel. No personal locker in the room, you could leave your luggage in luggage storage, but everyone could easily get into it as it wasnt locked at all times and doors to luggage storage is next to exit, so basically stranger from the street could come in and grab any bag. First time when I opened luggage storage doors handle remained in my hand. Matress were so old that you could literally feel every single spring not even mention how squeaky were beds and bunk beds were too close together.   24 people in room and only one small window opened as it was hot outside opened window didn't help at all, no air, no fans.  No curtains on beds so forget about privacy .  Breakfast could be better, every morning cereals and tost with jam or…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or30-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",only just there,"reception staff could be more helpful and polite good location for public transport in Zone 1 for tube breakfast is just very basic cereals cold milk, bread and the jam bottles seem run out fast no fresh fruit as on display pic, self-serve kitchen has microwave oven tea coffee facility bright and clean but saw mice in the night!  Wash rooms struggle to cater to the guest numbers. Toilet paper holders and soap dispensers found empty with no spare roll or refill handy, on some floors cubicles water logged  and shower heads missing, perhaps needs more frequency of attendance by staff.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or30-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not worth staying here ! Find somewhere else !!!,"The overall hostel was very old and difficult to manage our bags up the stairs to our rooms. Staff could have been more informative about procedure of checking out and timing of breakfast. The cleanliness of the place was very very poor. I felt the pictures on booking.com misrepresented the hostel and rooms inside. The bunk beds were very close together and almost felt claustrophobic. The bathroom was tiny and there were no hooks to place clothes and towel on. Power of the shower was inadequate.  The mattress was very uncomfortable and did not sleep at all that night. My bed sheets had little bits of blood and stain marks. Overall, I was very disappointed with this hostel and will not stay there every again. Usually I book with Travelodge or Premier Inn, however due to…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or35-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Excellent location; property could use some TLC,"I am not sure if this was booking.com or the hostel but the room I got was definitely not the room that I had chosen based off of the photos on the site. The ""double deluxe"" on booking.com featured a queen size bed and full ensuite. The room I got was a ""private"" with just a washroom and a bunk bed, that had to have been the most uncomfortable mattress and pillow I had ever slept on in my entire life.  The toilet I had access to was a floor below; no issue, except it stopped working the second to last day I was there and I had to use the bathrooms the floor below that - absolutely disgusting, with caked on vomit in the sink and looked overall unclean. Staff seemed to be too busy looking at videos on the internet/watching tv than actually helping guests; there were a few that…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or35-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Not perfect but cheap,"Pros: Good location, next to two tube stations. Very close to shops, restaurants and within walking distance to Oxford Street. Next to Hyde Park (ideal place to relax). Cons: Wifi was hardly working - either very slow or disconnecting. Bathrooms not really clean. I was told not to use the one next to room as water is leaking. In the other one water's temperature was constantly changing from hot to cold. Lack of individual lamps next to bed.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or35-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",A Small & Smart Hostel/London Mitte,"Whether you're coming to London from anywhere in the U.K or from Europe or other parts of the World :- You'll have a pleasant time staying at Gallery Hostel,near Hydepark in London.You are right in the centre of London. The hostel is medium size and have comfortable beds. You can book in a shared mix dormitory room with 4,6 or 8 beds. There is a common room,with TV,and free WiFi. A large common room at the back where you can have a Free breakfast(Frei Frushtuck,& petit-dejeuner).A big Kitchen where you can have some Tea,Coffee and prepare you're own snack or cooked meal from the Microwave or Cooker. Laundry facilities for cleaning your clothes. The hostel could be much improved with some additional Bathrooms & Toilets. A slighly bigger Reception area. Otherwise it's quite decent…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or35-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",London City ,"Stayed for 3 nights in a mixed quad dorm. The rate was very reasonable and the location excellent. The bathroom was very small, with broken floor tiles, and the floor in the bedroom was grubby. The complimentary breakfast was very basic in comparison to other hostels. The staff I met were informative and welcoming on check in. ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or35-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Nice value for money in a good location,"The overall experience was really good. The shared room/bathroom was clean and comfortable.  The breakfast was simple but really good, although the kitchen area can be a little annoying since it's always crowded and has loud music from early morning - which I personally think doesn't match the vibe. The staff was not the nicest  and it seemed like they were the ones occupying the living room all the time (which is already small), but they get the job done. They offer free lockers in the common area, which was really helpful and made us feel safer when leaving the hostel.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or40-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Staff was rude. Music in the kitchen was so loud  that I couldn't even speak like in a club. Morever they were shouting till late. I asked the staff to put the volume a bit down and they ignored me. It's funny because one of the rules written in the kitchen wall says ""be mindful of noise"" ",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or40-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Really Good for a cheap get away in London,"I only rented a bed for 2 nights, as I was travelling solo. This hostel its in a very good area (just across from Hyde Park). Loads of shops in the area. There are 2 underground stations with 3 different lines (Central, Circle & District).  There is only one think that I did not liked; there aren't enough showers / toilets. Every morning you had to wait in line to use the bathroom.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or40-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Good staff,"The staff is really nice and lovely, I was there during my birthday and I recieved a card from them. The breakfast is good for a hostel standard, the location is also ok not so central but close from subway and bus stop.  Not so expensive and its a good option for those who are looking for cheap options in London!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or40-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",A bit far out of London city centre,"A beautiful old building converted into a hostel, what more could you want? The staff are super friendly and laid back, and some are happy to chat over breakfast which was a nice change from most hostels. There was definitely more of a family feel here.  We stayed in a 4 person room and it was pretty cosy, with not much space for bags and no lockers for private goods. There was also no elevator, and the wifi only worked on the first couple of floors (so lots of walking up and down the stairs!!!).   The shower smelled a bit like mould when it would heat up, but other than that the bathrooms were relatively clean. I liked having both private ensuite multiple share bathrooms. This definitely helped out when it came to everyone wanting a shower at once.   This hostel is within…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or40-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Budget option for short stay,"Stayed there for a day. Hygiene was not at it's best (both room and toilet). Location is convenient, close to the tube. The staff is very polite and helpful, which somehow makes up for the average cleanliness in the hostel. If there's no other option for a budget stay, Gallery Hyde Park is ok.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or45-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Pretty on the outside.,"This hostel was in a beautiful neighbourhood, in a gorgeous old townhouse style building. The inside however is quite run down and dirty. Had a room at the very top of all sets of stairs (maybe 6 flights) which was fine because it was private and we only had a back pack each.  Very close to 2 underground stations and Hyde Park. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or45-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Location!,"Great location.  Very nice neighborhood, 2 metro stations easy walks, restaraunts, grocery stores, everything b very conveniently located.  Bed was soft, pillow wasn't great but I enjoyed my nights rest.  Room and bathroom were clean.  Private bathroom for each room is very nice, except when you all want to shower at same time.  Breakfast was average at best, only saw 2 cereal options and toast.  Reception very friendly, free luggage storage and wifi.  I would have liked to see privacy drapes for lower bunks perhaps",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or45-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Gallery Hyde Park Hostel,"This place is amazing, great location near the underground. The guys from the staff are really cool and fun! They gave us good advices everytime we asked them about different places to visit. The atmosphere is great! Breakfast is included and you can use the kitchen to cook your own food! Whats more, all the rooms and bathrooms are always clean. Super recommended! ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or45-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location!!,"+great location, very close to the subway(both queensway and bayswater). Staff tried to help with everything we asked. Quite quiet considering we were 24 people staying in our dorm. Dorms felt clean. Beautiful stairs!! -maybe in need for some more bathrooms, and Sunday night/Monday morning it was clear that the bathrooms was in need of cleaning.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or45-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Gorgeous hostel, great location in London and so affordable!","I visited Gallery hostel in October.  The building had an amazing period charm with brilliant chandeliers and detailing.  The room and facilities were very clean and comfortable and the kitchen was spacious and well equipped.  The best part by far was the amazing location, it was so simple getting around London and so close to all of the major attractions. The buses run from the top of the street and the tube station is just around the corner, and an easy walk to restaurants, supermarkets and pubs. The staff were also brilliant and really went out of their way to make us feel at home.  The receptionist, Alex, was fantastic and very helpful (nothing was too much trouble) and the manager Agnes was lovely as well.  I will stay at Gallery on my next trip to London and will highly…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or50-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Good location and friendly staff,"The location of hostel is perfect (near Hyde Park and Queensway tube station) you can walk everywhere around central London including Westminster and Knightsbridge. Then, the staff was helpful, rooms were clean, simple breakfast was ok. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or50-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Quick visit - great hostel in a perfect location!,"Visited the hostel in early March for the second time and found the staff to be super helpful, welcoming and friendly.  It is a beautiful old building with lots of character and quite nicely updated. Spent some time in the kitchen preparing a crock pot meal and found plenty of things I needed.  Staff really go the extra mile to interact with guests and visitors.  Awesome crew in March 2016!  The location is fantastic!  The hostel itself is on a lovely, fairly quiet residential street (Inverness Terrace) lined with similar, historic buildings and some nicer hotels.  The street over (Queensway) is a bustling, people-friendly area of many restaurants, shops, banks, grocery stores, a casino and a nice shopping mall (Whiteleys).  Peaceful Hyde Park (with it's free roaming green…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or50-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great stay! ,"Clean and comfortable. Staff are great and friendly. I loved the location and the building was a gorgeous renovation with chandeliers and sweeping stair cases- real English place to stay I enjoyed it ! Breakfast was the average hostel brekky with cereal and toast. The hostel was right next to the tube, the park and a street of shops and restaurants. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or50-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Perfect place near hyde park!,"It´s a nice and cheap place to stay. The best thing is, that the beautiful hyde park is just next to the hotel. Very friendly staff, nice rooms and a tasty breakfast. Absolutely recommend this hostel!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or50-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Decent,"I stayed in a 24 bed dorm room.   Pros: - There is enough room to move around, not too cramped - The free breakfast in the morning is basic but still a very nice bonus - Enough sockets in the room - Hot showers - Staff are nice   Cons:  - Mattress was horrendous, after 3 nights my body was in a lot of pain - Wifi is pretty bad, I doubt it would be good enough for skype or facetime. I was using mobile data most of the time.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or55-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location in the city centre for a great price!,"The place really offers all that is expected from a good hostel. Simple but clean rooms, a nice breakfast and good cooking facilities for those who want so save money on food. Also, the staff was really friendly and helpful. Would definitely go there again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or55-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",The worst hostel is here.My room flooded.,"The worst hostel is here. I arrived there in the 24th of Dec 2015. My first night, My room flooded.  My bags and inside bags (my all stuffs) wet. Things made of paper(books etc...) became rubbish because wet!  Staff washed my bags but I lost my things which made of paper.  And I lost my time because I wiped all my stuffs at midnight.  Extremely felt stressed.  They had known that room flooded before but I stayed because I didn't know that.   No refund even thought I lost my things which made of paper. My things are books and Japanese product which I brought important things from Japan. So I can't buy it in the UK. And my friend gave me one of book before I came to the UK.  But flooded.   Why do I have to pay ??  and I lost my things.  How possible to guess the room flood ?  If I…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or55-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location and price.,Stayed for 6 days in October.  Safe area close to transportion. The beds great. Washrooms not cleanned daily and not enough showers for amount of guests. Staff were not bad.  Would stay again.  Very populated and lively area.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or55-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Very horrible experience!,"This was the dirtiest and  the most uncomfortable hostel we have ever stayed in!  Only 5 bathrooms for all hostel are not enough. This can be a reason of all the mold all over and the terrible smell, also the drains were always stucked with a hair and slime. Carpets all over the hostel were incredibly dirty and also the dust was cleaned probably last time when the hostel opened. Beds are very old and creaky, also matresses were very uncomortable, my hands got stuck in a spring several times a night.  The top of all these was a prevert room mate [--] from Egypt who was harassing my friend which was not for her and everybody else who was trying to sleep. But I'm not gonna be only negative. The breakfast was tasty, location great and staff very friendly and helpfull.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or55-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Gallery ,"Friendly atmosphere , nice staff. Rooms are large enough, but the beds were old and creaky. Everytime you rolled over they were squeek so loud it woke everyone up. Free breakfast. Good wifi. Nice area though and close to park and bus station",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or60-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great value for the middle of London!,"Myself and three friends stayed at Gallery Hyde Park for one night. The four of us managed to get a room entirely to ourselves with our own bathroom, which was ideal. The staff here are lovely and very friendly - the reception is open 24/7 - and our room was fine. Considering all we needed was a bed to sleep in it was ideal for us, though we did notice our shower was a little dirty.   We also found it slightly worrying that after coming back from the theatre, a man who we'd seen drinking outside followed us into the hostel and tried to follow us into our room. Thankfully the room was impossible to open from outside without a key and I don't think he meant any real harm - he was with friends, and I imagine he'd been dared to act like an idiot - even so it made one of my friends…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or60-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Fine hostel in a good location,"Right next to Hyde Park, the hostel is probably better than your average London accommodation. Staff at reception was very welcoming and helpful, although on the night I stayed they were not accepting card payments. Rooms are clean and beds comfortable, despite it being a 24 bed room I cannot complain about noise levels. Be aware that there are not too many power sockets, especially if you happen to be on the top bunk, and that rooms are not fit with lockers. (At least, the one I was in wasn't.) Bathrooms are actual bathrooms as opposed to cubicles with good shower water pressure and temperature. Free Wi-Fi throughout the hostel at a decent speed and free breakfast. (Coffee/Tea, Biscuits, Cereal, Toast, etc.) Good hostel to access London's attractions and relatively close to…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or60-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great Experience,"I stayed in a 3 beds Private Room for 6 nights. In the room there was a shower and a sink. The toilets were shared with other guests.   Likes: the bedroom and bathroons were very clean; the staff was really kind; the location is excelent (1 minute walk to two great underground stations); the breakfast was nice; all the guests in general were very respectful; the beds are comfortable; the showers have hot water all day.   Dislikes: our bedroom was on the top floor and there was no elevator, so it was really exhausting having to use stairs every time to go to the bedroom (consider that if you have too many luggages - ask for another room). The 3 bed private room was small. If you just have a backpack, there's no problem. But if you are coming with big luggages, it's going to be…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or60-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location which makes up for everything else.,"Travelled by myself and shared a room with 5 other people. We were all travelling by ourselves and people came and went so it was good for socialising. Breakfast is free and available 8-10. It was fairly alright, nothing special. Just bread, cereal and coffee. The kitchen is good and cleaned and you can properly make a proper meal although there is also a microwave if you want something quick. Internet is so-so. It breaks every now and again but you'll survive. Not very good phone signal either. The bathroom we had stank although they cleaned it everyday. Our toilet is broken the whole time I was there and they never fixed it. You have to do your bedding yourself. However, when I first arrived, they didn't take out the bedding of the previous person so I had to do it myself.…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or60-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Average or slightly below average hostel in a good location,"This hostel is in a very good location, which almost justifies it's expensive price. I stayed in a private room here, and I found it OK. If I did not stay in a private room, I would not have been happy. The rest of the hostel is a bit dirty and there are not that many common areas so I did not get to meet that many people. There also aren't very many activities, no pub crawls etc organized.   In the private room (which was expensive in my opinion), the hot water was very sketchy. They would have to ""reset"" it often and then it was also often be just ""not cold"" water running.   WARNING. The ""3 bed private room"" is just a double lower bunk + a single upper bunk. How this is advertised as a ""3 bed private room"" I have 0 idea. Very poor advertising in my own opinion.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or65-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London","Budget hostel. Not bad, but could be better.","The hostel was located very strategically between Queensway and Bayswater station. The toilet and rooms were quite clean with sufficient hangers in the toilet. In terms of the room itself though, we felt that the floors creaked too much from people's footsteps above. The beds also squeaked a lot every time someone turned their body. We also had to climb up many flights of stairs to reach our room which was quite tiring so please request for the lower floors if need be. Breakfast was good with a variety of cereals and toasts for us to choose from. Lastly, the staffs were all very kind and helped out where needed.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or65-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great staff but unfortunate circumstance,"I booked 3 for a room of 8 but we ended up split up. Normally that wouldn't be a big deal but I was paying twice as much for this place as I had for another hostel where we were in a room of 15 and assigned adjacent beds. Instead I was on the top floor and they were on the bottom... not the best. I was told the next night I could probably move into their room and the next day I went to do that but they couldn't do it until the first checked out. I figured they didn't need me there so I went about my day, seeing that it was my birthday and I was in London, I wasn't planning on hanging around the hostel just to change rooms. Well they didn't do it so I was still stuck on the top floor. The staff was really nice but I am still upset this happened. I blame this more on the booking…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or65-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Dirty and Noisy!!,"Room without any comfort : no coat rack, no closet, no armoire, not even a coat-hanger. The bathroom smelled bad, the toilet bowl was dirty ; shower without door, no bath mat, clogged sink. A party has held on the kitchen late into night, just below our room. Loud music was played and people was very noisy, despite our requests. A place to be avoided.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or65-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Good hostel!,"Finding good hostels in London can be difficult so I would recommend this hostel to anyone looking for a good place to stay. I will be staying here again in the future. Clean rooms and bathrooms, friendly staff, good amenities (breakfast, wifi, bedding was all great). The location is obviously the best part about this place as not many people plan to spend much time in their hostels. It's close to Paddington station which the Heathrow express is based out of as well as 3 major tube lines that give you quick access to central London so you won't have to waste too much time travelling back and forth! ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or65-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",GREAT !,"My friends and I stayed at the hostel in february, and we loved it! The environment is super friendly, the workers are super easy going, chill, and friendly, and we met a lot of other travellers! We liked it so much we came back for another night! I totally recomend you and your friends to stay there, you'll have a blast!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or70-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Good hostel in great location ,"I stayed here for 7 nights, I've never stayed in another hostel to compare it to but it was a nice place to stay, I stayed in room 113 and although there was several flights of stairs to get to it, the room was a nice 4 person room with ensuite shower and toilet and a bonus for me was that although the wifi was a little slow it was a pretty constant good signal, the staff are very friendly and helpful, I would definitely recommend it as a cheap way to stay in London for a week! :D",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or70-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Its a hostel,"Its my first time staying at a hostel and I think its not too bad.  Good things are that the staffs are really friendly, especially the moustache guy. They serve free breakfast starting from 8am. Location is lovely. Nearby Queensway and Bayswater Stations. 3 minutes walk to enter Kensington Gardens. A lot of Halal food nearby, about 5 minutes walk. 4 minutes walk to the nearest Big Bus Tours Hop On Station. They have luggage room which is very helpful for tourists and free safe. Receptionist is there all the time. They provide comforter and bedsheet.  However, they could improve on their wifi which my roommate and I could not access.   A little bit packed. The stairs are quite small so travel light so it would be easier. You have to pay for towel.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or70-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great Staff & Location... but not much else!,"Let's start with the positives - the staff were friendly, helpful and energetic, this is definitely a hostel targeted at young backpackers. There's an option to store small valuables at the reception which was great and the location, right next to Hyde Park, was very convenient.  Unfortunately there were a lot of negatives too - the rooms were tiny and with everyone's luggage lying around there was hardly any room to move, the beds were so old and the frames squeaked like crazy every time someone moved. The bathroom was covered in mould and the toilet seat wasn't screwed on, so when I sat down, the seat went flying across the room. Finally, when I arrived at 1am I decided to use the kitchen downstairs to get my pyjamas out so that I didn't wake up my roommates and was absolutely…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or70-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Typical hostel,"This hostel is pretty much what you expect out of a hostel. It was clean enough, quiet enough, and the rooms were the right size for 6 beds. Each 6 bed dorm had its own bathroom/shower and there were additional public showers and toilets outside the rooms. The bathroom in my dorm was cleaned daily which was nice. The kitchen has all the basics, but you can only use it during specified hours. Not a good choice if you have difficulty walking up and down stairs, there are a ton and no lift. ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or70-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",One night stay,"I stayed at this hostel for just one night but I'm really happy with the service provided. I stayed in a 6 beds room and it was ok. It was really clean and the sheets were so white that I could hardly believe they have been used before. I've stayed in many hostels before, but unfortunately not all of them were this clean. Staff was really nice and friendly, they provide 24 h check-in, free wifi and sheets. Pay attention to those details, since many hostels in London might be cheaper but you have to pay for both sheets and wifi. They do have optional lockers, in case you need them. The kitchen is ok, as well as the breakfast, which is included as well. The surrounding area was quite nice, lots of small restaurants and shops. Just a few metro stops away from the city center.…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or75-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",''Rat hole'' but enough for avoiding high prices,"Pros: -3-4minute walk to west kensington station (district line), 10 min walk to Baron's court station (picadilly line, which is great for heathrow transfers)           -cleaned everyday, generally modern and neewly designed (better than old style british rooms)           -friendly reception           -very comfortable bed            Cons: -very very small room (at least mine). but its good bed and shower room is in normal sizes           -little bit noisy (but its ok if you are tired at evening and want to sleep)           -wifi was little bit far from my room i think so i had to stay at the same point to get the signal   i recommend this place if you are travelin alone and if you like to be at the center of london and reach the museums area (as i mentioned above it takes 3-4…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or75-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Changed my perception of hostels!,As my expenses budget didn't stretch as far as a London city centre hotel I opted to have a look into hostels. I haven't stayed in one since a school trip and was apprehensive about the reviews for most.   I booked one of the private en suite rooms and was given 108. This is a very light airy space with a double bed and shower bathroom.   It was very clean.   The location was also fantastic. I was working on Oxford Street and was able to get the tube from Queensway (in the street behind the hostel) on a morning then walk back through the parks (Hyde and Kensington) on an evening.   It was very safe. You need to ring a bell outside and have staff buzz you in if they know you're staying there or need to check in.   The staff were very friendly and approachable!   I had to check…,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or75-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Great location bit basic,"I only stayed one night and the location of this place is awesome, directly opposite Hyde Park. Visit near Queensway station and the central line on the tube. Good restaurant strip one Street over sage and clean to walk to.  The 10 bed dorm I was in was clean and spacious and had a good feel to it. Simple bunks with no lockers but available free in reception for valuables (byo lock). Bedroom door often didn't close well so security want ideal. The room was a front room onto the street near reception. Sadly with no curtains it was bright and noisy from the busy foot traffic. People sitting on the front step smoking were b noisy and smoke drifted in the open dorm windows which had to be open for air flow. Sounds bad but it was a good night really. Bathroom was not amazingly clean,…",None,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or75-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",BAD,"This place looks more like a creche (a lot of teenagers making a lot of noise). You pay just for bed and that's it. Shower dirty and the drain was clogged. For bfast you get only tea, coffee and toast with gem and nutella and is served only for 2 hours from 8 to 10 which is bad if your plan is to go early in the morning to visit the city",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or75-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Night sweats,"My #1 complaint is that there was absolutely no cooling in the room. I was in the female 6 bedroom and it was BLAZING hot, 4 of us did not even sleep. One in the group asked about it and there were no fans available. The bathroom/shower was not cleaned properly and the facilities still need some work - 1 toilet out of order and our door wasn't closing properly while I was there. Breakfast needs improvement. On the bright side - this is a good location, the staff was friendly and the other people staying at the hostel were pretty laid back.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or80-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Relaxed place,"Finally a hostel that is not too obsessed with being cool and offer all kinds of exiting activities!   We actually had the downstairs room with kitchen view that someone else mentioned. Granted, it was not a great view, but with a hostel I don't expect that. I liked the room as it was quiet and peaceful. A great place to rest and sleep.  The staff are super nice and helpful. They have power converters and safety lockers.  The location is also superb. Right next to hyde park and tube station for the central line.   I'm definetly staying there again.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or80-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",Never again,"We stayed here in a double room. I didn't expect much as its a hostel but it was awful! In the basement with a window looking straight into the kitchen (anyone in the kitchen could see into the room and bathroom) the bathroom door couldn't be closed because of a broken handle, the carpet needed hoovering, the bed felt like it was made of stone with hard nasty pillows. Other guests came to the kitchen in the early hours of the morning being really loud, and the drains from an upstairs bathroom ran outside the window so it was noisy and smelly. The location was really good but nothing on earth would make me stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d3947909-Reviews-or80-Gallery_Hyde_Park-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Gallery Hyde Park Hostel Reviews, London",So much potential but shouldn't be open yet (March 2013),"Short version:  The 23 Hostel is undergoing refurbishment and is still unfinished - rooms shouldn't be sold to travellers until the rooms / facilities / doors etc are in working and usable condition.  Rooms are not secure, breakfast needs work and hostel is not cleaned regularly.  Long version:  Good points: The hostel is in a great location, close to 2 Tube stops on the north side of Hyde Park and on a quiet street parallel to a high street with restaurants, supermarkets and shops.  The hostel itself is going to be quite nice once it is finished, rooms above ground have high ceilings and the mattresses we had were brand new.  Bad points: *The hostel has a lot of potential but our stay started off very badly and only slightly improved.  Our 4 bed dorm and the hostel in general…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
