,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or0-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS DUMP,"Where do I start with this hell hole?  We had the unfortunate displeasure of using the Cromwell for a 1 night stay. Quite fortunate that we only booked for 1 night, another night in this dump would have been enough for me to hang myself from a 3rd floor pigeon poo encrusted window.  The hotel stinks, and its a range of smells, sure to tickle even the most numbest of taste buds. The reception smells of damp and mould, the hallways stink of cigarettes and our room stunk of fish.   The room, 309, was diabolical. Full of dirt and dust, dirty windows, dirty mirror, dirty shower. And what stay is complete without the added luxury of someone else's pubic hair in the shower and on the bedsheets. The WiFi isn't working at all, so at least we could play Name That Stain, as the carpet was full of a wide range of different coloured stains. And they don't have any mugs apparently, so the coffee and tea provided wasn't used, unless we decided to drink it out of the dirty sink. And they breached fire safety rules, with missing fire extinguishers and extinguishers hanging off of walls.  And the reception staff are ready to make you feel as welcome as possible, by saying as little as possible to you and generally ignoring you. Maybe it was due to the fact they spoke nor understood any English.  Overall, I would rather stay at the local refuse dump next time rather than stay at this dumpster fire of a hotel. If I could give no stars then I would.…",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or0-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Still waiting on a refund,"I have been chasing a refund since April 2020, I have sent endless email's, and made countless calls, first few times I called I was advised the hotel was closed  and the refund will be processed once they re open, which I completely understood, this hotel is back open and I have chased and chased, and now the phone number is ringing out. Can somebody from the hotel contact me urgently to get this resolved",Date of stay: June 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or0-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed my stay.,Thank you Cromwell International Hotel. Room was comfortable and reception staff were good. They resolved my request immediately without delay. Thank you and I hope to come back soon. I booked lowest price room and it was strictly no smoking.,Date of stay: January 2021,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or0-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"The FOH staff were welcoming and polite. The room was spacious and clean, walking distance to local shops and transport, all in all a very nice place and will be going back!! And would definitely recommend",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or0-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Plumbing Issue with 2 Rooms ,I stayed with this hotel in December for 3 days and was quite happy with it.  Everything went well until say 2 when I returned back to my room B3 to find the toilet had overflowed into my room and the floor was covered in toilet water! The hotel moved me to room 303 on the 3rd floor and that night at 3:30am I went to the bathroom to find water pooring into the room from a trap in the bathroom floor! Again the room quickly filled with water! This time the reception didn't move me as I was due to check out that day and left me without a room at 4am! I work for the Cromwell Hospital and work all sort of shifts supporting the pandemic and to be left without a room was devesating! I spoke to a nice Indian lady during the day on reception who said I could stay the following night for free and when I returned to the hotel in evening to check in there was no record of my conversation and the Indian evening manager was not interested in my problem and seemed more interested in sexting some girl on his phone and said he spoke to the Indian receptionist and she said she didn't promise to give me free night and if I wanted a refund I would need to write a complaint to the hotel accounts department. I left the hotel at that point and dont intend to go back to a hotel that does not give a damn about its guests! …,Date of stay: December 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or5-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",NOT A GOOD SERVICE,"Hi,  I book the hotel last December and due this year that we have the pandemic of the covid-19 we had to cancel our trip. In may there was a lockdown so we couldn't travel. I sent an email to the hotel if we can have refund of the money. They reply to us and told us that we can have the refund after 4 months and i told her its ok.    The 4 months pass I'm calling almost every week and no one answer the hotel and it getting upset that we couldn't take our money back. So if you are planning to use this hotel and maybe you will cancel BE CARFUL because im still waiting to get my money back",Date of stay: July 2020,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or5-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DIRTY AND DAMP,Iv never experienced anything like this. Entering the building was the complete opposite of the photo showing on booking.com.the rooms were damp and dirty the mattress was heavily stained with a lightweight bed sheet.the bathroom was covered in black mould   opening the curtains our view was of a dead bird. We left after 20 minutes we had to find and pay for another hotel a horrible start to our short break. We left and asked for our refund. Booking.com nor the hotel ever refunded me.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or5-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Moved booking from another hotel or Booking.com without let me know,"This is my official complain about your service, also about Earls Court Garden Hotel and Cromwell international hotel in London.  How is possible that Booking. com moved my reservation to a different hotel than the one I booked, without my knowledge. In the hotel where we were to stay, the light in the bathroom was broken, and the shower head under which it was impossible to take shower, water flowed all over the bathroom. Annoying staff on Reception, they refused to give me confirmation and issue a bill for accommodation. I will also place this bad dream of accommodation in London in English and Slovak language on TripAdvisor and Booking.com as a warning. I do not understand how it is possible that when such an unexpected problem occurs, it is not possible to contact…",Date of stay: July 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or5-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting - Couldn't stay the night,"My partner and I arrived at The Cromwell International Hotel at approximately 2250 on the 13th March ahead of what was meant to be a two-night stay and ended up booking into a different hotel an hour later.   I had booked a Superior Double Room and was given what couldn't even qualify as a box room. Not only was this room not what we had booked but it was absolutely filthy. The walls were marked and covered in stains, the sheets and pillows were marked, the shower had hair in it and the curtains had what looked like cigarette burns in them.  After being in the room for around 25 minutes, I went down to ask for a new room. The gentleman on the night shift said he'd find something and come up to our room within 10 minutes, after waiting for a further 20 minutes both my partner and…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or5-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Just a place to stay,"We stayed here in sept 2019 it was ok for us. The rooms are a little tired but our room was clean, quiet and comfortable. So we decided to book again this time for 1 nights. Again we found the room to be clean, tidy and comfortable a little worn but that all adds to the character of the building. Our room was very quiet and had a good night sleep. If you are just looking for a place to sleep this is a great place. But if you want luxury then you will have to pay for it. Cromwell international was good value for money.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or10-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",MOUSE!!!,I struggled to give this hotel 1*.   We were woke around 2am to a scuffle coming from the bin to see a MOUSE run across our room. My 73 year old grandmother was with us. They moved us 5 flights of stairs down to the basement at 2.40am. This room was completely unacceptable due to mould and lighting - there wasn’t even a mirror! When we checked out the next morning (a day early) as we refused to stay another night the staff didn’t even apologise.   Disappointing as this was a Christmas present my sister and I had booked for our mother and grandmother.  See attached photo for our complaints form.  DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or10-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT GIVE IT THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT LIKE US!!!! DISGUSTING!!! COULD NOT PAY ME TO STAY HERE,"We booked through booking.com and foolishly I went by the “pleasant” rating it has. However, afterwards I saw the amount of terrible reviews it has on here I felt put off but thought as we were only staying one night - not getting there until about 10pm it would be tolerable. How wrong was I..   First off the staff at the desk are rude, the lady did not understand basic English and we struggled to communicate. When we were stood waiting for the lift, which did not look or sound at all safe, a member of staff came along and pushed ahead of us with some other guests and told us we would have to wait for it to come back. Rude. Upon going he told us “make sure you close the door properly or the lift will get stuck.” Very reassuring. So we chose to take the stairs, it was an absolute…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or10-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not that cheerful,"Like Lesley C, we had room 301. All the issues she had we had the same except you can get the shower to work by pulling the metal pull out. No handle, just sharp snapped off end but worked. Bed was comfy but for a king size it was two separate mattresses so if tried to cuddle one of you could fall between them as they moved very easily.   Bed was comfy, shower was good and powerful. It’s a rain shower. Opening the door to the room was unusual, needing to shove it with your shoulder.  Location is great,value for money was great. The mixed reviews didn’t put me off and I would consider it again , possibly.   We didn’t have breakfast, we used Garfunkel near the tube station. Better value and choice.   For 4 nights in a Kensington hotel for £260 you can’t really complain.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or10-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and friendly ,"We stayed the one night , the room was clean and nice . But the window didn’t shut 100% so very chilly. The beds had been moved from the original location as the small tv was in a strange spot on the wall as were the electric sockets . But I’d stay again . ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or10-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Think very carefully . . .,"We have just returned from two nights here.  First things to be said are that it was CLEAN.  The bed was very comfy. The old sash windows open.There is an extra heater in the wardrobe, along with tea/coffee making equipment. The staff were very pleasant. The location is excellent, and five minutes from Gloucester Road tube station.  However.  We were in Room 301.  It was an almighty struggle to open or close the door, as the wooden floorboards fouled the door (previous bathroom leak perhaps?).  Within five minutes of our arrival a man came to the door with the same key, looking for his belongings !!  Very reassuring.  Staff at Reception did say the code is changed for new occupants, but all the same . . .  The shower had no handle/control so could NOT be used.  Bath had NO…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or15-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, value for money hotel in ideal location.","Lovely, spacious room with windows that opened. Cleaned daily. Very helpful & friendly staff. Value for money with good location to tourist attractions, shops and restaurants. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or15-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,Only good location but everything is terrible . Central heating is not working in January and no extra blankets the room has bad smell and the toilet is not clean moreover the staff is not friendly. I visited this hotel three times before but I believe this time the management or the staff has been changed. Recommended to look for different hotel.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or15-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty room, nice place","The room was very dirty full of dust, the po carpet  and the curtains also.   We booked for two nights. The first night the temperature was ok but the second we were freezing, for an unknown reason the klima did not work.   The bed was terrible and one of the most uncomfortable I have ever try.  The worst thing was that the lift was out of order, and I have to go the second floor with two baggages about 23 kgr  The staff was friendly.   The best thing of this hotel is the place. Very close to National History Museum, V&A museum and the central London.   If you are out of the room all day and you  want just a sleep, is a bearable choice.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or15-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell international,"We stayed here 2 nights while visiting the horse of year show and winter wonderland.  I booked a while ago then I read previous reviews and was worried .  But really!! What do people expect for the price I paid?? £87 for 2 nights in Kensington!!  The room was clean.  The bed comfortable. The shower hot .  The reception staff friendly and helpful.  What more do you want from a budget priced hotel?  To sum up , there’s nothing wrong with this place and I would happily stay here again and recommend anyone who isn’t a hyacinth bucket to stay here too .",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or15-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst. Hotel. Ever.,"The only nice thing I have to say about this hotel is that I was glad to have left. The check in was terrible as they had mixed up my booking, the room was incredibly small - you wouldn't have been able to swing a cat in there. The walls of the room were filthy, the carpets were not vacuumed. The bed was uncomfortable and their poor excuses for pillows were below yhe standard expected of a hotel. The lift the hotel has must have been  installed nearly 200 years ago, and using it felt like you were easily going to die.  This hotel was definitely not value for money!! Never book here!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or20-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel. Many rats over the wall. ねずみの鳴き声が目覚まし...,"I coordinated to delver a ticket to the hotel and tracking information by UPS mentions ""Arrived at the destination"". When I arrived the hotel and asked to give me the ticket in the front desk but they said ""We couldn't find it should not be arrived"". They lost my concert ticket. Where I stayed in room 208, there should be couple of rats over the wall. I heard that rats were crying many times every morning and nights. I have video that the rats are actually crying, if you want it I can send you. It was really disgusting and worst experience in my hotel experience.  コンサートチケットをホテルに送付するように頼んでトラッキングコード上もホテルに到着となっていたが、ホテルはどこを探しても見つからないと言っていた。見つからないんじゃなくてなくしたのかと。結局コンサートには行けませんでした。金返せと言ってもシカト。  泊まっていた部屋の壁の向こう側からネズミの鳴き声が聞こえてきます。夜はその鳴き声で眠れないし、朝はその鳴き声で起きてしまいます。とにかく気持ち悪いし。 …",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or20-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Really don't bother.  You'd be better off sleeping on the street; which I seriously contemplated.,"I get the impression that the owners have bought the hotel and are just rinsing as much money out of it as the can before it is condemned.  The staff, while not discourteous, were clearly about as happy to be there as I was when I tried sleeping in my room.  Room 204 stinks.  Literally.  The bed is possibly the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in.  The shower door is broken so I couldn't have a shower to try and wash off the stench of the room because I would have soaked the bathroom area.  The LED on the telly was so bright it kept me awake and no obvious method of turning it off.  There was a kettle hidden in the wardrobe but no cups or tea / coffee making facilities.  Seriously this was the worst hotel stay I have ever experienced.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or20-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK HERE !!!,"Very dirty tiny room, stains on carpet and dust everywhere. Bathroom smelled like a sewer. But the worst part is that housekeeping opened my suitcase and broke it. Manager was supposed to be there at check out and wasn’t. Never called me to apologize or responded on my emails that i want a refund on the room to pay for the costs.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or20-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","It’s ok, good base for tourists","The hotel is very basic. It’s clean -ish, we stayed in a double room was fine for space, not spacious but fine for the time we were in it which wasn’t much. No hairdryer in room which for me says everything about standard, it is literally a base. Right beside tube station, shops and restaurants close by in walking distance. It wasn’t expensive and I know you get what you pay for! Staff were friendly and I know there were breakfast options but we didn’t have breakfast so can’t comment. Not unhappy with hotel but wouldn’t  be staying again next visit, not to say I wouldn’t recommend as decent base for a trip to London.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or20-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell international Kensington,"Worst hotel in London Room was freezing , asked for a blanket three times over two days never brought a blanket , told me they have to fix heater downstairs , then they have to come check heater in room , never did either , the front desk flunkies cannot help you with anything ,  what time does saintsbury at corner close , I don’t know . I just went down on our last night here and yelled at the girl for a blanket she said she will be bringing me on in 10 minutes , let’s see  Two of my family members are actually getting sick from staying in this hotel and the cold nights",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or25-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant hotel,"Very surprised, booked through ebookers & got an absolute bargin! Small, but clean, with a decent sized bathroom, awful pillows though! 5 minute walk to underground. Breakfast available if required. Pleasant & polite staff. Would definitely recommend 👍",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or25-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",No complaints from us,"After reading some of the reviews I was about dubious, however I can not complain. The room I was in was big, plenty of room for a family of 4. Plenty of towels toiletries to use. The only ossie we had was with a television, however when it was reported, next day we had a new television in the room. Its brilliantly placed for seeing the city and the price was excellent.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or25-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly,"Went to London for an overbite stay! Booked the night at this hotel. On arrival we had a good reception the staff was very friendly and cheerful, hotel looked clean and welcoming. The room was clean and was very comfortable. The bathroom was clean but was in need of a bit of love and attention! The bath hand rail was missing and a tile on the floor needed a bit of attention BUT as we were only there for the night it didn’t spoil our stay! We probably would use this hotel again as we were made very welcome and the staff were very nice indeed overall the hotel was fine and that was reflected in the price for London! We didn’t expect a palace, so please don’t be put off by photos. ( just think a bit of tlc needed)",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or25-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"This is actually the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff were rude. The rooms filthy with huge cracks in the walls, black mould all through the bathroom, the bathroom floor flooded at every shower, no bathmat or hand towel were provided. The bathroom floor tiles were lose and moved around underfoot. Absolutely dreadful.  The only benefit to this hotel is its location which is central.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or25-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Served its purpose.,"I could write a comprehensive negative review myself, especially after reading all the other comments about The Cromwell. But this is how I saw it and at the end of my 2 day stay I had nothing to complain about. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Gloucester road tube station which worked perfectly to get me around London during my stay. I was met on reception and handed my pass to my room. It worked perfectly everytime. I handed it back at the end.  The lift wasnt working. I got an apology and I found myself on the top floor !! Ive climbed Pen-Y-fan in the Brecon Beacons more times than I can remember so no big deal with climbing the stairs. I slept like a log on both nights so I cant really complain about the bed/matress and sheets. They were clean so no problem. The shower and…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or30-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",In need of some tlc ,"We stayed here for 3 nights the second week in September and found the staff here to be very friendly and welcoming. The rooms were pretty basic but fine if you’re just looking for a base to explore from. Overall the room was fairly clean however the bathroom had seen better days and the silicone was black. One of the shower doors was also broken, meaning we had to squeeze in through the one door that would slide- just as well we are skinny. The shower head had also seen better days and would jet water in every direction but over your head. The second day I had an issue with the shower not draining properly, causing the shower tray to fill. My partner investigated and found goodness knows how many guests worth of hair in the plug, which was a bit gross. Despite this we did enjoy…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or30-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Give this hotel a miss,"A superior twin room. ???Lift out of order so 88 stairs to room 401. Lights in the room not all working. Window glass loose as the frame was rotten. Room telephone not working. Extractor fan in bathroom not working. Shower screen not working so floor floods. No bath mat so floor wet and dangerous. No bath plug so can't have a bath.  I had to buy a bath plug to have a bath. No sink plug so water was wasted. Mould around the edge of the bath. Breakfast poor service, no cutlery, no milk on the table. Breakfast warmed up in a microwave oven. Sausages were dry and hard, toast not toasted. All in all a terrible experience. When the second-day breakfast was cancelled I was denied a refund even though it was cancelled at 6.00pm the night before.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or30-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing hotel as always ,My favourite place to stay in central london. Here you will find kind and helpful staff with clean rooms in very affordable budget. If you will look at price it will always less compare to other hotels in this area.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or30-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but awful hotel,"The only saving grace of this hotel is the central location. The room was pretty awful, with dreadful matress that had broken springs, filthy carpet and tired dirty decor. However, at the price for a central London hotel, would I stsy there again? That's a head scratcher!!",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or30-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel in a fantastic location,"The sink and shower needed some attention but, apart from that, all good. A great hotel in a fantastic, central location. I didn't have any breakfast, so can't comment on that. Reception / lobby area looked good (is that 200 characters yet?)",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or35-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER stay again - Room robbed.,"The worst thing firstly. Our room was robbed of cash, cards and jewellery. Unfortunately we only found out on the way back to the airport. Called Bank and Metropolitan Police immediately which worked out fine. Despite numerous attempts to contact the hotel by telephone I could not get through (and still can't two weeks later). A relation of mine paid a visit to them two days after we left, they apologized *the phone system is broken!!!!) and gave her an email address to contact them. I did and immediately received a reply that management would contact me on 12th Aug - still waiting despite numerous follow up emails. They have my email address and phone number but have never made direct contact. THIS IS A DISGRACE. I know we cannot get anything back but customer relations for…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or35-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Shameful,"The good points of this hotel: the location is perfect and the breakfast is good. The bathroom is ok.  The bad points of this hotel: so many! The rooms on the street are awfully noisy; the windows must be 1 century old to be so thin ! The walls need a VERY GOOD painting. The furnitures are old too. I don't understand how they dare propose a lift who barely works. I saw they obviously don't care about 5th floor clients, because the lift stops on the 4th floor.  Oh, and my key opened several doors before mine. Why ? Because the male receptionist told me ""I would find my room"" and I thought the number on the key was sufficient. Well, the number doesn't correspond to the room numbers. The male receptionist (for the evening) barely speaks English and you have to show you're unhappy…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or35-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay!,"I stayed with a friend in this hotel for a week and was pleasently suprised! All the bad reviews on here got me worried, but in my experience don't make a lot of sense.  We stayed on the 5th floor, easy reachable with the elevator which goes to the 4th floor and then a tiny staircase. Got a decent size, clean room with a very comfy, big bed. Bathroom is tiny, though modern and well looked after. Also had a little watercooker with tea and powdercoffee in the room, which they made sure to fill up again every morning.  All in all a very pleasent experience. I mean, it isn't the Hilton or anything to fancy, but for the prize we paid, we got a very nice hotel in a great area. Would recommend!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or35-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good quality for the price,"Small clean room, near underground (about 5 minutes walking) perfect location, great for sleepover. Nice personal. Expensive breakfast, you can find better for same price in the city. Has met our expectations.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or35-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Booked a ""Superior Double Room"". So small. Couldn't swing half a cat. Very warm outside (August 2019). Air con. not working. Eventually a rickety fan was supplied. Door to balcony blocked by double bed. Room phone didn't work, nor did bedside light. No drinking glasses supplied. Lift old and temperamental in its functioning. Staff most obliging and helpful which didn't improve the room.  Booked online. Paid agreed price. which was receipted. Debit from bank more than  that. Complained to hotel. They agreed to refund the difference. Still waiting.  Oh dear. We were really disappointed. Asked for hotel to price a taxi to St Pancras. Their phone was out-of-order",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or40-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",All the bad reviews are true,"My boyfriend and I stayed here as our first stop on our month long trip across Europe. We weren’t expecting much but thought that the other reviews were being dramatic. Our first room was big, but pretty noisy because it was near the entrance in the first hallway and all other guests had to pass our room to get to theirs. At one point, another guest was able to open our door and walk in even though we were 100% sure it was locked. After that we asked to switch rooms because we didn’t feel safe. The guy at the front desk was super super nice and showed us two other rooms that we could stay in. The one we chose was very small but decently manageable. The bathroom smelt TERRIBLE, we had to cover our noses with our shirts for it to be tolerable. According to my plumber boyfriend,…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or40-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid all contact,"This place is absolutely disgusting. As soon and my family and I open up the door flies come rushing over and there is a bad stench. We all felt as if we were sleeping in trash can. The lamp is crumpled and won’t turn on, there are treacherous stains on the floor, the bathroom floor is sticky and the shower head is moldy green. There is something like diarrhea on the ceiling and one of the walls has water damage. My father was nervous to pull the bed back and see what we would find. We found an extremely moldy rug. My mother found someone’s old hat under a chair! This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Avoid all contact with this place. If you have already booked your stay or are already in your room try and find a new hotel. If you can’t stay out late and wake up early.…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or40-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel ,"We have just stayed at the Cromwell international hotel and after reading the reviews I was dreading it! We arrived at 6.30 pm for 2 night and I was really suppressed how clean and tidy the rooms were, the bath room was also ok. Yes there was a bit of mildew on the silicon but it not the Rits and it didn’t make any difference to us as the room was clean and well kept. I will go back with out a doubt 👌🏼",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or40-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here! Dirty!,"Disappointing stay. The room was ridiculously warm on arrival and the air con didn't appear to work. There were signs of damp or a leak on the ceiling, cobwebs in both the bedroom and the bathroom, the wardrobe door was off its runner. I'm assuming rooms are checked prior to guests arrival but either this wasn't or there is simply a lack of care and attention to details. There were also no instructions on how to work the air con or the shower. Customer service was poor on both arrival and departure. The one good thing about the hotel is the location. The place has potential but needs some serious TLC and better attention to detail.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or40-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT VISIT,"I have never ever stayed in a more disgusting hotel than this. As soon as we got to our room we saw beetle/bugs everywhere (in the bathroom and main room - photos to follow). In addition, the door to our room didn’t lock. After complaining to reception he just told us that we could fill in a complaint form and we would have to keep ringing and ringing to see if we could get a ‘partial refund’ from management.  I have taken several videos of multiple beetles running around the room but I can’t upload them.   Please please please do not book here! They shouldn’t be running as a hotel!!",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or45-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, really avoid, I'm not joking!","Ok firstly I've stayed at many better hotels...but not many worse than this. The only good points were the friendly staff (helpful with my midnight check in), and location close to Gloucester Road tube station/Knightsbridge/Kensington etc. Now where to begin with the bad points..it's dirty, really dirty. Stains everywhere, crumbling walls door surrounds etc, couldn't sit on the seats as they were so stained, sheets were laundered but stains still visible, carpets frayed, closet door hanging off, the bathroom was but desperately in need of a good refit, the shower head was both mouldy and rusty as was around the bath, toilet and wash basin was clean. Because of this and more I found it almost impossible to get a good nights sleep, did I mention the noises ? Constant water noise,…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or45-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good location not as bad as the other reviews say! ,"This hotel was not as bad as previous reviews indicated. It was clean and had everything needed for a comfortable stay. It was cleaned everyday, fresh towels everyday, had air-conditioning and it was close to the train station which is so handy. Also very close to the Sainsburys. Would definitely come back. ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or45-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing stay, a distinct lack of quality and attention to detail",The moment we walked in there was a feeling of confusion. No one was at reception or in the breakfast room so we were left waiting for attention. There was no bell or way of alerting anyone of our arrival. Eventually someone wandered into the space and greeted us. Our room wouldn’t be ready until 3pm so left our bags locked in their storerooms behind four doors which was cumbersome dragging bags through.  Upon walking into our loft bedroom (sleeping four adults) there was a distinct strong smell of vomit. The acidic stench became more apparent beneath the stairs and at the foot of the king size bed. It was quite clear it was being masked by something and had tried to be cleaned prior to our arrival. The carpet was stained and curtains precariously hanging at odd angles from the…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or45-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst.,"If i could leave a zero stars rating, I would. Literally the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in. The mattresses are appaling with broken springs and holes in the springs, the rooms smell of drains, the 'air-con' doesn't actually work as the control panel is locked and the fan in the bathroom would not turn off all night. The windows are single glazed and the walls are insanely thin so you do not get a quiet nights sleep at all due to the girls next door having a party and the constant sirens going past the windows.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or45-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Theft, bugs, dirty, awful. Stay away!",Arrived late to a dirty room. With no where else to go we stayed one night. During us getting settled the front desk gave a key to the room to another family who walked in on my daughter naked.   We found roaches and a nearby room guest was panicked and yelling about bedbugs.   We found a hole into another room where we could see and be seen. Tried to move rooms and they said no. Next morning we packed our things and locked the room to go find a new place nearby. When we returned some items were stolen. Front desk told me “oh well”-   Worst hotel and people I have ever been too.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or50-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, Good Staff, but okay-ish","Clean room, minus slight mould around the top of windows. Comfy beds, although bottom sheets were wrong size and didn't fit the bed properly. Night staff guy was amazing, day time staff, less so.   Overall okay for the price but probably won't return,",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or50-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear!,"Ok let's start with the good points. Towels are thick, fluffy and clean. We were allowed to leave our luggage on our last day until our travel time. Bad points: the room was advertised as a double, it wasn't, it had a 3/4 sized bed and was damned uncomfortable.There was mould on the grouting on the shower. The receptionists gave you minimal information, I never found out about Wi-Fi. The breakfast - dear God- was a shambles. No clean glasses for juice. You were bought a tiny teapot of hot water, then given a pot with tea bags and coffee sachets. The toast could be described as slightly warmed bread. The cooked breakfast did not include bacon, the beef sausage was awful, the service was dreadful.  All in all do yourselves a favour and give it a miss.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or50-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Highly avoid! Theres budget hotels and then there is pure filth,"Ive been to some budget and basic hotels but i have never stayed anywhere as bad as this! Took half an hour to checked in. The carpet was that dirty it turned the bottom of our socks black. Damp on the walls, the bathroom had bugs in the sink and the bath, it was clearly not cleaned. Dust everywhere! Bugs in the room and on the unclean, stained bedsheets. The window was cello-taped closed and the window cill was black with filth. Disgusting is all i can say!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or50-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",COCKROACHES - See pictures!!!,"Absolutely awful.  NEVER STAY HERE! After we checked in, we found out the elevator was broken - our room was on the 4th floor (8 flights of stairs). The elevator remained broken for the duration of our stay.  When we arrived in the room it was extremely hot - turning on the AC made it hotter so we just opened a window.  The shower was scalding hot - the hotel receptionist wrestled with it to get it cold. Our room was not cleaned for 2 days (we were later told that this was our fault because we didn’t hand in the key at reception and tell them to clean the room - NO ONE had told us to do this). The final straw was going into the bathroom and seeing three cockroaches running about. We told reception the problem and they weren’t in the least bit shocked.  We asked to move rooms,…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or50-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend trip 24th May,"To be honest I was dreading my trip after reading the reviews on here, I was pleasantly surprised that the family room I'd booked was clean and tidy, room was in the basement and beds were made up and towels changed during our 2 night stay. Good location as well. Didn't eat there so I can't comment on the food. ",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or55-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, very poor hotel","I arrived at 6 p.m. , as I had announced when I made my reservation. But no staff was in sight at the reception! Someone (friend of the owner?) looked in after 10 minutes & rang up the receptionist - who was ""off for a brief break"". Over half an hour was wasted. The lift goes up 5 floors - I was, of course , on a yet higher floor & had to carry my bag up the narrow winding stairs. The lift had technical problems: the doors had to be manually pulled shut. Several lights in my room were hanging loose from their sockets on the wall - VERY seedy. Another woman I met in the hotel ALSO had to wait ages at the reception, as the clerk was off for a ""brief break"". NEVER again.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or55-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again ,"The only things we enjoyed were the bed and the amounts of towels.  No one made up the room (in the basement!!!) after our first night or changed the used towels, the bathroom was dirty, the hater of the room was not working and there was a SCRABBLE in the room.  The person at the front desk laughed at us at the very first moment, and I had to ask twice for the hairdryer. He also laughed and gave an adaptor to charge electronic devices to a friend and, when we also asked for one, said we should buy one “on the other side of the street”. I asked for a new bag of soluble coffee and the person at the front desk said “we don’t have it”, and of course was not true.  Never again I’m sorry, everything was really bad and dirty.   ",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or55-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers,"We arrived at the hotel and no one was at reception. After ten minutes a man appeared with his shopping and checked us in. First room we were given a key for had guests in it. We were then given a room at the front of the hotel, no sleep that night. We complained in the morning and were told we would be moved. Breakfast was like a scene from Fawlty Towers, absolute carnage. Fire escapes on each floor blocked by laundry and vacuum cleaners. Fire alarm went off as an employee was smoking in the basement. Shambolic!!!! ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or55-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish,Booked a double superior room. We were given a room that just managed to hold a bed and could not get around it. The bathroom stank. I asked to move rooms and we were shown two others. They were bigger but again the drain in the bathroom stank in one of them. We settled into the other. The room next door were noisy until 2.30 am. The springs in the bed stuck into us. The plug in the sink didn't work so could not have a wash. The shower only seemed to give out scalding hot water. Would not stay here again and unfortunately as I booked a non cancellation room I cannot it seems get any money back  Other reviews have said how awful it is and no luck with response from E mails to them.  I unfortunately am staying for two nights and cannot afford to upgrade to another hotel. ,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or55-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Location is about the only good thing going for this hotel ,My wife and I booked a family room for us and our 13yr old daughter and 17yr old son at the Cromwell International Hotel in London SW7 4DX to stay at on 6th April. We booked this room as Bookings.com showed photos of the family room which had a mezzanine with a double bed in addition to the double bed on ground level which meant my wife and I would be able to have some privacy from our children.  The room was also big enough for four and did not appear cramped.  When we arrived we were given a room in the basement (the stairs going down to the basement floor with the room stunk of cigarettes) and the room we had was two double beds adjacent to each other.  There was a substantial amount of mould growing on the carpet and on the skirting board by the room door and also three of…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or60-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Lacking ,Good points: reasonable location if wanting museums. Good shower   Bad points: ours was a very noisy room on ground floor with constant comings and going’s just outside. Key never worked despite replacing several times. Tv not working - promised another - never arrived. Bedside lamp not working. Promised to fix. Never did. No shelves or cupboards in bathroom. Bed knackered. WC constantly flushing and separately a continuous  sound of gushing water through pipes. ,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or60-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Review ,The price of the hotel obviously reflects the standard of the rooms. We booked a supposedly superior double room but it was so small there was less than a foot of space around the bed making it very difficult to move without climbing over the bed. The bed itself was reasonably comfortable and the extra pillows we asked for were supplied the following day. The bathroom was adequate and the shower good apart from the smell of the drains which we tried to suppress with the air freshener we had to buy from the local Sainsbury's. The room was nice and quiet for the first 3 nights but the 4th night was terrible due to the noise from either other guests or staff shouting and hysterical high pitched screams of female  laughter till 23.30 Thursday and again from 04.30 Friday morning. Up…,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or60-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Review,"The room was just big enough for a double bed yet it was described in the booking as a “superior double room” which it obviously wasn’t!! The bathroom smelled of sewage, the wardrobe doors were loose and the noise from either staff or other guests at 04.30 in the morning was deafening. None of the staff I tried to speak to could speak English so that was a waste of time. The only plus side was the location and that’s all.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or60-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A little journey to London,"This hotel is well located in a beautiful typical londonian architecture. For the price that I think it worths it, the room was really charming. A small room with one little bed. I didn't need more I was there just for 3 days. The room was clean. And I've slept barely well. It is really easy to find it. And not really far from it we can see a Sainsbury market very practical if you search anything to eat or whatever. It's a supermarket. Thanks.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or60-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Highly disappointing,"In an ideal location is the only plus point I can find. We regret taking a non-refundable, pre-paid deal. The room was hardly presentable, when we got to it, having trekked up 6/7+ flights of stairs. This was because the lift was out of order, which remained the case for our whole 2 night stay. I am still trying to understand their room description as ""Superior Queen Size Room"", the fixtures and fittings were all in a terrible state. I thought the dresser draws had been left open by the previous occupant or the chambermaid, but found the unit sloped forward and they opened of their own accord. I corrected this with about a dozen beer mats from a nearby bar. The wardrobe could not accommodate my wife's dresses due to the drop height, it even struggled with my shirt and jacket.…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or65-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Deceiptfull booking process -  DO NOT BOOK WITH THEM,"DO NOT BOOK CROMWELL HOTE. i had made a tentative booking for October where in all the steps of the booking process said Pay at the property and nowhere it mentioned a pre authorization was going to be taken. Much to my surprise as soon as i confirmed the booking, an amount was charged to my account. Rang booking.com, nothing happened, emailed the hotel, no reply at all. Rang booking.com again today and they claim the refund will take 15 days! Total BS! my booking is now cancelled as obviously would not stay with a dishonest property who steals from customers!",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or65-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awfull awfull hotel,"Shower not working  No help at all from a mocking man at the reception asking why I wanted to change room, ""only"" for the shower? Do not waste your money in this place. No shower, no room change, no refund. Dishonest awful management",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or65-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Clean comfortable room in a great location,"Great location between Gloucester Road and Earls Court. Small single room was clean and comfortable, just what I needed for a short stay. Hotel is in very good condition and room rate was very reasonable.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or65-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Tourist,"Stayed here for two nights. Price was $95 a night so cheaper than a lot of hotels in that area. We were on the fifth floor. Very steep stairs and the lift was interesting. Not spotlessly clean but not scary dirty either. In a good convenient location, grocery store across the road was handy for snacks. Bed was surprisingly comfortable and wifi worked good. Shower water pressure was not great. Overall for the price compared to others I would choose it again as I don’t spend a lot of time in the hotel, just need a palace to sleep and shower. ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or65-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Negative ,"Staff unfriendly and unhelpful. Good position for visit London, but at the same price it's possible to find better. Not clean, washbasin micro, towel scratchy and old, the panorama out of the window a old and dark wall of an internal courtyard. Shower out of order, room very noise near the elevator. Not recommended at all. The worst thing it's the staff. All without any exceptions. ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or70-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do not give this hotel your money!!!,"We had 2 nights booked at this hotel this coming March through a well known comparison booking site.   After booking a online reservation in DECEMEBER under a pay on arrival agreement, the hotel deducted this money from my account without consent to do so.  I phoned the hotel immediately to hopefully rectify what I believed to be accidental only to be told there was no reservations manager available to deal with this matter. After requesting a phone call back and not recieving one I once again contacted the hotel again only to be informed no one was available to speak to me! This happened on multiple occasions often not even getting through to reception, only a dead or constant ringing line.  I took this matter further and was directed by the comparison website to put a formal…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or70-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Night away ,Stayed here feb 14th as it was close to the royal Albert hall and we were off to see a show . The hotel is located within a 5 min walk from Gloucester road station which is easily accessible from Paddington.  Easy to find also . First impressions of hotel tidy clean . Quite busy at reception. But the young man saw to us promptly and was helpful . The room was a bit tricky to find up and down a few stairs but we finally found it . Room was good. ..was dreading it to be honest as I read previous 'reviews on here so was expecting a dive. It was far from it . Bedding was clean made up nicely . Towels clean . Mini shower gels and shampoo always a plus.  Good selection of tea coffee . Bed was comfy . Bathroom also clean and tidy .  Drawbacks . Bit noisy when people are walking about…,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or70-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A good stay at the Cromwell International.,"Very good service at reception. Always happy to help. Accommodation is of a good standard generally. Room a little cold and had to use heater provided. Good value for the location. Fixtures and fittings could use a little upgrade, but perfectly adequate in my view.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or70-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE HYGIENE AND ROOMS,"The shower and the walls in the bathroom were moldy and the smell was awful. There was a smashed bug on the wall next to the bed. Things in the room looked broken and fixed in a cheap way. Don’t let the “kingsize bed” fool you because it’s actually 2 matresses shoved together with 2 separate single sheets. The rooms aren’t clean either, we found stains of blood on the nightstand and hairs all over the bathroom.  We could cope with all that because we aren’t complainers (so i cleaned most of it myself with some handsanitizer) but when we came back and saw a cockroach crawl under the toilet, we were done!! We went down to the reception and asked a new room, which we got without them even looking at our room. It almost looked like they are used to having complaints. It’s a very…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or70-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers,"Cockroaches, broken mattress, unpleasant noise, smells, dirt, shabby decor, unprofessional staff waking you up asking to look in your room, fire alarm broken.  I would advise paying more and staying somewhere else I did not sleep a wink  Good location",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or75-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",MOLTO MEDIOCRE,"The day we arrived was not asked the id card to my partner (in Italy is a serious thing as it could be a malicious or a murderer or anything else), also we were not provided with the card for the light in the room we had to go down in the hall of the hotel and we were told to insert any other type of card for the operation, but it did not help. After we returned to the lobby to inform the receptionist of the inconvenience and we announced that on our return from dinner we would have preferred that the light worked, but on our return the receptionist told us (his words): ""I forgot what I had to do"". That's no good. however, for the rest of the stay was not bad, although I recommend to the director of the structure to adjust the elevator and better instruct his staff. Sincerely",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or75-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasure ,"Keeping it short,  I personally didn’t find many faults with this hotel! Only paid £35 per night 2 night stay in total. Room itself was clean and a good size with views of the mews out back, I’m not one of these that takes pictures of the smallest marks on a wall and writes a review about it! I stay around this area 2-3 a month and by far this is a hotel I will continue to use, only reason I never give this a 5 was Walls of neighbours are kind of thin, was no information when checking in just was give the key, also I didn’t know there was a lift and finding the room was extremely awkward and key didn’t work twice and housekeeping didn’t knock just walked in on me but in my eyes mistakes can happen. Other than this I liked it. ",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or75-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Where to start!!!,"So in terms of location the hotel is great (especially when you can park relatively close for £15 per 24hrs with the flexibility to come and go with the car) - unfortunately this is the only positive.  On arrival we were ask to fill in a form and then given some poor directions to the room. When we opened the door the smell of SEWAGE was overpowering - the smell was definitely coming from the bathroom. We couldn’t even open the door because the smell was that bad.  The room itself was absolutely TINY... you could barely move around the bed, the curtains and nets were absolutely filthy and the towels smelt fusty.  The WORST off all was the mattress on the bed, it was HORRENDOUS - you could feel every spring! The most uncomfortable and unpleasant sleep I have ever experienced!  To…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or75-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A loyal customer (Been here 7 times),"I have been staying in this hotel for the past 6 years, almost twice a year. It has been absolutely perfect. But for the last two stays, i notice that the hotel is falling apart. They have used ZERO money on the renovations, you can see that the bathroom ceiling has a big hole, the tiles are falling apart and the window handles are broken. The lift does not work all the time. All in all, i would stay there if we were looking for a cheap hotel near the central areas and tube, but never again with my family and kids. Never!  PS. The door lock did not work, we noticed it the last two days that the door was unlocked the whole freaking time. Very uneasy to know my family and belongings were there for 7 nights without a lock on the door!!!",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or75-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,"I stayed at the Cromwell last month because of its closeness to the underground and was very disappointed. When I arrived the male receptionist who checked me in was rude. He asked me for my reservation paper and when I handed it to him and started speaking he cut me off. He also spoke extremely fast like he didn’t want to do his job and wanted to get through with Me as soon as possible. I ended up getting lost in the hall looking for my room for like 5 minutes. I did tell Rocky, a receptionist, about this and he was nice. The next morning I asked the rude guy to access my breakfast in the fridge and he told me to get it myself. Wow, if you don’t like the job then get a different one. Fire alarm also went off when someone smoked in one of the rooms waking the hotel up at 2am.…",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or80-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The hotel is very centrally located; a five minute walk from Gloucester Road tube.  Lots of restaurants and shops nearby.  The room and bathroom were very clean, although a bit small.  Even though there are lots of shops and restaurants nearby, the hotel was very quiet. The hotel definitely needs some TLC though, the carpets in the reception need a good clean and the elevators were scary.  The biggest negative was the staff in reception who  were extremely sullen and unhelpful; we asked to borrow scissors or a knife to cut cable ties and the reception staff said they did not have any of those items.  If you just want a clean place to sleep and a good location from which to see London's sight, the hotel is absolute fine.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or80-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"The drainage smell in the room, which was coming from the bathroom was overpowering. The room was very small considering it was a superior room. The curtain was heavily stained with something unknown. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling away and it was mouldy. The window had mould lumps on the glass and surrounding wooden frame. The walls were covered here and there with marks. The bed linen and towels had marks on them and did not smell fresh. There were hairs in the bed. The quilt seemed insufficient for the bed in this superior room. The heating system did not work and the room was freezing. After asking one staff member to sort the heating and being ignored on the first night a kind member of staff gave us the electric heater that he had behind the reception desk.…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or80-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dec 28th family trip,"Where to start.... as i lay here in a rock hard bed in a my prebooked suite laughing in disbelief following the fire alarm going off at 7.30am and having to go to reception myself to find out its a false alarm due to the steam from a shower being used. Arrived on the 28th at 1415 as was advised that check in was strictly 3pm, the boy on reception didnt even check to see if the room was ready as i stood there with my wife and two children. He did however offer a place to store our luggage which we accepted. We arrived back to the hotel approx 6.30pm and checked in ok, on entering the so- called suite i was instantly drawn to its poorly maintained state, cold temperature, heavily stained furniture, curtains that didnt close, damaged wood work that had been repaired with…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or80-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Average but in the perfect area,"Its basic room. The bathroom and shower area is too small for u to even bend forward. The area is perfect for visiting National History Museum, Harrods, Hyde Park etc. And the hotel price for London is good. Lots of restaurants around. Close to the underground train. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or80-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",If I could give it a 0 I would!,Writing this review at 12am in the morning of night 1!!  Upon arriving at 11am I asked to ensure the room was suitable for 2 adults and 3 children as booked via booking.com. staff said oh we have 4 adults down here we'll correct that. We arrive to check in 9 hours later with 3 tired children to go to our room to find 2 double beds only?! After speaking to reception they told us nothing they could! We had to made a bed on the floor with a duvet for someone sleep on!! Go to a run a bath for the kids to see the ceiling covered in mold! It was disgusting and as someone who suffers with asthma not great for my stay! Toilet seat also hanging off and bathroom not even looked like it had been cleaned.  Finally decide to go to sleep to be woken up at 11.30 with water coming through the…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or85-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,"The Cromwell International is clean, comfortable and very conveniently located. Old building so room are small but bathroom and heating were good. There is a lift but split levels too. Close to Gloucester Rd. Nice coffee on sale.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or85-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","terrible, choose any other place","1- we Arrived at 3AM and we had to collect the Keys in your hotel that it is located miles from the appartment. 2- once we walk into the appartment we were locked and couldnt go out. I sent 4 emails with no answer and called to your hotel Cromwell, and finally someone came and helped us (morning Lost) 3. We booked 4 nights and since day once you let only 1/2 toilet paper, kitchen with no forks, nothing to wash dishes 4. No one has showed Up to change towels or clean the appartment in 4 days 5. Of course, when we got into the appartment, this looked like no one has cleaned or checked It since the last guest left, with water on the floor in the toilet, dirt everywhere, etc... 6. Pictures of the appartment in Booking.com are a world of fantasy  Thanks",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or85-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The Cornwell International Hotel. London.,Horrendous smell of drains.Had to sleep with the window open.All around the hotel smelled. Springs on the mattress. Unkept and dangerous.Very very poor. Small room for a superior double room. I wouldn't recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or85-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",poor hotel and service,"Check in was a pleasent experience.This changed on entering the room. The first thing that hit you was the smell...it was the single worst drain smell we've ever experienced. This was coming from the broken shower plug one can assume? The shower was covered in mould also. The carpet was filthy...stains everywhere. Dirty black finger marks on the walls too. The bedside lamp flashed on occasion. The room was so tall and thus had a massive windiw that didn't fully close, however the room was so narrow the bed actually was touching the window so was so cold. The sheets also had a fusty aroma. we were glad we were only there 1 night and ut was obly a place to lay our head rather than stay a while. Check out was horrific...no interaction at all...the lady didn't even look up fron her…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or85-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, shame about the room and the service","I have booked the room months in advance for £100 without breakfast. It was on the 5th floor. The lift only took us to the 4th then 2 flights of stairs. There was no water pressure, so could not have a hot shower or wash my hair. Shower fittings were cheap and confusing. Receptionist was unhelpful. Not just to me. View from the room is attached as a photo of burnt out rubble on the roof of the hotel. Very unpleasant experience.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or90-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting ,"This is single handedly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in  On arrival the staff we're too busy texting to assist us with Check In  The elevator does not service all the floors  Our room was miniscule and you could tell not much effort was put into maintenance of the room  Our bathroom smelt of raw sewage and when we informed the staff a worker came, said ""yes it smells"" and walked out  I strongly advise to all that they should not stay here",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or90-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room,"Pleasant room with everything I needed for 1 night stay.kettle, tv, hairdryer, Comfortable bed and pillows. Nice en suit.   Just a couple of small moans bath mat looked a bit grim so didn't use it at first  but then slipped in shower so put it in. Sheet on bed didn't seem big enough for mattress so kept coming off.   Would stay here again. Nice find.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or90-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel room smelt, cold and dirty. Staff uninterested!",Myself and my family recently stayed for two nights in room 103.  Upon arrival we opened up the door to a rotten stale milk smell. We opened the window to air the room and went back down to reception to complain. We were told that there was no other rooms available and that someone would go and have a look and try and to solve the problem which they thought were the drains.  When we came back after a day exploring the city the room was freezing and still stinky. We closed the window and tried to turn the heating on which did not work. We then found the heater in the wardrobe which was missing one leg and unsafe. With two small children we had to secure it near the door in order to ensure they did not knock it and fall over.  We went down to reception where we were informed that…,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or90-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and descend hotel in London.,"I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights andI was very satisfied with the hotel. 2 requests I have asked conserning my stay there, both were fullfilled. The only thing that bothered a little was the matrress of the bed. Ι thing it is an issue that the hotel's management some pay an attention about it. But it is not so big deal to spoil someone's stay there. The hotel had an A/C in the room so it was easy to adjust the temperature. I would definitely suggest the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or90-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Hotel,"Stayed 2 nights here recently October 2018. Staff so unsociable and the rooms we were given was on the first floor and basement which were so dirty not seen any cleaning at all. Bedlined looked Clean ? Carpets inside the room not clean, window sill dirty, Curtains did not close properly view from room window was scaffolding , metal ladders and brick walls. under the bed was dirty behind the bed was dirty, phone was dirty light switches and door handles were not clean. Walls had dirty marks across them bathroom ceiling had mould on it no plug in the sink toilet seat in both rooms were loose. Wardrobe door handles were loose. We had to ask for extra loo rolls which were then just dumped in the room, Curtains dirty.  Rooms had a double bed in room was made for just a single bed so…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or95-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,My room was in the basement and consequently no traffic noise from the very busy main road. Room clean and tidy with nice en suite. Ideal location especially for just an overnight stay. Breakfast is available.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or95-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A bad choice,The only good aspect is the location. But...  Elevator does not work. They know it but they do not fix it. Many broken things in the rooms and bathrooms. The TV worked fine. The hotel hardly ever answer the phone. They overcharged us but never returned the money. My bank fixed the problem after we were waiting for the hotel response for more than a month. They did not answer our emails.  Lots of hotels in the same street. Probably better options.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or95-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"I was a little concerned after reading the reviews on here after i had made my booking, but on arrival i was pleasantly surprised. The staff were friendly and i was able to check in early. The room was clean and tidy and had everything we needed for a 1 night stay. There was no noise from outside despite it being right next to a busy road. There was a bit of noise from other people staying but thats not a problem of the hotel. We were unfortunately woken by the fire alarm going off at 7am from th breakfast cooking, but at least we knew it was working, and again a problem that couldn’t be helped. We didn’t eat here as had to leave early, but all round a great hotel in a fantastic location. Will definitely be using it again if we visit london.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or95-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed,Booked the hotel from Australia. Arrived and staff virtually ignored us until I said we would like to check in. Showed our passports and they gave us a key and said the room Was in the basement and had to go down steep narrow stair.  No offer to help. Room small and dingy. Shower taps confusing to use and not in good working order. Only saving grace was it is central to most attractions.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or95-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Just the Ticket,"Considering the location and overall value for money this is an ideal hotel. Yes the room may be small, but it has a clean toilet and the bedding is clean. If you are in London you do not stay in your hotel unless it is to sleep. So taking that into account, The Cromwell Int Hotel is ideal. This is not the first time i have stayed here and it will not be the last.  Many Thanks, Jim",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or100-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fine!,"The hotel is located in a fantastic area.  Just a few blocks from Hyde park and Kensington palace.  Right down the road from Gloucester road tube station(Piccadilly and circle lines), so it’s a fantastic base. The hotel itself is unremarkable.  I had a ‘deleux double’.  It was small but with plenty of storage.  There were tea and coffee making facilities.  Not very pristine but not dirty either.  The bed was comfortable enough.  I got clean towelsevery day.  They were a bit sharply but clean.  The shower was very very nice.  Two shower heads and quite roomy.  There was a smell that lingered in the bathroom.  Not too overbearing though.  The staff were unfriendly but helped when asked.  All in all my stay there was completely unremarkable.  In ten years time when thinking about…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or100-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Still awful faeces and seamen stains,Disgusting place welcomed into my room with an awful smell and faeces in the toilet the bed had seamen stains on it just the worst place rather stay on the street with a sleeping bag it would be nicer,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or100-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worst way to end my exhausting day of travelling,"I came on Wed 5th of September 2018 almost around 11pm. I had an exhausting day and night, also carrying 2 relatively small but very heavy luggage. It took more than 15 minutes for the receptionist to give me my room. He gave me room 504 on the 5th level and the elevator is not working, so he just apologised to me and not even offering any help to carry one of my bags to the 5th level. After climbing to the 5th level with my belongings, I entered my room (504) and found the card slot for electricity is not in a very terrible shape, it cannot hold the card, therefore no electricity. Tried to phone the reception, because no way I would go down and up again for this. As expected, no answer. I decided to hack the slot which took me around 20 minutes so it would work and I have my…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or100-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here . NO customer service exists. No Manager exists,Just don't book this hotel. Many issues. Double charged our credit card and was virtually told it was not their problem. Other issues. Very angry.Still NO refund or communication Badly trained staff...no Customer Service exists at this property.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or100-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"When i got to reception to check in at 23:00 on 7th of September the receptionist said you did not book a room and that he cant find me on the system, even though i had confirmation from booking.com, it took him 20mins to find my name. I’ve never been to hotel where someone tries to convince me that i did not book a room when clearly im showing it to him on booking.com. He then finds my name and instead of apologising he gives me the key card and does not show me where my room is and tells me go up one floor and you’ll see your room, but i had to go up 2 floors. Ask him for wifi he said it doesnt work",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or105-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,"Very comfortable hotel in the center of London. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and quiet. There are several good food shops very close to the hotel. Best deal for London, good choice for a smart traveler!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or105-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Would rate lower if physically possible.,"Awful hotel. Hairs in the shower. Rips on headboard, pillow and lampshades. Bleach stains on the carpet. Stains all over the walls. When I asked to speak to a manager I was told there wouldn't be one in until Monday. Ridiculous customer service.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or105-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money,"Let's start with the positives. Decent check in experience. Friendly counter staff, good location but that's where it ends.   I booked a single economy room. I had the biggest shock of my life when I walked in. I literally walked straight into my bed, the room was tiny akin to a broom cupboard.  To make matters worse the window was quite small and I had a great view...of a brick wall.  There were stains on the wall and the fixtures and fittings were either broken, coming away and hanging off.  The bathroom was tiny too, when using the toilet my knees knocked the sink which I wasn't best pleased with.  The shower was dirty and still had the previous occupants toiletries at the bottom of the base. There was no where to place your toiletries so it was quite literally a juggling act…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or105-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Near fatal accident,"Stayed for 2 nights with my sister and 5 year old niece.   Our room was a 'Superior Double.' It didn't look or feel superior. Although the room was clean, it was absolutely tiny and for 2 adults and a 5 year old it didn't suit us at all.   The wardrobe had sliding doors and soon after we checked in, my niece slid one of the doors open and it fell off the hinges and hit her back as she fell. It was just inches from her head. If it had landed on her head, I dread to imagine what damage it could have caused. We went straight to reception and was offered free breakfast for both days and a complaint form to fill in. We feel this wasn't enough. We should have been offered a different room or at least some of our money back.  I can think of only 2 positives:  1) The location was ideal…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or105-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Guest Relations,"Booked this hotel in March 2018 for a  November 2018 stay, had to cancel over 4 months in advance of stay (July 2018 made request for a refund.  admittedly, hotel terms were non-refundable, however, AARP tried to get me a refund.  took hotel nearly one month to deny the request for a refund.  can't understand how hotel would not be able to accept another booking when  cancellation was about 5 months before scheduled stay.  unreasonable position by management.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or110-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny rooms,"Good location with easy access to Tube , also inexpensive for London  - however rooms are tiny and walls are thin . Decor is dated and in our case paint peeling off ceiling in bathroom. Breakfast is better at the cafes near Gloucester Rd station and similar price. Staff were fine , helpful when asked",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or110-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible....,"My wife and I stayed for 2 nights as it was her birthday and 1st trip to London. We had a 'superior double room at the front. Nothing superior about that room! It was smelly, the bathroom smelt of raw sewage, the sash window didn't operate properly,so the road noise was loud.... no hairdryer in the room, we were told there was! Reception staff were poor, the lift worked when it felt like it.... only decent thing was the location, as we were out for hours both days... The noise from the other rooms meant we hardly slept... I was glad to check out. Avoid this hotel.......",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or110-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"I stayed in the Cromwell International for 3 nights (Friday - Monday) in order to attend an event at the Olympia. It was interesting to say the least   Pros *Easy walking distance of tube and bus stops for transport to event.  Cons  *Check in - was a bit of a nightmare. Spent 10 minutes with a staff member who didn't really know what they were doing. Someone else eventually came over and finished check in. Was given overly complicated instructions to find room. Told there was a lift. Whilst waiting for lift I was told by another member of staff that it was broken. After spending a good 10 minutes attempting to find my room - please label your corridors properly!!! - I find the key doesn't work. Back down I go, with all my luggage, to get the key fixed.  *The room - I honestly…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or110-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff. But that’s it. ,Got a super small room. Even little wider than the bed. It was clean but all a like vintage.  Bed was very good if you like it hard. The elevator was on strike but the receptionist found a solution.   Definitely not on my recommendation list. ,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or110-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worse hotel i have ever visited,"I visited London with my partner and his mum, who is 77 (real reason for this visit). We did reserve with Booking.com a Superior double room and a Superior single room for the 2nd and 3rd July plus a Economy single room and an Economy double room for the 1st July. First day we had a double room in the basement with no air conditioning as apparently they forgot to reserve our room and that was the only room available. The single room was ridiculously small and smelt disgusting. The next day we were changed to our new rooms where again air conditioning was not working (in both!!) but this time neither the boiler was working so we had a really hot visit (Nearly 80 degrees) and my partner’s mother had  to take a shower with freezing cold water, despite having heart surgery recently…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or115-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",2nd visit here,"Having stayed here last year and found it excellent value for money I decided to stay again as the location is so convenient to central London. I booked a superior single room. The bed was pushed right up against the window and reached from wall to wall so it was rather difficult having to climb over the bed everytime I wanted some natural light or air. The bed was comfortable and the room clean on arrival. The bathroom looked to have been recently renovated as was very new looking. There was a bit of a stink coming from the drain but as I was literally only sleeping in the room I wasn't too fussed.  Didn't stay for breakfast as was in a rush. Again, although it wasn't as pleasant as my first stay I would definitely stay here again as offers great value for money in a great…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or115-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,My husband had booked us a weekend away to go to the bst festival in Hyde park for our 25th anniversary.we'd been looking forward to it for over 6 months. He'd booked the 1st night with expedia and 2 nights through booking.com.when we arrived we were shown to a room in the basement when we opened the curtains to the yard there was a few guys stood waving at us it was so dark and dinghy there was blood on the sheets and the bath was filthy..the 2nd night we were moved up a floor to the same view the light was held on with a plastic tie and there was bird muck on the inside of the window sill and the air con was awful for £75 a night I was expecting it to be a bit better..the receptionist was lovely and helpful,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or115-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great cheap place to stay in central London!,"I can't believe how many bad reviews there are about this hotel, so I thought I would write one that could put things straight. When I'm paying £45 a night for a hotel in CENTRAL London, I'm not expecting anything fancy at all so when I arrived at this hotel and saw we had a clean bed with clean sheets, a clean and working bathroom, air conditioning and we had tea and coffee making facilities I was more than happy! Me and my boyfriend came to London for one night as we were attending a festival at Gunnersbury park. The hotel is very close to the Gloucester Road underground station, which is served by the District, circle and piccadilly line so we found that it was very easy to get anywhere we wanted in London. Nearby is a Waitrose and a Tesco which was really handy and Cromwell…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or115-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE!!!  DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!  UNSAFE FOR YOUNG CHILDREN!!!,"********* DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL **********  We had arrived in London for a wedding and had a very busy schedule planned.  We felt completely trapped as we did not have the resources to look for an alternative hotel and to be quite frank we felt quite scared to raise the serious concerns we had to staff as we experienced a very intimidating atmosphere.  We arrived around 12 noon 5 July and asked for our luggage to be stored, a large sign was displayed at the desk to say there would be no hot water for the entire day.  When I challenged this, the receptionist was extremely hostile in his approach and said 'by the time you come back at 3pm to check-in you will have hot water'.  In order to store our bags we needed to pay for the hotel and had we been able to see the room, I would…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or115-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Filth,"Absolutely disgusting, nothing like the pictures on booking . Com, shower full of mould, window wouldn't open, have to stand on bed to close curtains ( which we didn't bother staying as sooo dirty) window ledge black with dirt, finger nails on mattress, lamp shades thick with dust, 3 couples in reception complaining, absolutely disgusting , wardrobe about to collapse, filth 😩",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or120-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","WOULDNT STAY HERE AGAIN FOR FREEAVOID AVOID AVOID!!","- Air con didn't work and it was 29degrees outside  - Shower didn't work properly. Couldn't change temperature. Nob was broken. So shower was extremely hot.  - Shower door broken  - Key cards didn't work so at least 1 guest was given a master key so could access any room if they wanted to. - As the key cards didn’t work guests had to share a room key with hotel staff other than the one guest who was provided with the master key - Towels not replaced, we had to ask. - Lift didn't work so had to carry heavy bag up 3 flights of stairs. - staff unavailable at times - calling down to reception yet they don’t answer   All of the issues above were reported to the staff at the time of our stay. Apparently no other rooms available and we’re informed the problems would be rectified during…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or120-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Could be a really nice hotel.,Mixes thoughts on this hotel with a bit of forward thinking it could be very nice and welcoming. Some worn soft furnishings could be replaced in the reception/ dining area. The lift works when it wanted to and does not feel safe when it does. We was in room 508 at the very top and using the stairs in 30c heat is not pleasant. We did report it the receptionist just smiled knowingly the hot water seemed to go off between 22.00& 10.00am when asking at reception we was told there was a fault.  A little suspect for me every night over 3 night's.The view from our room was old  broken out buildings on a flat roof attached to the hotel. The location was perfect for us traveling into London on the tube and is relatively  inexpensive The bathroom could have been cleaner and needs a little…,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or120-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",POOR customer service,"I recently made a booking and in by mistake selected the wrong weekend! Not an issue i thought! i emailed the email address provided explain my mistake and requesting the same room the week before (Which was available and at the same price as i checked!) i was told i needed to cancel and rebook, so i requested they cancel my booking, after 11 days of my requesting if the cancellation had been processed i called them! after being spoke to in a disgusting manner i was passed to the marketing department who told me it was against policy to modify or change and therefore i would be out of pocket! 12 days and financially worse off for what would have been about 6 clicks on a keyboard. AVOID  they are pureley motivated by cash and have no care or consideration for customers, i doubt…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or120-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Shocking, not a hotel","One night’s stay in London before heading off home. Check in ok but you could see that the place was in serious need of an uplift.  Room was on the ground floor off the Cromwell Road so no noise from outside. Pokey room with two single beds, had to request another duvet as you could feel the springs from the thin mattress dig in to the back. Two men arrived with the duvet?? which was odd - we took the duvet from them without letting them in. State of the duvet was shocking (see photo). Removed it and used the sheet. Aircon kept the room nice and cool but was gurgling intermittently during the night - thank goodness for ear plugs.   Shower the next morning was a challenge. Extremely hot water which couldn’t be regulated and extremely dangerous. Water splashed the ceiling leaving…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or120-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap hotel in central London,"A cheap hotel near the tube in central London. Very comfortable super king size bed and our room did not overlook Cromwell Road which was noisy. Alas the air conditioning was not working, the lift broke down, we were on the third floor, the plug in the basin would not open, the shower was wobbly and the shower doors didn't close properly. All in all a good night's sleep with the help of fans for a very reasonable price. If everything had been working the price would have been much higher.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or125-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for Money,"Booked a family room for a night in London on the last minute. The good thing about Cromwell, is the location. It was a good value for money at the perfect location. Just 5 - 7 minutes walk from London Underground, Supermarket, Cafe's etc. The room was spacious, bathroom was big and clean, so can't complain. Obviously, it's not a high end property but delivered what I was expecting for the money I spent.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or125-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful/Filthy/Run down,"Stayed here for three nights whilst on a visit and we always stay in Kensington for the area and location, this is the only thing this place has for right. Arrived at hotel at correct check in time room not ready for an hour or so later, finally checked in and the grubby lift was not working so climbed the three flights of stairs to room.  Worst room ever, and the smell was awful, there is a sink in the middle of the shower area and it was backed up with stagnant water, awful smell for three days, room was so tiny we had to sit on the bed if one of us needed to move around.  Wardrobe doors hanging off and no coat hangers!!!! Asked reception for an iron and ironing board and waited in room for an hour.....went back down to enquire to be told I hadn’t asked for one!!!!, explained…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or125-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Trooping the colour.,"Well my weekend started off with a coach journey from Manchester to London   I booked in at the Cromwell International hotel on Cromwell Road Kensington. The greeting was nice and friendly, I wA given the card key for my room and advised the route to the first floor. I opened the bedroom door and was a little surprised, the room and shower room was very Small. It had a bed, bedside table and a TV on the wall. The toilet, shower and hand basin looked new, it was very clean but very small. Although the appearance was ok, I felt deflated. The bed and pillows were comfortable and the White linen was ok but they didn't have mattress protector or pillow protectors. The kettle had to be plugged in and held on to as it was balancing on the bed because there was nowhere to rest it on…",None,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or125-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money ,"Centrally located close to the tube with several restaurants, markets, bureau of exchange, etc, around and/or at a short walking distance.  Staff was always very friendly and accommodating. Rooms are not state of the art but they served just fine my needs as I was in London for meetings - so pretty much just stopped by the hotel for sleeping, showering and changing clothes Would definitely recommend and even re-book in November ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or125-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Best place to stay in London ,"Usually, when we stop  in London, we get disappointed with hotels, because they looks nice on pictures and on reality is bad. This hotel is PERFECT for short STAY. I was with my 2 years old daughter and had room, which was exactly like on pictures and clean. Receptionists were very helpful and polite. Breakfast is freshly cooked!!! 10 minutes walk to museums and Kensington Park. PERFECT LOCATION! ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or130-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny rooms, inefficient space, dirty walls, bad service","My room was tiny but that wouldn't have been a problem for me if the space was better used. Instead I could hardly move around or place my small bag & few things in the closet or on the floor.  The walls, floor & curtains were dirty; only the linen was clean. The corridors were really dirty like they've never been vacuumed & that was the case all the days I stayed there.  A male receptionist was sarcastic & laughed at me.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or130-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",One night,"Friendly staff, very good hubication, room clean, bed comfortable, bathroom fine. But, the room size, quiet small for two adult person, it was ok for me and my teenager daughter for one night, my room was to the main road the window will be better with a very good doble glasses. I will be back if I need to sleep in London solo, the hotel is in a strategic position with the tube not to far, and easy transport anywhere.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or130-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Bugs, used soap, and dirty walls.","First time to London alone, and I needed a cheap room close to the Royal Albert Hall. Unfortunately I wished I had paid more for a better hotel. The first warning was at the reception. Super easy transaction, great - but there was no communication or instructions. I had to ask where to find my room. And with very little information on the walls I was left feeling lost. The receptionist didn't even wish me a pleasant stay. I found this unusual, but the worst was when I walked into my room.  Small and hot, with stains on the wall, dust over the frames and floor, and worst yet... bugs in the room. Including the shower floor. I was in mid shower when two little bugs (they looked similar to cockroaches, with long antennas, but these were much smaller) ran across my feet. I could even…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or130-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Satisfied,More than Good enough for a simple stay in London. I was for pleasur trip. Well conected and nice neighborhood   The room was small but clean and nice so It was a pleasure stay. I will recomended for sure,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or130-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very good!,"Best location, great services and people. A small adjustment in the bathroom is accurate. We really enjoyed the accommodation. Close to the station, supermarkets and restaurants. We highly recommend it and will be back soon.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or135-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Our January visit,"Just an overnight stop but no problems. Welcoming, well presented and clean.We would certainly stay here again. Hotel is conviently placed for many London attractions. We were going to the Royal Ablert Hall",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or135-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,"Hotel looks good from outside, but has shabby small and old fashioned room. I realy can't recommend this hotel. During the night we had a fire alarm. We where wondering...Nobody of the hotel staff was there.                                                       ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or135-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",London,"It was very nice stay, close to subway station and bus stops. Also plenty of places to eat close by. The room was nice, clean and private bathroom working fine, cleaned every single day. Did not try breakfast because I used to leave very early in the morning, and I´m not hungry this time of the day.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or135-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor,"I've was here for a night. I'm very disappointed especially the place wasn't cheap.  Pros: Location is good, breakfast is decent.  Cons: Staff is clueless and very unfriendly, there's some kind of misunderstanding between the staff, internet is very poor at the rooms, there's no lift so you must carry your luggage to upstairs and during summer rooms can be very hot.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or135-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Jason Brown,"Stayed here with wife and 2 children, Had a very clean and tidy room with interconnecting door(perfect),exelant full English breakfast ,Staff were very friendly and helpful especially George the manager who went out of his way to help .WILL DEFANATLY BE STAYING HERE AGAIN",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or140-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointin,"Booked this hotel for one night. Arrived and first room we were 'sent' to stank of bad drains. Went back to reception and second room (on higher floor) seemed better but we discovered later because the window was open to let some fresh air in. Small room, but adequate. Bathrooms definitely have problems. Next morning got a knock on the door at 10.30 to say rooms have to be vacated by 10.00am. Never stayed anywhere in the world and had to be out by 10.00 - certainly weren't informed of this. Wouldn't stay again . Beware of carpet on stairs - highly inappropriate pattern for stair carpet and dangerous.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or140-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Served It's Purpose,"This is a great location! Had a triple room booked, served it's purpose and did the job, but nothing else. Bed wasn't great, no staff on reception at checkout time at 10am. Had to wait 15mins to put our luggage in locked storage, while the ""receptionist"" was on the phone! He clearly saw us, (3) along with an ever growing line of guests all wanting to either ask a question or leave luggage in. Disgraceful behaviour.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or140-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else!!!,"We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and were ‘greeted’ by the receptionist, who was very keen for us to pay and get us to our room. We asked about breakfast and we decided to pay the £7.99 required. The lift didn’t work, the room was tiny, and I just had a very bad feeling that I should have booked elsewhere. Right away we noticed that there was a noise problem with doors slamming right outside the room, and with noises from other rooms,  the air con didn’t blow cool air, everything was a little grim. We were only staying for one night, so we decided to say nothing and just get on with it. Then we realised that we didn’t know what time breakfast was at, so I went to reception to find it was starting at 8am. Since were were leaving at 7:30 this clearly didn’t suit, so I asked for…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or140-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Staff very helpful and friendly. Room clean with everything you would need,"Very good location with friendly staff.  Room clean with hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities.  Would stay again if in London for an overnight visit.  On a busy road but the room I stayed in was quiet and I slept like a log.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or140-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay ever in Hotel lovely location.,Very helpfull staff with amazing location all shops is very close to hotel. Waitrose and sainsbury is at a walking distance. Gloucester road and earls  courst station around 300m from hotel. Overall highly recommend at very affordable price in central london. ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or145-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling customer service,"I have booked many hotel's through Booking.com and have always been very happy with my choice, after looking at a few hotel's for London I decided to book with the free cancellation for this hotel ( I even read the bad reviews )as it was in a location to where we wanted and was only going to sleep there for one night. As I suppose many other people do, you still look just in case any other better deals come up, well I found a much better hotel, with good reviews in the same area for cheaper, so  I cancelled in the allocated time.....That is when the awful  customer service from this hotel started, my payment was pending in my bank account for 6 days ( never has this happened before) so I rang the hotel and kindly asked if they could return the payment, I was told that was no…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or145-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but nothing more,"Situated 8 mins walk from Gloucester Road tube station and 10-15 min walk to the Royal Albert Hall makes the location great. it is very well served with metro lines.   The hotel though is a big no no. Elevator didnt work. Bed was harder than rock. Pillows were the skinnies i have ever seen and they wouldnt give us any extra.   Staffs english was appalling. of course some was ok. You will see that there is no refund available ever, you will understand very fast why once you make it to there.  If you are not going to be in the hotel 90% of the day then its good but if not i would suggest you to stay away.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or145-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","New name, same hotel","I stayed in this hotel when it was called Cromwell Crown, but in general it's basically the same hotel with a different name and nothing has really changed. This time I spent 2 nights in a twin room and one in a single when my friend left.  The location is perfect if you want to go to the Royal Albert Hall (15 minute walk) and don't spend too much in a clean and decent hotel. Gloucester Road tube station is a 5 minute walk away and has plenty of cafes and restaurants around, including a 24h Tesco supermarket.  Rooms are not too big but they are ok. Bathrooms are quite new, but I had problems regulating the hot water and just got it cold (while my friend got it too hot). I think that the 2nd  room had a more cared for bathroom. The 1st smelled of pipes and sometimes it got till…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or145-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Night Ever,"My girlfriens and I stayed at Cromwell International Hotel in February 2018. The heating did not work, there was no warm water in the bathroom and hotel staff did not feel the need to do anything about it. After one freezingly cold night and 3 complaints, we were offered a full refund if we left. After leaving, however, the hotel lowered its offer to a 15% refund. UNBEARABLE!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or145-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not The Best,"Situated 5 mins walk from Gloucester Road tube station and 15 min walk to the Royal Albert Hall made it excellent location for me. That I assure you is the only part that was any good. Staff did not seem overly welcoming and one barely understood me.......english language. I was given my room key and told to use lift, that was the only time I used the lift. It was disgusting. Having reached my room I thought ok large room king size bed and not too bad overall. Within minutes there was a knock and it was the guy who checked me in saying he'd given me wrong room and here's the key to my room. Number B6 yes in the basement. Opening the door to go down into the basement you was hit with the very potent strong smell of cigarette smoke. It filled the hallway. My new room omg!!!! A…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or150-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell Int. Hotel London - March 2018,"Dirty room when arrived in the first afternoon, given to me not ready at all. The bathroom had a very bad smell and was necessary a technician intervention, after my request, to solve it. The room itself was not bad, very large. But out of the window there was such a dirty, never found in other hotel. The room, in addition, was behind the reception, so the noise was normal all night long, due to the other guests coming and exiting the hotel. The price has been good, and the position of the hotel very good near Gloucester Road tube. The personnel could smile something more to customers. Reception open h24. A useful big Sainsbury near the hotel. So, it's a mix of positive and negative aspects.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or150-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Average But Excellent Location,"I stayed here for 2 nights while visiting London with my girlfriend. We stayed in a superior double room on the 3rd floor. The room was basic but had everything you needed. Tea and Coffee making facilities, hair dryer, fan and TV. Had a small issue with the temperature of the shower it was coming out way too hot but the polite maintenance man showed us how it worked and after that no problems.  This hotel has been getting a lot of bad reviews and too be fair, what some customers are saying is true (marks on walls, outdated, tiny lift, slight smoke smell, etc.)  BUT for the price that it is and the location, it is excellent value for money. The National History Museum and Science Museum is just up the road (less than 10 mins walk) if you want to go further up the road you will…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or150-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Unbelieveably awful,"It is easy to complain about any hotel stay: we are away from home, and things are not always as we like them. For this reason, I am reluctant to give any property a one star rating. However, our night at the Cromwell International was so awful I find myself with no choice.  Our room was on the third floor. The receptionist showed us to the lift. (an ancient, slow, dirty and cramped affair) which creaked upwards and eventually deposited us at a small landing. Our room was 309. The room numbers on this landing go to 306 and no further. After trying several doors, and going up and down several staircases, we finally found 309 on a lower floor, apparently half-way between floors two and three. A simple plaque on the wall giving directions would have saved five minutes frustration,…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or150-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Just Terrible,I stay in London 2 nights every week. I don't write reviews normally because in London it is hit and miss. But I had to rite this review. Checked into a room that was occupied with someone in the shower. 4 hours to locate a iron and iron board. No light in lift pitch black could not see anything. Lock broken on door to room not secure. All staff I come across was like a faulty towers special.,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or150-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value,"I had a superior double room (2 single beds pushed together but I was on my own so not a problem this time) which was a good size  and clean. It was was on the 4th floor at the front, traffic noise was tolerable. The bed was really comfortable, there was only a light duvet but the temperature was just right so I was neither too hot or too cold. Minor niggles in the bathroom, no plug in the basin, loose grab rail next to bath, shower temperature rather unstable and no drinking glass for water. I didn’t bother with the breakfast which didn’t look great, but for my purposes it was pretty ideal.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or155-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Below average,"I got an individual room up in the fifth floor- the elevator only gets till the 4th-, which was quite small.  Wifi would only work at the reception. They said they were fixing it; but in 3 days they didn't. Breakfast was just average. would have expected something better with that price.  Not coming back",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or155-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Economic,"It isn't the best of hotels but it is well located as the subway is 10 mins away. The staff was very nice but we found a cockroach! Also, we didn't have extra covers for the bed although it's the middle of winter. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or155-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very small room!,"My room was two metres long by three metres wide, bathroom was half the size. No desk for working, i tripped over my luggage in the night. Walls rather thin so you can hear when people are in the corridor. Breakfast at £9 is a rip off.  BUT it's clean and safe and if you only need somewhere to sleep before movng on and you get a good rate it's fine.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or155-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",OBS! ,"This was a hotell with nice staff, but horrible rooms. The bathroom was freezing, the breakfast was nasty. Even my 6 year old girl spit out the pancake. Tried to call them for 2 weeks before coming, but there was never a answer!!! The one bed was like sleeping on bricks.... The shower was dripping and listen to it all night.... I made a complaint, but have of course not heard anything back. We asked for money back for the breakfast, but do not belive that they care unfortunately..... We will never come back! Liked the location of it, but there are many other hotels in that area we will choose next time. ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or155-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",disastrous,This place is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in.....please dont book it.....i pre booked a superior room....i got a box room....bed up against the window with condesation streaming down the window.....room 304......next to a lift where the door kept opening and closing ALL night....hence NO sleep.Bathroom dirty as was the whole place...wardrobes on a slant so doors didnt close....after a fuss got a better room for the next night....couldnt wait to vacate....breakfast terrible....Use your money and find somewhere better.....be advised....,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or160-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely Disappointing,"We came to London with my daughter and family for a special Christmas treat. None of us slept, as facing Cromwell Road, where traffic operates all night and windows were only single glazing, carpets dirty, you could hear people talking next door.A degree required to operate the shower—no instructions whatsoever, Water either boiling or freezing, no plug in basin. Bedroom curtain hanging off the rail ( at my request it was put right), dirty walls, worn out carpets, a really dejected feel around the hotel. I would never stay again.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or160-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and sub-standard rooms. Most disappointing.,"We paid £125 for our room, so I was expecting a comfortable and pleasant stay. Sadly, it was anything but. We experienced a catalogue of faults during our 1-night stay, and although the staff were friendly, they were unable to fix anything or refund our booking. Many did not speak fluent English, for example, did not understand the word ‘bath’.  Talking of which, our Junior Suite had a bath, but no bath plug. In addition, the button to switch the tap setting from overhead shower to bath spout was broken. So showering was the only option - which I wouldn’t have minded, if we had been told beforehand, and the room rate adjusted accordingly. The TV remote was missing a battery so the television could not be operated. The room phone was completely dead and even the hotel ‘s…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or160-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pay for what you get i suppose,Stayed here with my Wife and my twin girls for 2 nights. Situated on a busy London road about 4 mins from Gloucester Rd Tube. Fairly central for all London. The rooms are a bit ropey and need decorating but ok. Hotel states free Wifi however we had nothing in the basement which was really inconvenient and nobody could help us??. All in all the staff were nice and friendly . Breakfast is extra and the rooms were very quiet .,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or160-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London with the girls,Not a pleasant greeting on arrival from front of house who couldn’t speak English. Rooms clean but basic. Ok with that as it wasn’t expensive. My friend and I were sharing a double room so had twin beds. We had only been in the room a couple of minutes when we both sat on one of the beds and it shattered underneath us. On inspection the bed had obviously been repaired many times. We reported this to the non speaking front of house who managed to understand from our excellent miming our problem. A new piece of wood was fitted and the bed was mended. We were very happy with such prompt service. The following morning my friend went in the shower and the door fell on her. Completely dropped of it’s hinges. Again after good miming skills this was promptly fixed. I then decided to…,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or160-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Seedy hotal,"The hotel its self was fairly clean, but the shower was old and one could not regulate the hot and cold water. The heating was not working the room was cold. The only good thing about this hotel that it was central to where my sister lived in Palace gate. I would not stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or165-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Xmas sightseeing ,Stayed for 2 nights fantastic hotel 10 minute walk to natural history museum 10 minutes further to Hyde park 15 minutes more to Buckingham palace. Tube station within 5 minute walk. Lovely staff apart from lift broken. Well worth a stay xx,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or165-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel,"Good hotel, nice room and large breakfast with plenty of choice, the only flaw are the Windows, little bit air comes from outside. A part from that everything is ok. Nice staff and good position, very close to the sea. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or165-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Can't beat the location, nor the price, so naturally you ask, is this place to be trusted? Needing a one night stay upon arriving in London, I booked this place at the last minute for a fraction of the price of nearby Premier Inn and hoped for the best. The experience was more than acceptable and I'd go back.  My room was large enough for what I needed. No real view or daylight from the one window but the bed was large, clean and comfortable. Light fixtures all worked, there was a kettle and tea/coffee in the room, small fridge, bathroom, and desk/wardrobe. Everything was clean but the bathroom fixtures were less than robust, shall we say.   The shower head sprayed water in all directions, including up on to the ceiling (which surely will need replacement soon) and all over the…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or165-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for - a budget hotel,"The receptionist weren't extremely helpful or overly friendly. The room was extremely cold and we had to try and get the heater to work. The bathroom was arctic the whole time and the shower wasn't the best.The bedside lamps were barely clinging on and at one point a switch came out of the wall! The bed was two singles pushed together. As a result the edging of the mattress was extremely uncomfortable and the quilt was barely big enough to cover the sides. It was only for one night and was close to a tube station and The Royal Albert Hall, which was the only reason we stayed. We didn't eat or drink here. Not suitable for romantic stays, just a means to an end, you are paying to use (an uncomfortable) bed for the night.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or165-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good budget hotel,"Booked a single room for a short stay and despite the reviews I thought it was quite pleasant for the price. The hotel was very clean and bright, the decor was smart and the staff were welcoming and friendly. The room was on the top floor, it was quite small but OK as a single room. It was clean and warm, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was modern and clean. The only downside was the sounds from outside, they really do need new windows. The buildings opposite are tall and the street noise does bounce up through the thin windows easily but besides the occasional emergency vehicle siren it didn't disturb me. Overall as the location of the hotel is so good I would book again.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or170-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Simple hotel, clean and tidy, we decided to ignore the bad reviews","Booked for the night of 11th Nov 2017, Apx 6 mins from Gloucester Rd underground. There are a few local shops, coffee houses and a Waitrose. We were received by a pleasant receptionist with min. of fuss who insisted on carrying my case up to the room, no 112 on a sort of mezzanine floor between 1 and 2 at the back. Poor view, but we were her to see London. If we had paid more then we would have expected but we were here on a budget. Room was small with not too much storage space but absolutely sufficient for up to 2 or 3 nights. Bathroom was also small but shower was a decent size and shower had a strong flow and easy to operate. Both were clean and bed comfortable. The heating/ ventilation was easy to understand and operate to our requirements. TV only had limited channels but…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or170-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Our first stay in London...,When you enter you’re given one keycard to your room and a brief explanation of where it is (ours was “between 2nd and 3rd floor”) There are a number of things we were not informed of:  How to work heating so we spent first night trying out each setting to see what one would warm up the room The shower being broken The building work going on The inside shower door doesn’t open so someone has to open it from the outside The lift was temperamental  I went to reception to ask about a few of these issues and said they would send someone up. A few minutes later a person stood at our room door in casual clothing not resembling the hotel at all asks to come in to fix the issues whilst on the phone.  We specifically booked a Superior King room and received 2 single beds pushed together…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or170-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Pricy, bad internet, tiny single rooms, noisy and unfriendly staff !!","I booked 8 day stay at this Hotel during my November visit to London. Very unfriendly Indian, Romanian staff, bad internet service, very tiny single rooms,   The staff seem to be lost and clueless about customer service !!  Over all, not worth booking in this place, there are way better options around kensington near South Kensington and Earls Court tube station.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or170-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Neat and clean,"This is a basic hotel, no licensed bar and limited breakfast (expensive too @ £10/head) but it does the job really well. The beds are comfortable and the rooms clean. It is cheap which is its main selling feature. If you are obsessive and go around with white gloves I am sure you can find fault but why would you. It is convenient, within easy walk of the NH museum, V&A and Science museum, a bit further finds you at Harrods. It is on a good bus route (74) and close to Gloucester Rd tube. The view is awful from the back and Cromwell Rd is noisy at the front but location is great.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or170-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"I think we had been very lucky because I read The reviews and they seem to refer not to the hotel were I stayed. The receptionists were kind, we were on the last floor. We had to go up some stairs but it wasn’t a problem as the room was great: spacoius, new, well equipped with a new and very clean bathroom. (Check my pics). The WiFi was free in the hall. We had breakfast in our room with the kettle provided in the room. Moreover it’ close to Gloucester road tube station.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or175-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Never took the time to write a bad review but for this hotel I made an exception. Booked a superior double but the bed was to twin zipped together, not a problem except they weren’t zipped I had to do it. The bedding was for two single and didn’t fit and the quilts were like wafers. The bedside light only stayed on for a few seconds then after crackling with what’s sounded like a short circuit somewhere turned off. The curtains where caught in the track on one side so didn’t close properly. The shower was falling off the wall the lowest the temperature would get to was molten lava setting and the only way to turn the light off was to take the door card out of the wall so everything turned off.  Room service made the beds but that was all cups left dirty and tea/coffee not…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or175-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Average stay,I stayed for 2 nights. The room was ok and bed was comfy. The  hot shower was not function on the first day and they did fixed it on the next day eventhough complaints were made one day earlier. Wi-Fi connection were good.   It just 6 min walks for Gloucester tube station and about 1 min to N74 bus stop (in front of Best Western Hotel).  There are a lot of restaurants and cafe around the hotel/ Gloucester tube station; great option for breakfast or dinner,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or175-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel experience ever,"The worst hotel experience ever. Elevator was frightening, smell all over the hotel(mold?) was terrible, room/corridors/elevator unclean, not enough towels, unfunctioning shower, very small room, soundproofing of the windows=zero, one keycard for three... Location was the only good thing and cheap price. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or175-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and Shabby,I was put on the 5th floor...no heating in the room...the sash window did not keep out the noise out from the busy road I could not sleep for it...the curtains were filthy and hanging off the rail..she shower had mould on the grout and sealant. I was moved to another room but wasnt much better..no ventilation and no light in bathroom except for on the mirror which was very dim. I do NOT recommend staying here.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or175-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",First trip to London in years ,"A few slightly negative reviews but I found the hotel to be fine and I in an excellent location near central London and near to s tube station . Friendly staff . Great breakfast .but try pub round the corner from tube for an excellent cheaper breakfast ,",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or180-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel situated in the centre of London ,"We had a grate stay at this hotel  Lovely breakfast, cooked on order , clean sheets , large bathroom  The room had 2 large beds  Reception staff very nice  Quick check in and we ware showed to our room  We got tea coffee facilities, hair drier , toiletries , 2bath towels 1hand towel , shower bath math , telephone in room ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or180-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Only good thing is location. Ok if you are tolerant. ,"We booked this hotel as the photos actually looked pretty good for a low price central London hotel. The photos lied. I think we may have been given the worst room in the place (unfortunately I didn't take photos!).  We were on the 5th floor (dodgy old lift only goes to the 4th floor, if you're even brave enough to get in it!). The room was tiny, and I mean tiny. The small double bed was pressed against one wall, with the head of the bed at a small window. The curtains were grubby, needing a good wash and the window was relatively thin and barely blocked out street noise (which was very loud! Although I understand this is to be expected given we were in London). There was an odd smell as soon as we entered the room and we quickly found out a broken drain in the middle of the…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or180-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",There's a reason it's cheap,"Stayed for 3 nights recently,   Few good points  -location, plenty of options for food, very close to the underground and bus stops -price - modern/ refurbished bathroom.   Bad points  - possibly the most uncomfortable bed I slept on. Soft yet lumpy, no fitted sheets. Sheets and pillow cases change after the 2nd day and when woke up on morning of day 3 noticed the filth on the underside pillow case covers. Disgusting!!  - air con unit filthy  didn't risk turning it on - located on busy road, very poor sound insulation - very noisy from floor above, corridor and elevator -toilet brush (see pic) - no towels nor toilet paper left when room was made up. Was an ordeal when asked reception for more.   Listen I know, you get what you pay for but this place is really poor. Tiny…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or180-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but convenient,"The hotel was clean and reception staff friendly and helpful.I had booked an Economy Single room' so had no great expectations.However the room although compact was adequate  with a small shower. room,with a good powerful shower The breakfast on the first morning was not brilliant,staff were slow taking my order then there was difficulty getting a coffee.The 'sunny side up'eggs were overcooked and the sausages poor quality Omelette on second day was much better. . The hotel was well situated for Underground Gloucester Road.Bus stop close by and a number of restaurants.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or180-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and a great price,"I booked this hotel as it was ideally located for transport links and friends in the area. The following day I was off to the Strand for a meeting, so again - great location.  The staff seemed to be against it as some travellers had issues with their rooms, but my check-in, quick drink and the bar was seamless and stressless. No luggage, no children and no mates/colleagues  The room was clean but could have done with a refurbishment in the bathroom. The shower was a massive walk in one, but i noticed in the morning that it was not draining.  Just to re-iterate - clean, comfortable and friendly - perfect for the business traveller or someone catching up with a mate",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or185-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy and uncomfortable ,"Room was on the main road with inadequate double glazing. Very tired decor, bed uncomfortable, pillows poor. Not that cheap either. But it is very close to tube. They're not trying hard enough in my view, not a place to choose if you can get a deal elsewhere.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or185-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",'You get what you pay for',"Anyone who is staying here has chosen this hotel as it's a cheap, budget hotel.....just like I did. You get exactly what you pay for and we got a fantastic price on our 2 night stay. The hotel is in a brilliant location if you are visiting London, it's a 3 minute walk to Gloucester underground. We stayed in a 'King Superior Room'.....which is actually a tiny bedroom with an en-suite. The Double bed is 2 single mattresses pushed together but we're actually really comfortable. Clean sheets and towels both days. We got 2 great nights sleep after walking around London all day/night. We had the window wide open and no noise disturbed us. People looking for a lovely view in London are wishful thinking if you think you'll get one in a budget hotel....ours looked over another…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or185-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, just been renovated, we would come back","The closest tube station a  5 minutes walk is Gloucester road. This area is filled with shops, places to eat.   This hotel is currently being refurbished, we had room 405.  A good sized family room, double bed and single. This room has recently been decorated and updated. A clean bathroom with a good pressured shower. Plenty of fresh towels and a welcome towel origami. Check-in was quick as was check out, we had booked with ‘booking.com’.  Staff were very pleasant and helpful. We didn’t have breakfast, but it looked good.  We would definitely book again, I really like Kensington and enjoy the short walk to get into Kensington Gardens.  There is also a Best Western Cromwell hotel on the opposite side of the road just a few yards up the road. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or185-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Friendly staff, Needs maintenance",This hotel is in a great location: away from London's hustle and bustle but still very close to two stations.  You can get to the city centre in a few stops.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  The hotel needs some basic maintenance but staff was willing to help out whenever we had a problem. Good value for money when considering its location in Kensington.,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or185-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I stayed in-DO NOT STAY HERE-,"Definitely the worst hotel we stayed in, even though We had an upgrade as the original room ,that they checked us in ,was in the basement with a view on a wall and a ladder with an unbearable smell of mold . In the upgraded room , the shower needs major maintenance and the room needed a deep cleaning , and our main companions in the room were the ants. Because they did not have availability for the whole stay in the upgraded room they suggested a refund which we agreed immediately and we checked out on the 15 of July 2017. Well , till today no refund is received even though I have sent multiple emails with no reply , called 3 times and leaving my number.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or190-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing Hotel,"amazing place to stay in central London. staff  are very friendly and cooperative. most recommended to stay.  this hotel is very convenient to access transport of London and places like London bridge and historical museum. Our stay in Good Hotel London was the BEST! Great service, ambiance and facilities. The corner room which we booked was marvelous, a very spacious room with everything you need to feel home. Especially the amazing view over the water made waking up a lot easier. Friendly service and a delicious breakfast. They absolutely exceeded my expectations. I would definitely recommend Good Hotel to my friends and family.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or190-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Basic Accommodation!,"On arrival, checking in was OK, finding our room was another story we where directed to our room and  because of the fire doors it wasn't easy to find  and I feel that the 3 staff on the reception desk should show you to the room. A little bit of bit of customer service. The room was great although over crowded, less furniture in the room would let you move around the room. The bathroom facilities were nice but alittle maintenance to the toilet and shower fixtures would make it a better experience as they were falling off.  Would I stay there again?  YES most definitely",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or190-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Room? No, a closet!","Claustrophobic ""room"" more like a closet, a window with a view - no not a view - a wall. Butts from smoking marijuana just outside the window. Aircondition - not working.  Expensive! Not worth even half of the money!  PS. Breakfast not included in the price of  70 pounds. ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or190-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Charged me on free cancellation,I made a reservation in this hotel via booking. com (Booking number 1828776935) on free cancellation basis. I cancelled that booking within the free cancellation period but i discovered that cromwell hotel has charged my visa card with GBP -117.98 dated 19th of July by mistake. i sent them emails to correct that mistake and reimburse my money back but till now i got no reply !! i wish we resolve this issue soon  i contacted my bank and sent the issue to visa as well  any advice?,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or190-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Single room like a cupboard,"I've never seen such a tiny single room,  up three flights of stairs and down one with access to the lift often difficult. When I arrived, my key card didn't work so I phoned down and they asked me to come to reception which I refused to do as I didn't want to do the stairs again with my suitcase. Waited half an hour in the corridor before they let me in. My sister tried to phone several times without success. When she finally got through they didn't ring my room (I was later told the phone was broken). There was no cover on the toilet flush button. However, the room was clean and the linen was changed every day. I think the staff did what they could but they were kept very busy. I think I'd avoid this one.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or195-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,Shabby room curtains and nets were dirty. The bed was uncomfortable. We paid for a superior room which was more like a single with a double bed in it.  Breakfast was a sham. We were given the wrong breakfast . Burnt toast which we complained about only to be then given untoasted bread.  Only positive is the location.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or195-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad ,"This hotel is okay if you are only staying for one or two nights.  From the reception the place looked okay, we were given a card for our room which didn't work, so we were then given a key which was Just an inconvenience.  Our room was not made up and our sheets were not changed for 7 days and we were only given fresh towels once during that week.  The sheets on the bed looked old and were ripped which meant that we could see how old the actual doona was.  The shower was way too small and definitely needs replacing as it was very complicated on how to activate the hot water.  The lift is also very old and almost makes you feel like you're going to be stuck in it.  All in all the room needs small replacements which will allow your guests to have a pleasant stay at your hotel.  I…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or195-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Rundown, noisy, disinterested staff.","Stayed one night as planned as we would have cancelled if the stay was any longer. Lobby was rundown and in need of renovation and the reception staff weren't very welcoming or accommodating.  Room wasn't very clean with the carpet needing vacuuming, broken bin in the bathroom and a very noisy bathroom fan. Small size thin cheap towels provided with four towels for four of us one of which had to be used as a bath mat as this wasn't provided. If you are a light sleeper the traffic noise will make sleeping difficult.  Asked for a late check out which was refused.  I'd categories this hotel as cheap and cheerful despite which I'd expect the place to be in a little better condition. We won't be staying here again.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or195-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Scruffy and noisy,"Not a great experience for us: no welcome at reception, just handed a form to complete. No info on wifi connectivity, pointed vaguely to the lifts to go to our room, rooms were a good size but scruffy and didn't feel clean. Broken bin in the bathroom, not enough towels, and cleanliness was questionable. Seemed to have more staff than residents! The rooms were not double glazed or insulated and it was very noisy all round, coupled with building works next door. PArk hotel or the Crowne Plaza up the road look nicer.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or195-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Handy place for one night if your in that area,A handy place to stay if your in the Kensington are for the Albert Hall @ Museum's The room was adequate very clean . Comfortable beds . Looks lit it just been recently decorated . We were in B5 downstairs but was fine we were only in the room to sleep.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or200-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",I chose to forfeit 169 pounds to cancel my booking,"To be clear, this review is based on my interactions with four members of staff in the lobby and on the phone and didn't even see the room.   Arriving around 6AM off a long flight from Hong Kong, we were told in no uncertain terms that we couldn't check in until 3PM. I had requested earlier check in on booking and understood it was not a given. The subsequent member of staff gave us some hope that this may be possible, but a call around 11AM to enquire about the progress was the last straw. A girl who refused to give me her name challenged my claim that she was the 4th member of staff I'd spoken to and hung up on me.  I should have read the reviews.   I decided to cancel my booking for 4 nights, forfeited my first night's fee, and check in up the road in the lovely Crowne Plaza.…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or200-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",great value,"stayed 3 nights last December,  my self, wife and 3 kids,we paid 279 euro, great as a base when visiting winter wonderland in Hyde park, room was more then adequate,  very clean, modern, TV and a powerful shower, only about 200 metres from tube station, right in the heart of London,  plenty fast food across from hotel if you peckish! seemed to be lots of Italian families staying here on Xmas breaks in this hotel, nice crowd, no gangs of lads, boozing in this hotel, just families, couples, there was a tiny bar which was just selling bottles I think, it was never busy, would defo recommend this hotel as a base for exploring London,  great value",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or200-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",a nice hotel in a great position to explore London,"I travelled with my 16years old daughter to London for 4 days. It was an ideal trip thanks to Cromwell International. After reading the reviews I was a little bit corcerned and worried about what to find there. But all my worries passed when I entered the room. On the 4rth floor with elevator, room nr.401.  1) The position. An excellent position if you travel from Heathrow airport. You simply take metro line picadilly and after 12, I think stops you arrive at Gloucester Road station, and then after a 5 minutes walk you will find the hotel at Cromwell Road.From there you can get to almost everywhere you want to explore London and all its beauties, Museums, parks etc. National History museum and Science museum as long as so many others are so close. You can walk to find them for…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or200-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A little tiny mini room,"Well the position is nice, not to far from everything...but in my opinion way to expensive for what they offer. So Breakfast : nice, fast refilling ...mostly 2 kinds of breakfast Rooms : way to small...and the bed...in double rooms the bed is for 1 person...i barely have room for me and my boyfriend to sleep in ( and we have 50 kilos and 75 kilos). The bathroom...small also.... And because of the street a little bit noisy...but that's...ok lets say. And i recomand for eating: Argentine Steak ...( very very good)",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or200-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go there !!!!,"Iam sorry I don't have photos to saw you ! But don't go there , the worst hotel ever !! Dirty, smell , old , unfriendly staff .better stay in the street than ther !!! We pay this hotel but we go to another to sleep!!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or205-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for one night stay,The hotel was reasonably priced and in an ideal location for my business trip.  Good points: Room was a good size and comfortable.  Air conditioned rooms  Bad points:  I have stayed in cleaner places. I was put in basement room which wasn't great Layout of the hotel was confusing and was not given guidance on how to find my room. The room I had was next to a utility room of some sort and was noises through the night.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or205-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Gem of a find,"Stumbled across this hotel and couldn't really believe the price in comparison to other hotels in the area. So glad I chose it! Location is fabulous with lots to see and do within 5-10 minute walk. Tube station 5 minutes from the door also makes getting about London very easy. Definitely the selling point is the location. The reception itself was pleasant, I was greeted by friendly staff who could tell I was in a hurry and checked me in very quickly. Front desk staff were very courteous. My room was a bit hard to find, but once I did I was very pleasantly surprised. I was travelling solo so didn't expect the room to be as large as it was. Unsure if it was intended to be a double or not. Had everything you would expect a modern hotel to have. Bonus was the bathroom. Very large…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or205-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible place....find somewhere else to stay,"Awful experience from start to finish and we was only there for 1 night.upon arrival the almost non english speaking receptionists (which there was 3) they gave us 1 single room key (we booked 2 singles) after a bit of tutting and showing them our booking confirmation we got a second key.....now the fun starts. No one to show us the rooms just a ""through that door attitude""  so 2 rooms on separate floors,no big deal if only we could find them. 20 mins later in a maze of halls with very few directions for room numbers. Into the rooms we enter...bloody hell,didn't expect much but for a hotel in Kensington,very disappointed (great view of a brick wall, pigeon s**t and very dirty windows)   Anyway following morning for breakfast,a very relaxed attitude from the 1 member of waiting…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or205-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, terrible room","This is a tricky review to write so I'll summarise: Helpful staff, apart from the receptionist who booked us into 831, a tiny basement room with a small window overlooking an area where a washing machine had been dumped. It was difficult to find the room via a warren of stairs and corridors until we reached the end of the line, so to speak. Expensive - £204 for one night which included a portion paid by hotel vouchers Comfortable bed and revamped bathroom but little sleep with the underground rumbling away just beneath you.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or205-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",only stayed 2 nights thank goodness,"Check in was OK , wasn't given very good instructions on how to find our room ended up going around and round trying to find it , ended up asking someone we found in an office to be told we had initially gone through the wrong door(after  instructions from receptionist). When we found our room we were not impressed ,it was in the basement its smelled of damp and we had a large patch of damp on the wall. The bed was two single beds been put together( which wasn't a problem ) with a quilt that didn't cover the top of the bed, so me and my husband only had a piece of quilt each to cover ourselves. The room was very clean but looked tired , The hall ways looked even more tired with broken hand rails and scruffy carpets, and dirty laundry bags left outside our door . Also we could…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or210-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again would I book this hotel ! DO NOT BOOK FROM A CUSTOMER SERVICE OR SAFETY POINT OF VIEW,I booked this hotel almost ten months ago as a surprise for my soon to be hubby to see Phil Collins on his birthday 7th June. Rather than book 1 night I thought we would stay 2. I chose the hotel for its distance to the albert hall. I looked at double then spotted superior was only £20 extra so went for superior. I didn't read the reviews before hand and being a trip advisor reviewer thought I will make my own assumptions. As soon as I had pressed book and sent email asking for extra pillows the invoice came through for two rooms double and superior. I notified the hotel immediately by telephone and by email and was assured initially the second room would be refunded. That was never to be. The hotel had a no cancellation policy...They did not understand there had been a mistake…,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or210-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected given the reviews,"Clean room and bathroom. No particular problem to report. Checking-in went fine. Too much noise from the road, I usually prefer hotels on quiet streets but none of my regular places were available for this trip.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or210-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't feel safe ,"I stayed here for one night for work. Now I know I wanted something cheap and arguably that's what I got!! When I arrived a very flustered and rude receptionist ignored me for about 5minutes, I was then asked to fill out paperwork and then take a seat... when called back to the desk I found that my paperwork with my personal details on it had been left on the desk for other guests to see/read! The room was basic but no real problem with this. I had a balcony (an advantage for some im sure) however the lock appeared to just be a bit of wood with the paintwork coming off it! This made me feel very uneasy about safety. The bedside lamp was hanging off the wall. The bed had broken springs so not a comfy nights sleep and the bathroom had bugs in it!! The shower also wasn't great, the…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or210-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel,"The hotel was clean, comfortable and the staff were pleasant. The bed was very bouncy but there was a very big window next to it that you had to climb onto the bed to open and close. It was quite dangerous as I could have easily fell out of it. I hope they don't put children in that room(304). I don't know if all the rooms on the front are the same.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or210-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very good for the price,"We found this hotel was absolutely fine. You need to remember that we are talking about £80 for a night in a central London location. The room was small, but clean. The staff were friendly. We used it to stay after a concert in the Royal Albert Hall. No problems! ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or215-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",4****,"Hotel was clean, room was lovely and bright. Had looked like it has been recently referbed and was all good. The hotel rooms weren't really in a order and there were no signs to tell you where the rooms where.  In a great spot too for restaurants and the tube station. Staff could of been a bit more cheerful though! No faults with the hotel at all. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or215-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Nice Stay, Staff ok but not great.","Me and 3 friends shared a junior suite here when we went to Europe. The suite wasn't bad at all. Very clean and the beds were comfortable. The wifi wasn't terrible either. Bathroom was a good size as well. The suite had a loft and we had 1 king and 1 queen bed. The staff was ok. Not overly welcoming or warm but not rude, they just seem like they are getting through their day. The one thing I definitely didn't like was that one day, when we came back from sight seeing there was a group of staff sitting on the stairs leading up to our room and none of them would move as we walked by. That was kind of rude especially for being staff member. I didn't think hotels would be keen on staff just lounging around on the stairs but maybe the management was out on this day. Overall it was a…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or215-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Standard hotel, better than reviews","I booked it for the bank holiday despite the fact that I had read the reviews and they were all looking pretty terrific. Before we got there we even joked that we had booked ourselves a s*** hole.  Either because we were expecting the worst or because we were not that picky at the end we found that the hotel was not that bad at all. We got there and the guy who checked us in was nice and thus we checked in without any problem.   When we got in the room (we stayed in the 2nd floor), the room seemed nice, modern and the mattress was comfortable. The bathroom was modern and more or less clean and they had left us shampoo and gel.   There were obviously some things that could be pointed out like the ceiling of the bathroom was a bit dump, the shower door was a bit loose or maybe…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or215-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Rude, rude and rude ","I would like you to stay away from this hotel , the one member of staff I spoke to Oviedo was obnoxious and rude. My son and his friend booked this hotel 2 weeks prior to their stay and received a confirmation email, upon arrival they were informed that no booking had been made and were turned away by the very unhelpful Oviedo. The reason they booked this hotel was it was within walking distance to a medical admission exam they had the next day, as if that wasn't stressful enough had to walk around to find another hotel at that time. Once informed of the situation I rang the hotel and spoke to Oviedo who could not be bothered to even give me a reason as to why they made a mistake with the booking, he was very rude and unhelpful.  Never will I book to stay in this hotel and will…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or215-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in Central London,One of the best hotel in the world. Everything was perfect and i thoroughly enjoyed my stay in Cromwell international Hotel. I can see so many negative reviews about this property that are factually wrong and misleading. Newly refurbished rooms with all the amenities are there for you! if you don't believe me -- try it yourself !!!  Highly recommended and i would definitely stay there again,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or220-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",better than reviews,"We booked our Easter trip, then read reviews. Out first thoughts were, we have booked a 'hell hole' . No such thing... we stayed on the ground floor, the room was perfect the bathroom was clean and modern. The furniture was in good condition it was quite. The staff were helpful and polite. We did not have breakfast, but others were tucking in as we past. Our only complaint was we had book a accessible room, but we had not been allocated one so, we had to lift our wheel chair up five stairs. We were helped the first, time then we done it our selves, but having said that we were told to call them for help. But that was our choice to do it on our own. All in all this hotel is fine, as far as we are concerned it is a great location, its easy to get a taxi being on the being on the…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or220-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled by the cheap price,"My expectations for any hotel I book is that it is clean and this hotel gave me anything but that.  I was booked into a ground floor room and it took me a while to get into it. This was because I had to make three trips to reception for them to give me a card that would open the door.  Not a good start.    Once I got inside, I could smell the mustiness from the bathroom which was overpowering. I had a look around the bathroom and was gob-smacked at the dirtiness and general state of it.  Rusty rails, extractor full of muck, dirty shower and the shower head looked like it was a health and safety risk. I feared that my son and I would contract Legionalla if we were to use the shower.  The shower sliding door was also hanging off the rail.  Outside the bathroom, the room was so…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or220-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","The location was ideal. Just a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station. It was within walking distance of the Science and Natural History museums and the Victoria and Albert museum.   There are restaurants and shops nearby.   It is close to Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, the pier for boats to Greenwich.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or220-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel we have stayed in, ZULEMA worst worker","I cannot even say one positive thing of this hotel. They mixed our rooms, they gave us 2 staff rooms as they did not even know where to send us to sleep. Zulema, the spanish worker took twice our payment and we are still waiting for her to give us 300 euros back after 2 weeks. I have never met someone as irresponsible like her. She does not even answer our phone calls anymore. And talking about the room, the mattress is absolutely awful, you can feel every single dock of it all over your body. They do not even have heating in the rooms so they are proper FREEZING. Besides, rooms are very noisy because they face the street, it looks like the rooms have no windows at all so you can hear every single noise of outside.  Staff never smile, they are rude and not polite, they should…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or220-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Customer service,Although I have not yet stayed at this hotel I have never been more happy to have my room cancelled by them. After calling and having some staff laugh down the phone I would never stay in a place that would treat customers and future customers like that. I really do feel like I had a lucky escape I would wish that on anyone,Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or225-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we have stayed in,"All my reviews on places so far have been positive, but I'm afraid I cannot say the same about this place. On arrival, we weren't even greeted with a smile, & the receptionists could hardly speak English (I would expect more in England). They gave us our key card and didn't give us any directions to the room at all, let alone show us to our room! We didn't even know the number of our room as they didn't tell us! We had to go back to reception as it was so confusing and they looked at my partner like he was stupid. The room itself was a disappointment. Sheets didn't stay on the bed, the walls are so thin that you can hear everything in the rooms next to you and the corridors. The kettle was hidden in the wardrobe, with no plug socket to plug it into, so we had to boil it next to…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or225-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, we were disappointed and expecting to find Basil Fawlty behind reception!","I booked this property a few months ago as it was perfectly situated for our visit.  We booked through booking.com as the price was great for our budget and it was an even mix of positive and negative reviews.  Just wish I'd checked the reviews a bit closer to our travel date as I would have cancelled!  We arrived at around 2pm and as check-in is 3pm we sat in the bar until then.  Our room was in the 4th floor, so we took the lift.  Error in judgement there!  Lifts never bother me but this one scared the life out of me, my friend and I honestly thought it was going to break down.    We booked a twin room, so we were pleasantly surprised that there was a king-size (actually 2 singles pushed together) and a single.  Upon initial viewing of the room it was nice, two downside…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or225-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Stayed here in february 2017 for a city trip to London. The location is great, which is the best thing I can say about Cromwell Crown. We (couple, no kids) paid for a queen double room that was in no way worth it. The room was so small two suitcases could not fit on the floor space. It was superficially clean, but the windows (single glazing so fairly noisy) hadn't been cleaned in what looked like a year. One of the towels we were given had a yellow stain on it!   The staff did not speak English that well, which became apparent on our first night when the remote did not work. The receptionist smiled and nodded but did nothing. The next evening I went down again, talked to a different member of staff and they sent up someone who did exchange the remote, but kept chatting on his…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or225-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy..cold room...,"We travelled to London as a family and had a suite plus 2 double rooms booked The suite was cold , no heating working so we were given a blow heater. The noise from the road was terrible because the windows were drafty and old  The view from one of the other rooms was out to a backyard used by the kitchen where a bag of potatoes weee outside for the 3 days we stayed The other double room was a bed with a bed not much bigger than a single bed and mattress was over hanging the base There was mild in ceiling and my daughter complained and were moved to what the guy said was the last room available which was like a matchbox . I was given a complaint form to get a refund of some of my over £700 it cost for 3 rooms but one month later and I never even got an acknowledgement from…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or225-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not fair to rate this terrible...,"We wouldn't call this place ""terrible"" by any stretch, however it's not great and I probably wouldn't choose to stay there again. Why?  Because firstly, even though it's near Gloucester tube, it's still a bit of a trek on foot to actually get to the hotel, not good if you are older or struggle in any way but ok if you are young and fit as it's not ""that far""... (about 8 minutes walk from station)  Upon arrival, there were 3 people at reception. Not one of them greeted us when we walked in. They were civil, but not overly friendly in particular.  Secondly, hotel advertises that rooms come with kettle and hair dryer. Neither were found in the room. Had to phone reception for both - to their credit, they were quick to provide both...  Another issue is the lack of any decent wifi,…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or230-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Lack of maintainence and organization mar this establishment.,"Our Superior King room (312) was far from superior! I had to wash under a running tap as the plug devise would not work in the basin, the wall lights were literally falling off the wall, the shaver socket didn't work and it was very difficult to fill the kettle with an over-large tap flowing into a tiny basin. The two single beds squashed together left little space for one of the occupants to reach the bathroom and the bottom sheets would have benefitted from being fitted. The window was loose so it was lucky the weather was quite mild. We did not risk the shower!!! We recommend that you take breakfast elsewhere...there is a good Garfunkles just down the road... as this hotel would give visitors to this country a very strange idea of an English Breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or230-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good experience!,"One of the best things about this hotel is the fact that it is situated in a superb location at the heart of the city and can connect you anywhere. Also i was really delighted with the service provided by the staff, they were extremely helpful and made our stay worth it. The room is not bad and the housekeeping staff did a pretty decent job.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or230-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst Hotels I have ever stayed in...DO NOT STAY HERE,"DO NOT PAY UPFRONT!!! The beds were terrible and did not even have fitted sheets, infact our King was 2 twins pushed together without any attempt to make them look like a king. The room (309, King Superior, Back corner of building) was COLD! We complained constantly about it, and were told this room was known for being cold...but NO SOLUTION! (the tried to give us a small heater which literally did nothing). Also, the lift did not go onto our floor, we had to take it to the 2nd floor, then go up a flight then down a flight of stairs. The walls are paper thin, and construction was happening right outside our window (Jan18-21,2017 was our stay), so no sleeping in past 8am. Also, none of the cleaning or hotel staff speak English except 1 gentleman (who was the only person there who…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or230-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful experience, avoid at all cost!","Avoid this hotel. The hot water did not work for an entire day, and when it finally did... The roof above the shower literally collapsed on me. Besides injuring me (not the coolest experience of all!) the staff never replied to my email complaining about what happened (I left very early in the morning, as I couldn't afford to miss my flight). I am attaching photos of the shower and its roof, so it will be clear this is not a ""made up"" review... A decent hotel would have refunded me (or, at least, apologized), but they probably do not care about their customers satisfaction...  Spoiler alert: you make money out of customers, so - if I were you - I would rethink your overall strategy.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or230-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,"I think because we had one of the new rooms it was quite clean, so no living things!  But our room was very tiny, we were told that breakfast was chargeable and there was no coffee facilities in the room.",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or235-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Wont rush back,"Arrived later than planned due to the tube strike, room we were shown to already had occupants luckily they were not in the room when we entered, we were given a new room which looked nice and clean though baking hot. Most side lights didnt work, not the end of the world but not good. When we eventually got the shower working (which had no hook to hang it) the water didn't drain, reception sent a maintenance man within about 10 mins which sorted the problem (a gunky hair filled drain as no cover over hole). Our nice large dbl bed was two singles pushed together and two single duvet covers. As the room remained at a balmy 28°c duvet not needed. Bed was surprisingly comfy. We were given breakfast, but just ordered toast and had some pastries. It was ok no more no less. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or235-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but not great,Booked here for New Years Eve at nearly £200 for the one night with no breakfast.  Good points: Bed was really comfy  Had everything we really needed  Room was ok- it was small but its London its going to be small Location  24hr reception   Bad Points: Bit dirty- there was some sort of brown rust/mould I don't know in the bathroom near the shower  Staff were very odd- not exactly welcoming  No breakfast included was annoying but there are plenty of places to eat around the area  I would stay again however I would make sure I get a superior room like the one we had because on the way out we saw a non superior room and it was absolutely tiny so just to not feel claustrophobic I would go bigger.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or235-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","This hotel has a serious Cockroach  problem, you will not be alone!!! horrific read reviews","The stay was extremely unpleasant; firstly we were not the only guests in this room, both mornings we were greeted by cockroaches in the bathroom. Never in my life have I experienced this not even when abroad.   Secondly the shower was not working; the water was actually boiling with no cold water and burnt my daughter.  Finally the kettle was also not working.   My whole stay was an absolute challenge and very disappointing and extremely unpleasant.   PLEASE READ OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT THE LARGE BEETLES I WISH I HAD.  The issues above were reported  to reception, who’s only response was “ooh”, which again I find this absolutely unacceptable.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or235-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fine!,"I was pretty worried about checking in once I'd read the terrible reviews on here, but I had nothing to worry about - it was fine! The room was very big and clean (it wasn't spotless, but pretty much clean).  There was a big TV, a hairdryer, tea making facilities and complimentary toiletries - I was not expecting any of these! The shower was nice and hot.  The lift was very old-fashioned but worked fine.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  It's not somewhere you'd go for a luxurious stay/to enjoy spending time in the hotel, but it's a great location and perfect for sleeping!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or235-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and modern. Nice staff,Great location budget hotel. I arrived late (11pm) and was checked in promptly by staff. The Romanian staff were very friendly on checkin and when I left. My room looked like it had been recently decorated and was clean. The communal areas were clean/smart. I'd stay again.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or240-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The most disgusting place in London -beetles friendly! ,"I don't know where to start, but I will try to focus on the main aspects. In a nutshell, THIS PLACE SHALL BE SHUT DOWN BY HEALTH AND SAFETY!  The room was disgusting, with insects, crocroaches everywhere, mould, noisy af.  When we complained (an hour, the receptionist found it totally acceptable to just spray something on the beetles and that's it) they offered another room where there were blood stains on the floor.  After only 3 hours of complaint in the middle of the night I managed to speak with the manager on the phone who even dared replying that he had a life and he couldn't do anything because he couldn't see the beetles with his eyes.  We left in the middle of the night because we couldn't bare staying there a minute more, but I agreed to meet the manager the morning…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or240-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away From this Hotel!," Hotel staff moved our luggages and personal belongings to another room without informing us when we were out sightseeing.  We were in total shocked when we came back in the evening to find out about it. The receptionist who handed us the new room key told us ""Is her last day and is not her problem"" when we prob further about the issue. I had to lodge a police report. Is a horrific experienced!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or240-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",3 Days in Cromwell Crown Hotel,"It was very pleasant, the room was kinda small but it had everything we needed, and it was clean (very important). Just 3 min from the subway and near the center... A place to consider next time I return to London. Good money value.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or240-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID!!! 'd have given it 0 if I could!!,The hotel was disgustingly dirty and quite frankly unhygienic.   On arrival I paid for extra room wifi which did not work which had to be refunded.   The room was a disgrace.  - Food on the wall (or something similar of a red colour - perhaps even skin!)  - hair on the pillow - pen on the pillow slip - Mold round the shower - dirt and grime round the bath  - stains all over the floor  It was just simply unclean and not something I was able to stay in.  I raised a complaint with reception (as was required in writing): - no more rooms to move me to - no cleaner to clean up the room (which I would have been more than prepared to have waited for) - no manager to speak to - I therefore asked for my money back so I could leave to be told it was non refundable  This room was booked on…,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or240-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nothing more","I have tried several hotels in London during the past years, for now it is the less terrible I've stayed in but I am not saying this was a good one anyhow. We had to wait until 3 PM o-clock (and we were there at 2:45), we knew the check in was at that time of the day but we thought to just leave the bags there and leave to come back later: there was no place to leave our things, so we had to wait for the room to be ready. Also the staff was not to nice and helpful. The elevator is scary and small (the doors seems to big for the inside of it...very very scary), I took it only because we had the room at the 4th floor. About the room:  - pro: we booked a double and we got a triple, so the room was really big; bathroom bigger than London usual standards - cons: overall not very…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or245-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and somewhere to sleep,"If you are looking for a cheap hotel just to sleep in London, this hotel fits the bill. The rooms don't have much space in them, but the bed was reasonably comfortable- warning - there can be a lot of stairs to climb to get to your room!",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or245-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroaches,"I have so much to say about this hotel but I will summarize as quickly as possible.  We unfortunately stayed here two nights and couldn't bear the third. When I checked in, they made me pay up front (red flag) and then, after taking my money, they told me I couldn't actually check in for another three hours!  After finally checking in we get our room and the lock is broken. We get a ""manual"" key in  the interim that we leave at the front desk when we leave. Little did we know that this key is then thrown in an old metal tin that the poor receptionist has to spend ages digging out when we return.   In addition  to other problems which I'm sure my friend will detail in her own review, the final straw was the collection of roaches, beetles, and their friends we found in the room…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or245-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, location, place to sleep - that's it.","The Cromwell International is best suited to those on a budget and looking only for a place to sleep and shower - which is what my partner and I wanted as we are travelling for a few months. Having low expectations certainly helps when staying here and for us it served its purpose of being somewhere to sleep and wash, we spent most of the day and night exploring London and only returned to use the bed and shower. Speaking of the bed and shower, nether of them were fantastic. The shower doors were misaligned and did not shut properly which meant water leaked out onto the bathroom floor which was quite dangerous as there was no bath mat provided to step on once exiting the shower. There was a drain in the middle of the bathroom floor thankfully to take care of the water issue,…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or245-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid....,"I know it was cheap... But basic things you expect... Room to move in your bedroom... Towels.... Bedside lights not falling off wall... Door handle on bathroom door, no black, black, black mould in shower... A shower head that stays on.. Clean carpet.. Just to mention a few..  'Double Superior Room' - heaven knows what a basic room would be like!   After one night, with a lot of cajoling, and extra £56, we changed rooms. Size so much better... Family room as two double beds. But... Towel rail half off wall, broken flush, curtain half off rail, broken standard lamp, broken glass on window, stained bedding, and the duvet.. That should have been binned about 10 years ago!  The only redeeming feature was that we found the beds very comfortable.  Staff... Well when they could…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or245-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel poor staff ,Stayed at this hotel during a short stay in London. Cannot fault the room it was cosy enough for me and my 5 year old. However the reception staff on arrival made us feel as welcome as a bad cold!! No effort made to make us feel comfortable not even so much as a 'how was your journey'. I was told my room number and that was it. I wasn't pointed in the direction of the room. Which is like a maze to find anyway. Fire alarm went off early hours on both nights of our stay.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or250-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Unfortunately very bad experience,"Honestly,so so disgusting having shower in this hotel and so bad,i really dont want to describe it. Very dirty room,very dirty toilets. Come on guys 2016 and so bad hotel? Location was ok. Reception staff could be better...",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or250-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","First Impressions Great,but then.............","From the street the hotel looked really nice. Slight confusion as the name of the hotel differed from the sign outside? Walking into reception , it looked really clean and modern with several clocks above the desk depicting several time zones.  Should have realised right there and then that standards were slipping as I think 3 of the 4 were not working. Anyhow the girl on reception was really pleasant but lacking in good English and communication was difficult. We were shown to our rooms, we were a party of 2 couples, and we were both on the ground floor. The room at first glance looked OK, basic but clean. We threw our luggage in and went straight back out again. We asked at reception in which direction was Hyde Park and the receptionist pointed in what we would assume was the…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or250-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money.,"On arrival the East European Staff have very limited understanding of the English Language.The Room was only a single person at best and they expected two people of mature age to sleep in a very small bed,I had to ask for towels there weren't any. The Breakfast was okay but was covered in some green powder which I could taste for most of the day even after cleaning my teeth and chewing on gum and don't expect toast they have no idea..Please shop around for a better deal.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or250-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Sometimes, it is listed as Cromwell International Hotel","Good location in a not too busy area, 5-8 minutes to super market, restaurants, Gloucester Road tube station with Piccadilly line, District and Circle line. 15 min walk to Victoria & Albert Museum. Hotel decor is passable, receptionist try to help, bed mattress is too soft and thin. They provide breakfast for 7.50 pounds each. A kettle with packages of instant coffee and tea bags. Wifi is free at the lobby but small fee for wifi in room.  London is expensive and you get what you pay for. This one is easy foe the pocket.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or250-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,Good for the price. Simple but very comfy. You habe all the necessary.  They changed my room because I did not like it. They were really kind.  Safe place and nice for tourists Few minutes by tube to city center.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or255-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",September weekend visit,After booking this online and reading the reviews on the site. I paid in full and then checked TripAdvisor reviews and was horrified and immediately wished I could cancel. Thankfully hotel was clean and didn't reach the lows of the reviews. On the negative side shower was burning hot and couldn't be turned down enough to shower a child safely. No hairdryer provided either which was very annoying. Staff helpful and friendly.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or255-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Can't complain...,"Reading the reviews after i had actually booked was not wise. But despite the reviews on here being vastly negative, I stayed here for one night and have to say it was very pleasant. Staff service on front desk was quick and polite, rooms were clean and of a decent size. Comfy clean bed and no noise. Ok yeah it's very basic but for £65 and a perfect location for museums/albert hall/tube station I can't complain. It might be a lottery depending on what room/floor you get, but based on my recent visit i'd stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or255-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE,Terrible hotel -  Rude reception staff - Dirty rooms/carpets/beds.  This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  The Staff were very rude.  I could not agree more with all the other negative reviews.  We paid for breakfast for 2 days.  It was terrible. The waitress almost throwing crockery on tables and serving cordial in place of juice. This experience was so bad it was almost laughable.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or255-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay here if you can't afford anywhere else ,"Ok it's £55 a night two minutes from a tube that's 15 mins from central London so in some respects you can't grumble on the price.  It's clean but it's run down. Mattress was dirty though and springs were bare.  Reception is a bit of a wreck but the lady was pleasant. Room is ok, trying quite hard but shower is a joke to work and water pressure is low so sink tap in bathroom dribbles water down back of the unit and onto the floor.  Walls are paper thin.  I looked for a low price, got one and regretted it. ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or255-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"I asked for a room on one of the lower floors after finding out that the lift only goes to the third floor. After arriving at my single room and opening the door to find it was only big enough for a bed, no wardrobe or anywhere to put clothes. it was like a scene from Fawlty Towers. Lots of sockets at the end of the bed, the bed itself just slotted into the room as there was no space at the top or bottom of it. Also had to be careful of the light on the wall that was practically sitting on my bed! As for the bathroom, it was so small that you had to be careful not to crack your head on the sink as you sat down. No soap, hand towels, or bath mat, or glasses. When I asked the staff for soap, they said yes we'll get some for you, it never appeared. The staff were friendly but…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or260-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",'Not bad',"Received with a friendly welcome to the hotel. The hotel was as expected, a bit of a weird layout, had to work through a maze to find room 307.Room was basic but spotlessly clean apart from screwed up tissue in sink and floor, looked like it had been used to buff the taps ect. Reception staff very helpful and efficient and polite. Not anywhere as bad as expected!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or260-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Experience,I stayed with my family in this hotel. I was quiite hesistent seeing the reviews but i had a good time here. The staff was lovely and was helpful. The breakfast was very tasty and had choices. The location is very convinient for most tourist locations. The wifi was a disappointment as it wasnt working most times. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or260-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever,"When we arrived last week on a Sunday/ Bank Holiday first time in London. They did not accomodate our check In time & usually most hotels are. Ontop of that, wifi service was not Working for 48hrs which caused huge inconvienence for us. They offered no compensation WhatsSoEver! Crappiest management customer Service. Room was decent, washroom vent was not working, really thick hot duvet, no top sheets. I would never ever stay here again. ",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or260-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",advice to travelers: expect nothing to ensure your never disappointed,"When booking this hotel I read overwhelmingly negative reviews, upon entering the hotel  I understood why. The staff is poorly managed and things are very disorganized. Our room was small and even though  things were newly remodeled many aspects of the decor, furniture and pratical aspects of the building were either broken or just plain weird. The room was quite small not good for family's or those that suffer from the fear of small spaces but then again it's Europe. On the positive side it is in a wonderful neighborhood between Chelsea and Westminster. Restaurants  and the underground are right around the corner. If you plan on booking a budget hotel in a good area this would be the place just don't expect much.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or260-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Low quality, good if you are looking for a camping experience in the center of london","At first sight the hotel looks nice and comfortable. Do not get fooled. The AC in the room does not work (There is a remote but I do not think there is the actual machine in the room). Although they must know that their AC does not work, they do not provide a top sheet unless you ask, only a heavy duvet. Also not provided: hand towels, washcloths, a glass for the sink, bath mat or tissues.  Wifi service is extra, even if you pay it is not guaranteed that it will work for the whole stay (we spent two days without the service). In the bathroom in the morning you can find some friendly little animals welcoming you to the shower (cockroaches).  The shower did not work, for the first time in my life it happened that only hot water was available. Temperature control is impossible. …",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or265-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best experience,"Pros: *convenient location to tube, restaurants, groceries *good internet connection (though we paid 5 pounds for this service) *fairly quiet *friendly front desk staff  Cons: Our family of four shared a room with two double beds in the basement the first night.  Musty smelling, bathroom was a bit nasty and window looked out some central area that was filled with scaffolding (and as another review stated, felt a bit questionable in terms of fire safety to me personally).  The next evening, my husband looked into getting two rooms (one for us and one for our teens) so we could have bigger beds and a bit more space.  The front desk was very helpful and gave us two new rooms (in place of the one room) at no extra charge.  Our kid's room was great (though did have some street noise)…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or265-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",cconvenient for museums,stayed here last year for one night and have booked again as its convenient for visiting museums and theatres as the underground is just 5 minutes away. the rooms are minimal but good value for money.  beds are comfortable and rooms clean... if you are on a budget this hotel is the place to stay,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or265-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel near museums and Hyde park,"I needed hotel which was near Imperial colleage and this hotel was affordable, hotel with very good price for my stay (reservation by booking.com). Check In/out was o.k. and quick. Room was very small for 2 persons. Room was very simple - for undemanding host. Bed very small and bed mattress was old and destroyed. Curtains and windows were dirty. View of the busy and noisy road from window but already you can experience London city at you room because always you will hear taxi, fast sport cars and much more from the street. Clean and small bathroom. I had room for 2 persons. One small cabinet for your clothes. Room without irons and kettles for your coffee / tea. Staff was smiling and friendly. A little older elevator. The staircase was better than the elevator. Wifi only in the…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or265-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","KEEP AWAY, RUDE STAFF","Worst place i have ever been in my life!!! Cockroaches in the room, been served cold breakfast and reception staff cannot even understand or speak 50% english !! One of the receptionists also told me today morning that she only does little services because shes paid small money! Well i dont care ! Its a hotel in London and staff should be speaking english better than i do !!!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or265-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",chalk and cheese,"the hotel we arrived at was nothing like the advert on a well known booking site. there was no one to help with our luggage, the staff were all europeans who could hardly speak english and I think we had to tote our luggage upstairs on our own. The room was more dingy than beautiful. The whole place needed a bloody good overall and refurbishment.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or270-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",If you love bugs and cockroaches....,"Our first and last stay at this hotel !!! Something positive, well some of the staff were very nice . But.... The first night I woke up and discovered all sorts of bugs at our bathroom and after putting all the lights on also in the whole room including our bed 😫 We didn't sleep much after that !!! We told the staff about the bugs and showed pictures of them and asked for cleaning. That we got but just average cleaning since there was still dirt on the floors and cockroaches...We bought poison for the bugs and slept the last 2 nights with the lights on. There was also a bad smell at our room and I got allergic symptoms, maybe due to the fillthy carpet and/or the mold. The hotel was cheap but not enough cheap for these inconveniences. We can't recommend this hotel to anyone,…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or270-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Okay place.,"My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to stay for a weekend getaway in London. Staff were extremely unfriendly. Rooms was just okay and not extremely clean. Location is great, extremely close to the tube. But will choose a different hotel next time around.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or270-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Stay away, simple as that","To start with the positive the location is good if you are coming into London from Heathrow, as you can take the tube to Gloucester Road. Sadly there isn't much more positive to say about my stay here.   When we arrived the toilet hadn't been cleaned properly. Under the toilet seat there was big spots of what seemed to be remnants after someone throwing up. Not a good first impression. The lamp next to my bed did not work, and I had to move another lamp to my nightstand for light. Just to make things better the socket came loose when I pulled out my charger from it when leaving. Overall the electrical work seemed a bit dodgy, although I'm not an electrician so take this statement for what it is, my personal impression. We only had breakfast once at the hotel, ordered a full…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or270-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Just on our way home from London having stayed 3 nights at the Cromwell Crown (International) Hotel. Arrived late at this hotel having been given wrong directions and ended up the opposite end if London!! Check in was quick/efficient. Managed to purchase some drinks from the bar, although they had no ice? Didn't use reception again till leaving, other than to request a remote for the tv, that was missing. The lady promised to sort but we never did get one?? I could have chased up I suppose, but hadn't gone all the way to London to watch telly and we coped. This hotel is in a fab location (20 mins down the road is Harrods)! 10 mins away to the tube station (Gloucester Road) into central London. We would stay again if the price was right.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or270-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A LOT OF ACTVITIES,"We were in this hotel 10 days and I can say that is exellent. Who need luxory hotels it isn't it. All offer is very good but is not luxury. Thay more give attention for animatons for all guests, so I and my two kids have never played games in my life. Waterpolo, valley beach, table tennis, footbool, latinos dance and much more. Food is good and thay have it enough, rooms and hotel are clean, internet is low but for using wiber is enough. I stay there in time European football championship and we wached football match and consum a lot of Mithos beer so atmosphere was fantastic. Staff are kindly and profesional but guys from  animation team are fantastic. Recommended for familes with kids.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or275-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Six days with small family,"We spend there six nights. The location is perfect just 5 minutes walk to Gloucester metro station. We booked junior suite ,it was very nice - two levels- with direct view to Cromwell street also the room size was perfect for my family.But the stuff was not friendly they always looks busy also we get noise from the street.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or275-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"The hotel itself is very shabby although it looks as if some effort has been made recently to improve it...there was a smell.of paint on the   stairs! Our room, on the top floor, was perfectly adequate however the smell from the drains was appaling. The lift was archaic and didn't reach our floor which meant carrying cases to the next level. On the plus side it was very quiet, we had a window that opened , the hairdryer was powerful and it was close to a tube station.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or275-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the price,"Me and my daughter went to London for the weekend and stayed at the Cromwell Crown. Once I'd booked it, I looked at Trip Advisor reviews. If I'd of read them first, I wouldn't of booked it however, I'm glad I didn't. It was convenient and clean and the room had all the basics needed for a weekend away. It was a tiny room but it's London so what do you expect? For the price I paid, it was perfect. The staff were polite and friendly too! I'd be happy to go back! ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or275-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not as much of a horror as we thought,"My boyfriend booked this hotel before reading the reviews on here and was worrying about just how terrible this place would be, but to be completely honest it isn't nearly as bad as expected.   We went to British Summer Time at Hyde Park on the Saturday so only stayed the one night. The location of the hotel is ideal, we managed to walk to Hyde Park and back easily within half an hour, and Gloucester tube station is only a short walk down the road, with the centre of London only being a few stops away which was ideal for some sightseeing on Sunday.   The staff were friendly enough, although they did seem a bit disorganised. We arrived at the hotel at around 2:00pm, and check-in was at 3 so we left our bags in there locked closet whilst we went out to kill some time and find a…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or275-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Basic just about covers it,"Check in took absolutely ages. It took about 20 minutes for the check in process.  Apparently telling them your name and showing them the email confirmation with booking reference wasn't enough.  The reception area looked nice enough but once you leave to find your room, (we were not given directions to the stairs or the lift), then you see why the hotel was cheaper than others in the area.  The lift was archaic and could barely hold 3 people.  The decor was extremely dated throughout.  The room was tiny.  The bathroom was nice enough (maybe needing a touch up).  The bed was under the window which was single pane in a rickety wooden frame with cracked glass so the noise from the street was annoying and the draught was dreadful.  The window could be opened completely onto a ledge…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or280-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Nice place, shame about the service.","Stayed here for two nights, with two friends. On arrival we were not given the room which we had booked. Said they didn't have a room like the one we booked, until I showed them our booking details. They eventually gave us an adequate alternative which was clean and comfortable. However one of my friends had face cream and other items stolen from the room. She made it known to the staff on duty who showed little interest. Apart from this lack of care/response, the hotel itself is clean and in a great location.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or280-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay again!,The room we stayed in had a horrible toilet smell! The showers mainly came out cold! Service wasn't great and the breakfast was minimal and clearly microwaved. The only good thing was the bed but wasn't good enough to warrant another stay there.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or280-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Almost racist. Appalling customer service,"I always believe reception staff are the first impression you will get of a hotel and they should be friendly, approachable and polite. This certainly was not the case here! I arrived late at night to the hotel with my boyfriend for the front desk man to ask me to fill out a form for UK and oversea visitors, name and address etc. I filled it out and handed it bk. Without hesitation he slides it back and says ""you've filled out wrong section, you need to fill out overseas"". Only because I am Asian does not mean I am not a UK citizen! I am absolutely applauded and he didnt feel the need to even apologise. The next morning on checking out, three members of staff are at front desk, one is biting her nails staring into space and the other two chattering away in conversation in a…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or280-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful !!,"We booked for a 3 night stay in April, after arriving from Australia we were told we would need to wait until 3.00pm fair enough but not helpful. As we were checking in another guest was trying to get assistance from the receptionist, her list was extensive of her issues but appeared reasonable, we noted none of her issues were addressed, so we were concerned. We checked in and were put downstairs in the basement struggled to get our luggage down the narrow stairway. The room was cold, our view was scaffolding, that was dangerously close to our window, there was only one towel. The cleaner opened the door and walked in on us to say she hadn't vaccumed the room yet, she said it didn't matter it looked clean!! While this hotel was well priced we were not prepared for how bad it…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or280-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Customer Service and Rude staff,"The ones are small, basic but clean and what you would expect for a budget hotel.  However, the staff were so rude and unhelpful.  We arrived at 1.30pm after a very long flight.  We had a family party arranged for that afternoon so needed to get changed very quickly.  However, we were told that we would not be able to check in until 3pm.  We explained are circumstances to the Receptionist but she just laughed at our situation and wasn’t prepared to help.  On a separate occasion I asked if they had a iron in the hotel.  The Receptionist once again laughed at the request and informed me that there wasn't.  I cannot believe that their wasn't an iron in the whole hotel as this is a basic necessity for anyone on holiday.  The Receptionists and staff would openly talk in front of you…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or285-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",One night wonder that was serviceable ,"Our room was clean and tidy and did the job for our one night in London. Close to Gloustar Road on the tube it was perfect for seeing the city sights. A short walk to Kensington palace. Stamford bridge the home of Chelsea a short walk in the opposite direction. Staff accommodating enough. Wifi only available free in the reception area, needed to pay if you wanted it in your room. Try not to get the 5th floor, lift only goes to the 4th and with a steep staircase to negotiate carrying the case had a couple of issues. Hotel in a nice area with eating places nearby. Any longer than 2 nights I couldn't handle the small confines of the room. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or285-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre at best. ,The staff were cold and unwelcoming. Would a smile have hurt? 3pm check-in time saw the foyer littered with guests just waiting for their rooms. Loose fixtures and fittings in the foyer made it look dilapidated.   The room itself was clean and in pretty decent condition. Honestly have no complaints about it. The only issue was   two towels per room are not nearly enough.  Was supposed to get a king size bed but instead it was two single beds (with two single duvets) pushed together.  Not a big issue but still not as advertised.   The elevator was cramped and a remnant from the seventies from the earliest. That's when it worked. It was out of commission as often as it was working which left a five floor trek to get to your room. ,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or285-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",visit to Chelsea flower show,"Nothing can describe this hotel except very tired in bedroom and bathroom. doors hanging off wardrobe,lights not working etc,2 beds pushed together to make double,bedding very poor and matress cover would not go amiss,  generally poor maintenance all round,They only provided 2 towels per day, had to ask for more plus bath mat.   Very limited tea,coffee,and milk.The only good thing was the staff in general tried very hard to help and the price was fair.. If you are thinking of this hotel be prepared to be disappointed as you will find numerous things wrong (the  view from our room was onto a solid brick wall 4 mtrs away!!). Breakfast expensive if you only wished to have hot drink with toast but the full breakfast was good  value",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or285-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,"Budget hotel, does exactly what it says on the tin. Room small but cleaned daily. Delivered everything we needed for a 3 night stay. Fabulous location. Underground almost on the doorstep. Lots of food outlets in the area, sainsburys across the road.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or285-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",OK for a bed,"This hotel was a reasonable walk for a healthy person to the Real Albert Hall, Science Museum and Natural History Museum. There is also a tube station in 5-10 minutes walk.  The staff are all very friendly but I did not find them helpful or to that point efficient. The room I stayed in was of an excellent standard even if it was let down by the poor condition of the on-suite which had broken floor tiles, was dirty and had an unpleasant odour. Breakfast next morning was of a poor quality and to be honest I have had better in a local supermarket and cheaper. My opinion it is one of the cheaper hotels suitable for a one night stay but get your breakfast somewhere else!",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or290-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Budget I'm sorry it's not even that good,"Where to start if I wanted Internet then it was £5 regardless of the time spent at the hotel which is fine if it worked. Then there was the room better description would been a broom cupboard with an on suite. Five minutes after booking in I could hear voices outside my door which at first I thought other guests that were looking before their rooms after five minutes the voices got louder until I opened my to find that there were three men who had ripped the floor up outside my room. Then there was the racket that the next door people were making children running up and down the stairs and sometimes it sounded like they were demolishing the room next door. You would with it being children that it would stop at a certain time but no, this went on until the small hours and started…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or290-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",As expected ,"As expected, it was small and in need of maintenance! Our night lamps and ensuite extractor fan didn't work. The staff weren't rude, but certainly weren't  friendly or helpful. Stairwell is steep and narrow. Bed was 2 single beds put together. They only provide 2 towels, so nothing to dry the floor or wash with.   The area was nice, felt very safe. A few nice eateries nearby. Not a massive tourist hotspot, but metro is close by.   For the price we paid it was acceptable, but doubt I'd be staying here again.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or290-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"I would not even recomend this place yo my worst enemy. Small, dirty and smelly with an old barely working elevator that doesn't even go to the top floor. The day we arrived we turned the AC on and on about 2 minutes it shut down, that happened a few times so we decided to complain. A ""handyman"" came to our room, made some hand gestures since he didn't speak any English and then left. We  went 4 or 5 times to the lobby to complain and the staff really just didn't care, ""yea it's broken in the whole hotel, will be fixed tomorrow, I will call them to see when it will be fixed"" are some of the answers we got, well atleast I think that's what they were saying cause they barely spoke any English. I hope someone reads this if they are thinking about staying there and reconsiders other…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or290-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very budget,"General maintenance of hotel and rooms very poor. Hidden steps a hazard. If you are not able to carry luggage up flights of stairs you'll have a problem as the lift is inadequate. I found the staff tried their best but their English is very limited and some hospitality skills were missing. Our room smelled especially the bathroom, the fancy rainfall shower with separate body sprays and hand shower, only the hand shower worked. There were numerous other faults with our room, broken lights,cushions, lamp shade and someone had obviously punched a hole in the back of the bathroom door at some time or other. It was no good complaining as to explain all this would have been difficult or ignored. They have obviously tried to upgrade this hotel in the past were it probably looked OK ,…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or290-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel was good,"Hotel was good, the room was very clean everyday.  The only 2 things that I didn't like are :  1) no mini fridge in the room so you can cool some water. Never went to a hotel when there is not any mini fridges! 2) some furniture was a bit wobbly (the wardrobe) and some furniture handles broken  But considering that we only used the hotel just to wash and sleep, it's ok, will go back next time :)",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or295-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Average but good location,"We liked the location (close to station and heaps of restaurants) and thought the price was reasonable. Like many hotels in London the room was a shoebox. We stayed on one of the top levels, note that the lift doesn't go all the way up! The staff were ok with us and we didn't really have any issues. They were nice enough to allow us to leave our luggage at reception on our last day. The wifi only works in the lobby which is slightly annoying but manageable. You get what you pay for here, don't be expecting luxury but it's good enough for a short stay.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or295-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",T,"Location good very close to main tube and shops and cafes. Organisation from hotel staff poor and lack of. Room poor, too small , no central air con working. WiFi weak. Only plus was shower head in bathroom.  ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or295-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroach stay,"Hi at first glance this seemed a bargain until we came back to the hotel to sleep and found a cockroach in the bathroom. This would not have been too bad but the response from staff was useless we had to catch it and then explain to the handyman what to do with it. We tried to complain to reception but was told only the manager could do anything and that they only start after 10 am, we had to leave by 8.30. We left details but have heard nothing 2 days later. I can only conclude that they are only concerned about the money and not about the problem we encountered. The customer is not King here.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or295-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful staff and very very noisy,"The staff were very rude and unhelpful. The cleaners and maids made a lot of noise right outside of our room every morning from about 7/7:30 and we were visiting London for a relaxed chilled holiday - we didn't get that!!!! The website states when you book there is free wifi and this is only in the lounge, the robbing horrible miserable staff want you to pay to have wifi in the privacy of your own room. Our bath had several cracks in and the shower was covered in limescale which also meant my hair got wet when just having a quick shower as the water was going in all different directions. There was a huge gap between the floor and the bottom of the door which not only let a lot of light in, it let a lot of noise in too. The bed was huge and looked good on arrival but we soon…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or295-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, needs a good overhaul.","Splendid location, near Earls Court station. The building and equipment though need an urgent update to modern standards. When it's windy the curtains billow into the room, mind you, with the windows closed! Not to speak of the noise from Cromwell Road that has no problem roaring into your room through the centimeter-wide spaces left open between the window and the frame. Not to mention the banging of the same window when the wind gusts. Good bed though, reasonable bathroom, staff very much doing their best. I easily sleep through traffic noise, except the occasional ambulance or police siren. I would probable go back, because the price was OK too.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or300-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"Needed a bed for one night in London as I was going to the Royal Albert Hall. Ideal location ,just a steady stroll away. Had problems with the electric door lock but staff were very helpful. Only downside was the smell from the bathroom which appeared to be the central drain on the floor. As I was only staying one night I could cope with it. Cannot comment on the food as we did not have breakfast. When I need another night in London I would stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or300-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",terrible place,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, very unfriendly staff, claims to have free wifi but when i reached there they told me it was only for the lobby and I had to pay for the usage in the room, the room itself was very small, the heater was a noisy old box without a regulator, had to turn it on when it got too cold and turn if off after 10 mins when it got stuffy,shower door was broken, and the room does not lock properly. would never recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or300-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Blood Stained carpet,"If you like hotel rooms that have a one-foot margin of space around the bed, a long narrow hallway that 2 people could not pass by walking sideways and fresh blood stains on the carpet, this is the place for you. DO NOT stay here.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or300-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",avoid,needs housekeeping looking at the place needs a good clean it is very tired and needs up dating and cleaning kept to a good to high standard when done.staff could do with some training in customer services and replaced,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or300-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Central for our requirements and reasonably priced........,"We had booked tickets to attend the Masters Tennis at The Royal Albert Hall on Saturday December 5th so decided to get a couple of days ""up town"" just to do the tourist thing and double this with the tennis. So we were looking for a reasonably priced hotel, just bed, because we wanted to have the freedom to eat out when and where we chose. This hotel took my eye as they offered us just what we wanted. We travelled up by train and after finding the hotel were pleased to see that they would hold our luggage until we wanted to book in. This allowed us to venture out and explore for a couple of hours. Our room was rather small but comfortable; warm enough and plenty of hot water for the shower. No complaints here.  On departing the receptionist asked if we would like to leave our…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or305-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Basic ,"Stayed here early February. Great location. Beds were comfortable. TV worked and there was a lift (only to the 3rd floor, we were on the 4th). That's about all.  No Wifi in rooms. Shower head was broken. Drain was blocked. Windows were broken. And lights switch was broken.   We did mention these issues to the reception.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or305-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights & was quite impressed. Check in was fast & looks a nice hotel from the reception area. Hotel has had a refurb recently by the looks of it. The hall way had a brand new carpet.  Room was nice small but was fine for a few days had storage for clothes,a tv & its own bathroom. The bed was very comfortable & the room had its own heating that was just right. We had a room at the back of the hotel so no noise from traffic. The bathroom was all new but not done to the best finish but still good for the price we paid. The only downside was the damp/drain sort of smell in the bathroom but if you shut the door it was fine.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or305-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel for good price and good service!,"The hotel is not boutique but is a good hotel for good price,and have a free wifi, tv in the room, and if you want something frm the service tell and they give you what you want! I be very happy in this hotel , and i love it! only that there are smell of cigarettes in the corridors.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or305-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hoping they've fixed the Wifi,"When we arrived the Wifi (which is only in public areas) wasn't working. Admittedly, this was early January so I trust the issue has been resolved by now (I've only just returned home). Wifi is a necessity not a luxury.     Just a note about the bathrooms - before you have a shower, lay out your rubber bath mat (we found ours in the cupboard under the bathroom sink), I'm not joking, the floor is extremely slippery once wet. If you don't have one ask reception because it's a safety hazard.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or305-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK VIA EXPEDIA OR BOOKING.COM,"I looked at this hotel by the above-reserve now pay when you arrive-to discover they have taken the money from my account-by both companies £79 on one and£89 on the other,i reserved on both 3 other hotels,have been using this method for years ,and no problems,i spoke with my bank(Barclays) to be told they have placed a reserve on my money-never heard of it before-but the money was debited from my account and held in reserve!!!! I will get on to the above companies BUT BE AWARE!!!! I AM JUST ONE NOT A FAMILY !!!!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or310-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Summer visit,"Good for short stay, central, everything you would expect for this price. Stayed with two adults and two children in family room. Room was ok, even though signs of water leakage under carpet in living room. Street outside noisy, but very near to tube and city centre ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or310-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling ,"This hotel is appalling, we were situated directly next to the kitchen which was highly noisy and the air conditioning did not work leading to very high temperatures throughout the room, we paid more for a later check out at 2pm and confirmed this twice with the help desk clerk only to be rudely disturbed at 12.30 and told we had to leave as we only had until 12pm.. the manager was extremely rude when speaking to us and I would not recommend staying here! The staff were vile ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or310-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable,It's not a luxury hotel but staff are friendly. It is clean and comfortable. The position is great. Windows could do with double glazing to reduce traffic noise but otherwise it's good value for money.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or310-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Stay,I was apprehensive about staying here after reading some reviews but it was actually really nice. The staff were friendly and our room was really lovely. Cleaning was in every day and our towels were changed when we left them on the floor as requested. I was unwell whilst here so spent a bit more time in the room than expected but because it was so comfortable I didn't actually mind. The area is really nice and the metro is only 5 minutes away. There is also a lovely diner down the road to get breakfast in. Overall I was really happy with my stay here.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or310-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,Staff at this hotel are more concerned with keeping their nicotine levels up (usually in the front entrance) rather than attending to their guests and making up rooms. Our room was actually quite nice for what we paid but we shared with a friendly mouse and paper thin walls meant it wasn't family friendly!,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or315-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing stay,"Really accommodating staff! We loved the water feature in reception, and the bathrooms are beautiful. Sabrin is such a lovely, friendly, welcoming lady. Highly recommended. We really appreciated the complimentary prosecco. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or315-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and good service,"Excellent location and good service, is close to underground station and bus stop, located in a quiet and very nice neighborhood. The great room service and the care of well educated and friendly welcome. I recommend and return to host me for sure.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or315-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced and Not good,Stayed over New Years at this overpriced sub standard hotel.  At checkin would only give out 1 room key for 2 of us. In the bathroom there were no bath mats or hand towels.  The Foyer also smelt.  We needed to checkout by 6 30am to catch a early flight and needed to wait 15mins for reception to appear to hand back our 1 key.  Positive the room was clean and beds comfortable,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or315-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Booked a family room for my Husband, myself and 19 year old Son and Daughter to stay New Year's Eve. On arrival we had 2 adjoining double rooms, one far larger than the other, Very awkward sleeping arrangements as no spare duvet available to provide some privacy. Rooms were just outside the bar/restaurant next to a busy kitchen! The kitchen staff's Music and talking were very loud when they were banging about early Morning preparing breakfast. Paid £190 for one night room only. Only one towel and skinny pillow each. Tea and coffee and toiletries provided but no hairdryer. Decent bathroom, but shower actually too hot! Small draughty window with a view of scaffolding poles in an internal courtyard. Great location and nice to be able to leave luggage whilst exploring. We wouldn't…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or315-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Location nice staff,"Few steps away the Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum, Harrods , ect.  Staff is very friendly. Overall the hotel is of average level, rooms are comfortable but cleanliness is not the best.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or320-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Stayed here in June 2015 for Wimbledon, the hotel location is great within walking distance of major attractions and close to a couple of underground stations. The hotel itself was nice, service was OK which you'd expect from a London hotel. Rooms were quite small though so not much space to move within the room!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or320-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, needs to be bigger ","Upon arrival me an my girlfriend were met by a receptionsit who spoke very little english, however spoke polietly and checked us into into our room promptly. We were staying on the fifth floor and had to climb he last two stairs as the lift only went to third floor which was a bit of a pain but nothing which would put me off a hotel. After unpacking in a very very small room we made our way downstairs to explore London, however this was when i was put off completely from this hotel. Greeting us was around 25 eastern Europeans sat down lining the stairs, this was extremely intimidating for my girlfriend and I could only assume they worked there an was taking a break. All in all this was a very small hotel, cheap and rather unwelcoming. Stay here if you want to save money and…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or320-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap and nasty hotel, AVOID","I booked this place on booking.com, knowing that it wasn't going to be the fanciest hotel. However, this hotel hit a new low. Sure, the location is great. But everything else is rubbish. Firstly, the customer service: it took forty-five minutes to check into our room, and when our room key didn't work I was asked (rudely) what I did to break it. Then, our sink blocked and we had to ask FOUR times over THREE days to finally get it fixed, with no apology from the star.. The room itself was microscopic with a small (more like a king single than a double) bed with every spring felt. Front room faces a very busy road, can hear every honk and truck passing by. Only had two towels in the bathroom (i.e. no towel mat or hand towel). Wifi only worked VERY slowly in the foyer, and even…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or320-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",cromwell crown hotel experience,"the bed was so small I had to curl up to fit.. no mini bar , no water in the room. one towel for all needs.. I asked for an UK adapter for mobile phone and receptionist lady was so arrogant saying it is none of her business to find one.. doors were hardly opened and closed.. no sound proof in the hotel so you can listen all night the neighbours and can't sleep.. I believe this should be rated as a hostel not a hotel. so poor and bad conditions.. worst hotel in UK I have stayed !!   눇I like the room was so small, so you dont need to heat it !. also there was only 1 single towel, so you are not bothered to think which one to use for your face , foot or body!..and room was to small so if you are having problems with your wife/husband it is a great chance to get closer .. the…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or320-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, good price and great location ","Couldn't have asked for better. We stayed for 3 nights and our room and fresh towels and bed sheets everyday. Room small, but we expected that for the price and location. Hotel staff weren't overly friendly but we didn't have to interact with them much anyway. Only down side is that they refuse late check out or early check in, leaving us at a loose end at the beginning and start of our trip. Apart from that, no problems! ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or325-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",NO WAY!!!! ,"Start by saying I'm not a fussy person, this hotel is really terrible. First, most of the time the wifi doesn't work, they know it but they don't do anything to fix it (are you kidding me?). Secondly, me and my boyfriend were in the room G1, the one actually in the hallway. It is probably even illegal to put a room in there! Every time people go through the hallway, the doors make a terrible noise and it's like this EVERY SINGLE MOMENT. Then, there are scaffolding outside the window (which is all dirty) and a lot of pigeons making a bad noise too. The receptionists aren't so nice and especially the boy with curly hair speaking Italian is absolutely inappropriate for that job. When we arrived at the hotel and we entered in our room, the light of the bathroom wasn't working. We…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or325-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very helpful staff,"After booking.com cancelled our reservation without informing us, the staff at Cromwell Crown were very understanding and accommodated us in booking us in to a different room for the same price that we initially were to pay, plus an upgrade to the king size room!!  Rooms were basic but clean and spacious, along with a nice, clean bathroom with hot shower. One thing I would recommend is to bring your own pillow if possible (quite thin with one pillow per person) There is a TV on the wall along with tea and coffee in the room. We didn't try the breakfast. The hotel is in a great location, 5min walk to the closest underground, and some lovely restaurants close by.  If you are looking a basic room (somewhere to just rest your head at night) at a great price, this hotel is ideal.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or325-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",we're lucky?!,"We stayed here 7nights,it's good. I looked someone said anything bad about here.I was afraid about our room.But it was not bad,hot shower come out smoothly. The room was clean and simple,not nice.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or325-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell Crown - 4 nights (Fri-Thu),"Our room has had everything what you need to stay for a few nights - comfortable bed (just one blanket together, oh no), really nice bathroom, wardrobe, TV, kettle with tea and coffee bags and sugar and milch. I missed a radiator - in room there was only little heater. We didn't know how to switch off lights in any other way than pulling out the room card, so you cannot heat your room by heater during the night (when the card is out and the electricity does not work) :-D  Hotel has very thin walls. We heard everything has happened in the neighbour room.. Really everything.  The view from the first floor on the back side is not pretty - you will see just black and dirty flat roof of the ground floor.  Breakfast is really tasty - but when we was late (not from the beginning of…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or325-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Third Visit,This was our third visit to the Cromwell as we find it to be very conveniently situated. We found the staff to be very pleasant. We had emailed and asked for a room with a bath and on an upper floor and this was provided...as too was the soya milk...eventually! The room was quite small and it would have been nice to have had a second chair but it was clean and adequate. There was a very limited number of teabags and they were not replaced! But these are minor niggles...all in all we were satisfied.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or330-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value and Good Location,"we have stayed a number of times at the cromwell crown, and this time, after the recent refurbishment, our experience was as good as ever. the hotel, is 5 minutes walk from glouscester road station.  we really enjoyed staying in this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or330-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Go somewhere else for customer service!,"Of all the staff that we meet, only one smiled or offered any attempt of service!  The standard response to any enquiry is no or we'll get back to you and nobody does. The maintenance in the rooms is poor, with only 50% of the lights working and when it was raised the comment was well get someone to look at it whilst you are out and of course nothing happens.  In a family room for three, there was 1 towel each for everything and if you want a hairdryer do not look in the room as they do not exist!  The only positive thing was the shower and the hotels location, other than that there is little to positively say!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or330-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Budget but ok,"Location: Good Room:     Ok Bathroom: Nice Staff: Some could have had their English improved. !!  Elevator: Unreliable Noise isolation: Poor, both from street and other rooms. Breakfast: Not value for money, 9,99, they sell for 6,99 down the street. Wi-Fi: Slow, and strictly in lobby !!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or330-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Average Hotel. Great central, convenient location","The room was very large and very basic. The bedside light could not be turned off so it was unplugged. Bathroom OK but absolutely nowhere to put anything except on a closed toilet seat, Yuk!  Shower great. Reported that our door lock was insecure, part of it was missing. Staff said they'd attend to it if there was a problem. Nothing was done. Whilst sitting up in bed one evening, there was only one (1) chair a woman opened the room door. Don't know who had the biggest shock. Great location for museums and a lot more and a good price for time of year. Breakfast at 10GBP each a bit pricey so went nearby at better value. Staff helpful in arranging an alternative taxi when our booked one failed to show.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or330-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",I can't say a kind word about thisHotel,"I booked this superior double room for a reason - it was our 30th Wedding Anniversary.  We arrived at 5:30pm and eventually given the key to the room.  We were not shown the room, just instructed on its whereabouts.  On entering the tiny cold room, we selected the control to warm the room - this did not work. We were also disappointed that the room did not bare any resemblance to what I had booked in May.  We informed the duty clerk on reception, but were told to discuss this the next day.  4 lights bulbs had blown, there was a hanging cupboard which would not accommodate dresses,2 hand towels, the heating didn't work, the bathroom smelt from the drains and bed was small;  no desk, no bath, no telephone, no chairs, no decaffeinated drinks available - told these would be provided…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or335-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel... plus,"The Cromwell Crown is right in Kensington so very handy. It is a budget hotel, but the bed was comfy, the shower was huge and excellent, some free toiletries, towels fine, clean, tv worked... so hey why is it budget... well cos for £70 in London it is good value.  The room is small, being a bit of shuffle round the bed, but hey i am not having a party.  I asked if they had an iron in the room and the answer was no! And not even sure he could get one!   ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or335-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Loved this hotel. Great staff, let us drop our bags off early. Great location, walking distance to Kennsington. Very friendly and clean! Very close to tube station- walking distance! Will stay here next trip! ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or335-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Royal Albert Hall,"This is a very basic hotel. and suitable for a very short stay.  The double room had a 3/4 bed and a single bed crammed together.  We were in the basement and there was a draught coming through the window.  The tea and coffee was hidden in the wardrobe and  only enough to make 1 drink.  The bed was comfortable and the room was clean, as was the bathroom.  There is no lift to the basement.  Its is close to Gloucester  Road tube station and a few minutes walk to the Natural History Museum and 20 minutes from Royal Albert Hall.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or335-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Poor except for location,Was there a few years ago for 3 nights. The location is great and the exterior is fine but all the rest is pretty dodgy. From giggly staff to poor breakfasts to unsealed windows to rooms which are not soundproof.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or335-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting hotel considering the average London hotels,"Hotel with a good cost benefit considering other hotels in London. Do not expect much finesse but it's no dump. Spacious, clean with daily cleaning. As the hotel is located on a main street, the street noise sometimes becomes troublesome. Employees strive to sate our needs.....are not the greatest sympathy of the world but were never rude or responded poorly. Supermarket at 50m and underground station at 350m walking distance. Hotel situated in a ""no problem"" neighborhood.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or340-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"There are enough reviews on here suggesting you stay elsewhere so I'll simply state the facts. I stayed here as a last minute booking because of the lack of availability anyywhere else. It was booked by someone who clearly hadn't read the reviews. Since I don't like noisy rooms, I managed to get, at least, a room in the back. My colleague was given a room in the basement and told that no others were available. All I can say is that my room was very small. I xon't know when or if it had been refurbished as some supposedly have been as it certainlt wasnt newly done although not in too bad a state. Back to the subject of size, the bed (a single bed in this case) was across the room in front as you enter the door. It touched both walls at each end of the bed. The tv was on the wall…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or340-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but very tiny and noisy room,"The hotel location is very convince to underground stations and supermarkets  However, the hotel faces a busy street, and any rooms facing the street are noisy. if you want to book a room, it's better to ask a room in the back of the building. Stayed in this hotel for four nights, and the biggest complain is the size of room.  It's almost impossible for two normal size people moving around in the room, and  so as the shower.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or340-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday,Lovely room and bags took early by two friendly receptionest early . Fantastic for the museums . We slept really well bathroom lovely . The only things I could complain about is on here it boasts free breakfast! Not true £9.99 each and when we cheked in one grumpy receptionest. She was different from the one earlier . We would go back thankyou.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or340-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but the positives pretty much end there...,"Normally I'm sceptical of negative reviews on here as comments in the past have seemed picky, especially when it comes to budget accommodation, but I wish I'd read the reviews for this one.  We stayed for a single night trip, which admittedly made the negatives less of a pain in the backside than if I'd stayed for longer, in which case I'd probably have had something to say to the management.  From the moment we arrived I was pretty disappointed. The reception area was a mess, wires hanging everywhere, paint chipped or with marks all over it, floor filthy, not a great first impression really. The reception staff were not particularly attentive, picking up phones halfway through a conversation with customers (a customer service bug bear of mine having been a receptionist for…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or340-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location terrible hotel ,"I have just got back from a 3 night stay at the cromwell crown hotel for my boyfriends birthday on arrival We had high hopes for this hotel although the price of the room was very cheep (£163 for 3 night) the lobby was very clean and modern-ish but once We had left the lobby and made my way up to our ""comfort"" room on the 5th floor it became clear why the hotel was so cheep , there is a lift in the hotel that only goes up to the 4th floor so if you are staying on the 5th you have to walk up a steep flight of stairs which is not great if you have a lot of luggage with you also there was some Ladders in the corridor that were there for the length of our stay and Did not get moved so I do not think the health & safety of this hotel is great . once we had got to our room  it seemed…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or345-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A little work would remedy a host of issues,"Very cheap hotel in an ideal place. The pros end there. Comfy but a lot of issues could be remedied within an hour to improve this hotel asap!! Curtains hanging from the rails,  very dusty lamps at bed height and a lime scale filled shower head just general cleanliness and then a foul stench of sewage in the bathroom. Still god for a cheap stay but at least keep it reasonable.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or345-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, but we know why.","The location of the hotel is quite good. 5 minutes of walking from Gloucester Road station to the hotel.  However, there is A LOT to say about the hotel. First the staff is only russian. They speak some english, but that's all. No other languages so as French, Spanish, Italian etc ...  You can only connect to the wifi in the reception. Not the rooms. Our romm was number 302. It was on the fifth floor. The room was small but it corresponded to the price we've payed (248£ for four nights). The windows were not sounding-proof. It was really noisy at night. The beds were not comfortable, bad for the back. The bathroom was smelly. Probably due to the water pipes. The cleaning was not always done on time. Scheduled at 10:00AM. Some days it was not done yet at 2:00PM. One day, the…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or345-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here!,"Awful from the minute I arrived! I was so tired Saturday night on my arrival I went straight to my room, which was so ridiculously small. There was barely any room for my hand luggage so you will struggle with a suitcase! I noticed the inside lock to my room wasn't working but thought I'd try again in the morning.  On waking up I discovered that not only did the inside lock not work, but neither did the TV, or the air conditioning. I asked to be moved but the room I was offered also had no working air conditioning and would take 2 hours to prepare. I needed to get ready for a wedding so said to forget the move, but that I needed a hairdryer, which I had requested the night before. I was told they didn't have any so after going slightly insane the staff had to go out and buy one!…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or345-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't go again,"Tiniest room you've ever seen, bathroom same. Shower leaked everywhere as couldn't close the door and air conditioning worked intermittently (rare burst of heat when we were in London). Staff not helpful, quite rude at times. Not very clean, sheets were dirty and suss looking stains on the wall.  Wifi only works when standing at reception desk. Saving grace is location, moments from anything in Kensington and Gloucester Rd tube stop is 5 min walk. If you go, request a room not facing the street as is on Cromwell rd and no sound proofing. ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or345-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here! Such a disappointment.,"Booked this hotel for the good price and location. The pictures of the rooms in this hotel were very misleading and very different to the room we were put in. We stayed in room 310, which was not easy to find, and was down a thin out of the way corridor. The room size itself was very small and had barely any room on either side of the double bed. The bathroom was very small and had a bad smell. The toilet did not flush. The shower was awkward to get into as the sink was in front of the shower door. The shower itself had a big head which did not work so had to hold the smaller one to shower, as the holder on the wall pointed to every direction except on you. Also when in the room we were able to hear clearly when other rooms had taps/showers on. We were not able to change rooms.…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or350-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A handy hotel with good location,"I visit cromwell crown hotel quite regularly when visiting london, and i usually get good discount rates over there, if i book in advance. last time i got a rate of 65 gbp which is quite good considering the hotel has a lift, and is centrally located on picadilly line.also its on circle line, so one can get to london victoria quite easily. they seem to be having a problem with the key cards for the rooms however, which gave me some trouble on my last two visits.on the whole, its still a good place to visit if you get a good rate.also about 3-4 min walk to the underground station, so all things considered, pretty good value.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or350-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","nice area, terrible hotel","location: really good. gloucester road station, kensington gardens and V&A museum nearby. pubs, shops and restaurants in that area.  hotel: i would NEVER stay there again. the desk clerk made rude comments about our home country, the other employees never greeted back or showed any nice gestures. the hotel room was quiet (patio window) and quite spacious but had a really penetrating smell of faeces (i wish it was an exaggeration). that smell was presumably coming from the bathroom drains. sometimes at night it was so bad it woke us up. in addition we couldn't open the window (the frame was broken). the room was dirty in general, there was blood on the curtains and the furniture was old and shabby (the closet door constantly vibrated when we moved around). being in the room, you…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or350-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for the price and location,"I was there in January 2012 during my post-exam break It was a really old place and took us quite awhile to look for the hotel. The location was good as there's 2 tube stations nearby and the natural museum is just a 5 mins walk from the hotel.  Condition of the hotel was really old though, the lift broke on the 2nd day we were there and we had to climb down a few flights of stairs.  I remember the room being clean and there was enough space for 2 person to sleep on the floor. Given that we've only paid about 45 pounds for a night it was actually a really good deal in London and in a prime location.  I don't remember if there's any aircond because I was there during winter.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or350-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",6 nights for a great location at the cheapest hotel in the area,"We had booked our room months in advance before our trip in July and after reading all of the reviews online I was a bit worried about how our experience would be since we were staying for 6 nights. In my booking I requested for a quiet room on the upper floors and was given room 311, which fit the bill for both. It appears that the hotel is made up of two row homes that had been fused together, and as such there are half-floors where you need to go up a floor, go across the row home, and then go down another flight of stairs to the adjoining one. We were very fortunate that our room was located at the far end of the hotel, where there was minimal foot traffic (there were only 4 rooms located at that section) and as such it was very quiet. (I felt sorry for those guests whose…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or350-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Decent value for London,"We stayed at this hotel in July 2012 for the Olympics. The hotel was being renovated, and we got one of their newly refurbished rooms for a decent price. Being a brand new room, the condition and cleanliness of the room was excellent - we were satisfied with both the room and the bathroom, which was equipped with a rain shower.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or355-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible experience, do NOT stay","The experience was horrible from start to finish, the aircon was not working while I was there, the wifi was not working, there was something nasty spilled on the walls, the room was absolutely tiny with barely one step from the door to the bed with the room no longer than the bed and on top of this the staff were extremely rude to me throughout the time I was there. Also, despite the hotel advertising that they have lifts, I still had to carry my bag down two flights of stairs as my room was not accessible via the lift. I did not end up staying at the hotel due to the heat of the room, this was during the heatwave and it was suffocating as there was no aircon and no ventilation, and was advised that I would be given a refund by the staff at the desk, however when I contacted…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or355-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Event ,"I read several reviews of this hotel before I stayed there and can honestly say I wasn't looking forward to my stay. Yes all the staff spoke broken English but as for the room it was fine,I have stayed in worse. I'm going back in August as it was ideal for what I wanted,as they always say you pay for what you get. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or355-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,My finance and I travelled from Canada. After 20 hours of travel time all we wanted was a fresh shower. We turned the shower on and there was no hot water and the tap fell off. The bed had hair in it and one towel had a brown mark on it. We asked for a refund at 10:30pm and they said they had to wait to talk to a manager in the AM. Well we left and stayed in a hotel down the street. We went back in the AM to see about the refund and the manager said he had to look into it. The next day we went back and they said they would email us. Still no email after 2 weeks and my visa was charged full price. Do not stay in this dump.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or355-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The best thing about this hotel is the price!,"Just imagine this ... hottest day in London in the month of July since records were kept, no air-conditioning or any form of ventilation except to keep the window open.  The room is on Level 1, just above a busy road that is constantly in use 24x7, with noise from cars and police/fire/ambulance sirens throughout the whole night.  You ask politely to see the manager. The young man at the front office politely tries to handle a guest who is not happy, but clearly, you can see that he has had to deal with this situation many times over.  The front desk officer duly puts forward a complaint form and says that it will be sent to the manager.  The next day I ask again if the air conditioning has been fixed.  This time the same young man says that no, but they are ""working on it"" and…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or355-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",if location is important for you,"I read bad reviews about this hotel, and was a little bit worry, but I decide to jump in the pool, and take the risk...we were here from June 11-14 (3 nights), I paid the basic room, and about the room I will said, you paid what you get, and Im fine with this, we dont spend almost any time in our room anyways, but I was expecting a little room, as it was, but NOT in the basement with one bed next to the other one with no room to even walk at all.I ask to be change to another one with a little more space at least for our luggages but hotel was full.So our room was ridiculous with space for nothing,so if you want to stay here, paid for the next ""level"" no basic to be in a decent room. Now the good, and the only reason I reserve a room here was the LOCATION, Kengsington & Chelsie…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or360-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible !!! DO NOT BOOK,"We booked a superior double room (paid extra for a better room)! This room was 2 single mattresses shoved together - not what we expected for £89 nor when we had wanted for  a nice couples weekend away! Admittedly the room itself was a good size with a modern bathroom but very basic and noisy! The bed sheets gave me a terrible rash and I itched all night. No air con working and no safe windows to open!   After seeing the room we went down to the main reception to ask if we could move to a normal double room - with a double bed (what we had booked) to be told to wait for 50mins while they dealt with other complaints, chatted to each other and other guests and answered phone calls !!! We were told ""no refund no refund"" and that they were booked so that was the only room we could…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or360-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible ,"Third world conditions of the hotel, I had better service in India and Africa than in this infamous hotel. Bad hospitality from the staff and no air conditioner and not being honest when I reserved two months ago, no internet and pillows looked like sheet of papers. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone, stay away go to Baileys hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or360-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not very organised,This hotel is not very organised.  Renovations in progress no air conditioning  Room like a shoe box .  Understand its London & things are hectic with summer. But it would have been good if the hotel staff had informed us that there was no air conditioning . Not very impressed!,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or360-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"Booked a SPACIOUS economy room from Friday until Sunday with Full english brealfast, got a single room with a double bed! Unable to walk around the bed. Shower only worked on hand held head, if you turned onto main it just poured out the bottom of the panel. Bathroom drain cover was letting in the most disgusting odours that we kept the extraction unit running 24/7. Temprature was in the 30's, Air conditioning not working! Couldn't leave window open as we had a drainpipe either side for easy access! Walls are paper thin! Had a couple above having sex (may as well of been in the room with them), kids next door screaming and the other side I think had their TV on all day and night!  Asked Hotel reception to sort issues, and in their best english accent (Albanian) said sorry no…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or360-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised,"Booked 4 rooms for 7 people through booking.com then read the reviews on Trip Advisor and absolutely worried myself silly as I took a rate with no cancellation. Well, yes the staff did not speak good English but they were pleasant and we had a laugh with them they were not aware we wanted an early check in so we went to a local pub came back at 2pm and all 4 rooms were ready. They were all on different floors and ours was in the basement we all agreed the bed linen was spotless and the rooms were clean they had been modernised maybe not to the highest spec but I did not pay for a 4/5 star hotel. All of us had a good nights sleep with no noise waking us. The breakfast was very good and again the staff were very pleasant. All in all for what I paid this hotel was more than…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or365-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",South Ken Roof Leaks,Stayed mid June and the heavy rain led to water dripping from the ceiling.  No other rooms available! The management were shell shocked and said they would get it fixed -eventually? The hotel is having cosmetic refurbishments and the lift and reception area is not yet carried out and looks rather 'tatty'.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or365-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,This place needs some serious renovating.Double rooms were small and stuffy. No Air conditioning as we were told this was not a priority.Tea and coffee provisions were not replenished.Curtains were filthy and looked like they hadn't  been washed in years. No Wi Fi in rooms. Shower leaked all over the floor and no floor mats provided to mop up water. Worst of all was NO Mattress protectors on the beds. Beds were very uncomfortable. Staff seemed disinterested and often rude with no knowledge of the local area and services. The only one saving grace was the close location to underground.,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or365-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Has a lot of potential,"We recently stayed at Cromwell Crown Hotel. The rooms were clean, good location, nice warm showers. The place can do with a new coat of paint in the rooms. Although the staff was friendly the hotel is not accomodating to requests. We booked breakfast in advance and when we asked if they can assist us earlier one day they said no - also with no refunds. At the price we paid I would have expected much better service!",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or365-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",HOSTEL NOT HOTEL,"This is NOT a hotel, it is a Hostel for eastern European Backpackers and should be advertised as such. We stayed 6 nights, beds not changed unless I asked,tea. coffee or milk.not replenished. Bathroom so small had to sit on loo sideways.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or365-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't take my Mrs,"Not the best, stayed with a mate to see a gig in Hyde park so the location is fine. It's close to the tube, museums and the Albert hall but there are better budget hotels to be had. Checking in was a bit of a chore, strained communication and I'm not sure why you can't check in before 15.00 when you have to check out before 10.00, it's hardly the Hilton. Anyway we stayed in room B5, B for basement and that's pretty much it, a small room, supposed to be two double beds, which technically They were but pushed together in very small room. The TV was stuck on BBC1 the air con didn't work a there was an infestation of ants, the little blighters were everywhere and a few dead ones in the bedding. Lots of hair lurking everywhere, generally a little grubby.  On the plus side, the bed…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or370-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Budget but good,"The hotel is sweet, in a great location and excellent value for money. I booked my room through a third party so not sure on their own rates, but I couldn't complain.   I have stayed in much worse hotels than this and would stay again.   I just wished that the rain forest shower head and air conditioning worked.   Didn't sample the breakfast, as not entirely sure what it was...very odd menu on mirror in room.  Overall very satisfied!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or370-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Ya Gets What Ya Pays For,"This is a cheap and cheerful (almost) hotel.  No evening meal served at all and breakfast was at a substantial cost (we ate out).  The room 111 was clean, tidy, quiet, if somewhat unfinished after refurbishment.  The floor tiles for the shower room / toilet were sharp edged and unfinished at the door threshold.  The floor drain in the same room smelt due to lack of use.  The air con unit big enough for a room three times the size of 111 was not connected and so unusable.  There was no way to contact reception if needed.   The staff were all non English speaking and as a result there was a language barrier and it made things difficult for all.  No wifi in the room and no telephone.  The telly was small but bigger than my wife's iPad and my smartphone.   Refurbishment is still…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or370-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleasant,"We stayed here for three nights in ground floor room 6.  Although small, it was clean, quiet, decently furnished and a good bathroom - overlooked some lovely mews houses at the rear of the hotel.  Location wise its great, nearest tube is Gloucester Rd and from there you have the circle and district line so getting to the main attractions involved very little changing tube.   We didnt eat at the hotel so cant comment on that, there's plenty shops and bars locally for breakfast ect.   The staff were very helpful, our tv remote and the phone didnt work but that was no worry - we got extra pillows when we asked for them.  Its a budget hotel so what do you expect ?  I would rather spend my money eating out and enjoying London and the Cromwell Crown is a decent place to rest your…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or370-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Budget room,"we had a superier double room number 404 as a gift  for two nights.It was clean.we had a phone which did not work , a representive came  to try and get it to work,he found another phone in a cupboard which also did not work,so no phone. We asked for a hair dryer and drinking glasses. the double bed almost filled the room on one side just enough room to draw the curtains the bottom shuffle sideway and the sideway about 18 inches  no air conditioning. shower room two small bath towels. one bath matt.It needed two because you could easily slip.  Conclusion a clean budget room for a workmen. While I was there a couple from australia were complaining bitterly about there dirty mouldy room that they had booked for the 3 nights.No manager available.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or370-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Would happily stay again,"The hotel is just five minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station. I arrived before the check in time, but I was able to 'pre-check in' and leave my luggage in a locked cupboard behind reception (next to the lift) then pick up my keycard later. I did have a small bit of difficulty checking in as I needed a passport number, even though I'm a British citizen; it was resolved with my driving license. I was again able to use the storage after I checked out so I didn't need to lug my bags around all day before my train. The staff weren't especially enthusiastic, but they were helpful when they needed to be so I have no complaints.  They seemed to be coming to the end of refurbishment works when I stayed, as there were still ladders and loose wiring about in the corridors and tape…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or375-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,The beds were very comforstable and the hotel was very near the City center. The staff was very unkind when we first arrived but more kind (it was not the same receptionist) towards the end of our stay.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or375-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fine hotel,"This is a fine hotel if you are the type of person who considers a hotel to be just a place to spend the night in: beds are clean and comfortable, our view was blocked by scaffolding but you don't see that when the curtains are closed anyway, bathroom was clean (could use some maintenance, but nothing serious) and the room was cleaned everyday.   The staff's English is not brilliant, but good enough and they are quick, efficient and helpful.   Breakfast is okay, there is a small buffet with some bread, croissants, cheese, yoghurt, cereals and fruit, you get your own tea or coffee pot and you can order a freshly made English breakfast which is included in the price. Nothing spectacular, but nothing to complain about either.   Given its great location and reasonable prices, I…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or375-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Will not return,"Oh dear!  When I booked this I chose it because of location, price and reasonable reviews but nearer the time of my stay I tried to change my booking because reviews were dreadful.  Location was excellent, breakfast was okay but so much else was not good.  Room was tiny but clean.  One pillow each which was so thin, very uncomfortable. Bathroom was good apart from no bath mat and floor was slippy, no beakers either.  We were woken at 2.30 by loud voices and banging doors in next room.  Walls very thin we could hear what they were saying.  We eventually banged on wall but noise carried on until 4.00 am.  I complained to reception in the morning and was told that I should have phoned reception but we did not see a phone.  No information in room at all apart from emergency…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or375-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful staff. Only found one member of staff out of 10 that can either formulate or understand a simple sentence!,"Would never stay here again. No hot water and rude staff. Not willing to refund unstayed nights as I was not willing to stay another minute. Credit card company now informed and I will be getting my money back!  I stay in hotels all over the world and consider myself to be very slow to anger, but they have left me furious by their attitude and lack of customer care!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or375-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not good!,"Rooms very small only enough for 1 person definitely not a double room.  Sleep very uncomfortable - 1 flat pillow and when asked for another, they had none available.  No blanket for the cooler nights.    Breakfast was good.  Overall cleanliness of room poor.  The front of house staff could not speak English.  Difficulty in understanding customers needs.    In general, not a hotel I would go back to.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or380-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The Hotel that offers very little and more you don't want!,Great hotel apart from One thin Pillow Touch card to get in the room but then the lock Alarm goes off Only 2 milk Duvet cover too small Night porter can't give you Milk or Pillows Aircon no power Toilet extractor no power Bedside light fitted with a colour changing lamp that changes colour quickly (both sides) Wardrobe doors broken Scaffolding outside the window Room pretty hot. No aircon  No Plug for the sink Day Staff don't speak too much English As my name is French they insisted on seeing my Passport Lol.  Sorted in the End. Not one but 2 Floor standing Lamps. I know why. One doesn't work! Every Guest passes the door talking loud! Room G1 They called a Private Cab company that charged me £25 for a £15 Journey And the best for last ............................... It has a…,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or380-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!,"The staff, the service, the rooms and the hotel are just horrid! The staff can barely speak English and have absolutely no sense of customer service all are rude and disrespectful!   The hotel is filthy and the service is an utter joke, they have no idea of how to treat paying customers.   The manager needs to be fired what kind of a joke of a person runs a hotel like this! My three year old can run a better one, so filthy and so uncomfortable!   Brought my wife and two young kids! Never bring children near this place dirty and unsafe!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or380-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pubic hair on the toilet seat,"Please don't book here! Do not waste your money! I called reception and asked to be relocated as first room was filthy and tiny (had booked a 'spacious, newly refurbished room', not a cupboard with a 3/4 bed and a wardrobe where you couldn't open the doors more than half way because the bed was there...). I was told I could transfer rooms providing I went to reception and swapped key cards, no apology. The second room had pubic hair on the toilet seat and again was filthy, stained sheets, filthy windows, An old radiator bracket bent and sticking out of the wall, really sharp edges. I explained all of this to a male staff member, who said it was not his fault. I then spoke to Federica at reception, she said 'that's just our standards'. I had no apology at all, am yet to receive…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or380-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",I would prefer to stay at a university dorm!,No one was at reception when I arrived. Had to call the reception on mobile so someone eventually came.  Air conditions/heating system broke. I couldn't adjust the temperature when I arrived so was so hot!  Fire alarm went off whilst having a shower due to lack of ventilation in room so you must ensure you shut the bathroom!   ,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or380-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've been to so far ,"Stayed there just for one night, and it was far from being the most pleasant experience. The room was below ground level, and the view from the window was a wall with a scaffolding, no sunlight coming in the room. The room seemed to be next to some staff offices, which meant there was quite a lot of ""traffic"" just outside, and the walls were so damn thin that I could hear everything going on, really annoying. The pillows were also so thin, it was ridiculous ! I wouldn't even call them pillows...  The double bed was basically two single beds pushed together with a double bed duvet, but you couldn't lie in the middle; the edge of the single beds was very hard which made it really uncomfortable. The noise once you switch on the bathroom light was just terrible as well. Wifi isn't…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or385-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away. Horrendous hotel.,"Incredibly bad for the money we paid. Curtains were hanging off the rail so didn't close properly, letting in all the light from passing traffic. Walls so thin you can hear neighbouring rooms turn their light switch on. 1 pillow each that was so thin it may as well have just been the pillow case. Asked for extra pillows at reception and they said they didn't have any.  The worst thing was the SMELL in the bathrooms. Upon arrival it smelt like off-milk, over powering and made you gag - reported to reception immediately but nothing was done in the 2 nights we were there. Staff were polite, but far from welcoming or helpful.  Appreciate the hotel is in central London, a city that doesn't sleep, but the noise from the road meant you could not sleep. Radiators on full blast and…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or385-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing really to moan about,"I booked  this hotel based on the location and the price. We on,y needed one night and somewhere close to the natural history museum so booked it- family room for 4 people  for £87. After reading the negative comments flying in I was in two minds whether to book the Marriott instead but at £190 plus I couldn't get a refund on this I decided one night is one night.   Arrival On arrival we needed parking. We called ahead but the receptionists did not know if any local parking we could use. Google suggested an NCP that we couldn't find so we parked at the Marriott for £35 for 24 hours. The other prices were similar too.  Check in was quick but they needed the booking reference number so take it with you!!  We headed to our basement room - b1. The bannister was a bit dodgy and there…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or385-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel! PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!,Terrible hotel! For the price I paid I was expecting the Ritz but I always wasn't expecting to turn up in a hotel where the toilet and shower flushed out of the drain located on the bathroom floor!  I am pregnant and travelling with Young children so being exposed to raw sewerage was really dangerous! Hotel is so noisy! Even if you report this to the hotel they do nothing at all about it!!!! Their customer service is shocking! I've written a letter of complaint! They have offered me £18 refund! How offensive!  We cut our trip to London short due to me feeling unwell after staying there! I am never one to moan but this was literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed!,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or385-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Unpleasent hotel. Stay away.,"Staff ostensibly uninterested in their customers which makes you quite uneasy and that probably works fine for them as their repellent bearing did not encourage us to seek them out for advice or assistance. Only one ridiculously eccentric TV station (""Yesterday""). Promising a TV in the rooms is not even a half truth, as people obviously expect to be able to use/enjoy the TV. Saying that there is a TV does not just mean that the appliance is there like a part of the wallpaper. Be aware that check-out is at 10 am but check in at 3 pm which is inexplicable - do they need five hours to prepare these tiny rooms that barely fit the few pieces of furniture squeezed therein? In spite of the ample time to prepare rooms we were unpleasantly surprised to walk in on a strange plainly…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or385-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"I stayed in this hotel many years ago and I remembered that it was quite nice. So whenever the name popped up on a search for London hotels, I jumped on to the site. I booked B&B for 2 adults for 3 nights. When we arrived it was blatantly obvious that things had changed drastically since I was last there. Here's the list of issues: - the lift only went to the 4th floor and we were in room 507. The stairs were so steep I had to use the bannister to pull myself up the last 3 steps  - the bed was 2 singles pushed together (that's fine) with 2 single duvets!! I had to ask reception 3 times for a double duvet  - Wifi is only available in reception  - the bedside light shades didn't fit the lights so nearly fell off when switching them on or off - bulb missing from the wardrobe light…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or390-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Right In The Central London,"If you are traveling from Heathrow Airport, this would be a good hotel to choose as you can reach the hotel straight via tube (Piccadilly line). You may choose to stop at Gloucester Road or Earl's Court and I personally prefer the stop at Gloucester Road as it's just a straight-road-walk from the station.   Well the room is quite basic and you can only access wifi at the common area; but you may want to consider this hotel if you are looking for accessibility. Not to mention that it's walking distance to Royal Albert Hall and National History Museum. The staff was very helpful with flight check in, purchase of coach tickets and luggage storage; and yes all these are without any extra charges.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or390-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"After all these negative reviews I was really worried when I arrived at the hotel, but eventually everything was perfect! My economy single room in 5th floor was refurbished, cozy, clean and warm so a/c or heater was not needed. Bed had really comfortable mattress and shower had unlimited hot water! I could hear the traffic from the road but that was not a problem for me. Wifi is not available in rooms but I saw some internet cables hanging in my floor which might means they are expanding it. Gloucester Station just a 3 mins walk away. I was really happy with my experience.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or390-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",True that you get what you pay for but not fair to pay for dirty sheets and broken facilities. No Internet access!!!,"Now, you know that if you want to stay in the middle of London you are not going to get a lot for £50 per night (despite being more than half price also) so I booked here not expecting the Ritz. However, a poor mans fifty quid budget does not mean that you should expect stained sheets, a shower that looks awesome until you realise that it is attached with two screws and falls of the wall (same one in their advertising pics, but don't worry cos despite looking like a cowboy job it really is just for show, as it never actually worked! At all!) and no heating in the room unless you ask for a dusty fan heater that will cut out after 5 mins and smell like burnt dog hair. To add insult to injury you can walk in off the street to the lobby and enjoy free Internet access, but paying…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or390-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",No booking found yet still charged!!,Arrived at this hotel quite late as in London working only to be told there was no reservation made which should have been for 3 nights. Spent 3 hours finding another hotel and paid more for 1 night than I should have for 3 at Cromwell Crown. Have now been charged fully for the stay that I didn't have and that was apparently not on the system!!   Can't get through to the phone as it is either engaged constantly or there is a message stating line is out of order.   Wasn't expecting much from the place as per previous reviews but actually having a booking would be nice!!   Currently awaiting contact from the hotel so if a snotty management review comes through first then I will not be happy!! ,Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or390-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Room 209,"Really nothing special to say. We stayed at this hotel on my latest London vacation on New Year Eve event. Room we got was really different than we was supposed to have, and of course on full hotel on NYE was not chance to change it at all. Personnel not really very helpful, only one positive thing is good location and you can get quickly to town centre, but you can get something better for that money.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or395-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Needs Help!,This hotel is in an amazing location and I think that is the only factor that gets it any business. When we checked in our room wasn't ready but luckily they looked after our bags for us. The hotel looks dirty from the outside but the reception area is okay. I booked a superior room and there wasn't anything superior about it. Terribly uncomfortable pillows and such a tiny room. I think this must of been one that has recently been refurbished as the room wasn't that bad and the shower room was lovely. I work in a hotel on reception so I can get quite picky about the way staff are and these were the most unfriendly staff I have come across. Guests should always be acknowledged when they enter the hotel not ignored and they wasn't helpful or smiley or chatty or anything! This…,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or395-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here! Terrible hotel - don't use room 208 + 207,"I recently stayed at this hotel with my father.  Two separate rooms.  The rooms were the size of cupboards! i'm a small lady at 5 foot 4 ish my feet touched one wall and my head touched another!   My room door was broken it would only lock if the door was properly slammed, even the receptionist could not lock it - Security issue?  The bed was broken in my room.  It was clear that it had been that way for a while.  There was a missing piece, which was no where to be seen.  went down to reception, fair dues there were no other rooms that i could swap with but it took a long time for someone to come and sort it.  In the end my father and i swapped.    In the swapped room, the shower was stuck on hot as it could go - Health and safety issue.  We found that hotel was not worth the…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or395-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Relieved - just,"After reading all the feedback we were bracing ourselves for the worst. However we were glad that we got one of the newer rooms. There were still issues (listed at the end of this review), but the room was clean and comfortable. We arrived early but had no problem storing our case while we headed out again. We did have to call reception to get clean towels despite leaving the dirty towels in a heap on the floor of the bathroom. Overall we were reasonably happy with the stay and it was at a good price and very centrally located for our planned trips. Items not working: Extractor fan in bathroom, bedside lamps (rest of lights OK), heating (was OK as perfectly warm in room) - there was an electric heater in the wardrobe.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or395-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good bar one major flaw,I have just stayed in this hotel having spent valentines weekend in London. It's excellent location. Gloucester road station is a stone throw away and as we were going to the theatre in Victoria it was only 3 stops away. On reading reviews I was very worried about the state of the hotel however on arrival was pleasantly surprised. Reception looked nice and modern and our room and bathroom were clearly quite newly done. And very clean and warm. The only major flaw I have is that we booked the 'deluxe double' which had no double bed but just two singles pushed together. I could just about accept this but there was nothin in place to even hold them together which results in even the slightest movement pushing the mattresses apart. If I pay for a double I expect to have it. I turned…,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or395-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not sure how safe this place is.,"OK after reading reviews I expected it to be dreadful.  It wasn't but...  The room itself was nice and clean apart from the carpet, we had a 4 bed room with two in the upper loft.  Everything looked OK but it was falling apart.  Shower rail, towel rack, lamp shades, curtains... All were falling off, pulled away from the wall or wobbled alarmingly.  Whilst reading in bed the light next to me exploded with a loud bang.  It seems there was a lot of work going on in the hotel which was fine but it looked like it was being done very much on the cheap.  WiFi in room was intermittent and had to go to lobby often to ask them to reset it.  Guys I could fix all the WiFi issues if you are reading this! One WiFi router doesn't cut it I'm afraid.  Breakfast was OK.  They got my families egg…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or400-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised ,Having read many reviews I was rather nervous on visiting this hotel. However I have to say the room was terrific - clean modern tidy I was in room number 312 towards the back of the hotel so it's quiet at night as well. The bathroom was well-equipped modern and spacious and if I wanted breakfast was available at the next cost overall I have no complaints for a one night stay very good.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or400-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"Apparently, it looks quite nice but... Surprise, surprise! I arrived at 2 o'clock. I knew but check in is at 3, but they even didn't check if my room was ready or not. So I had to be one hour waiting in the bar. The room was literally tiny, but that wasn't and problem for me, as I had booked a single room for a quite cheap price... And it was just for one night, so not a major problem.  No WiFi in my room... I went to reception to try to find out what the problem is and the answer of the unpleasant male receptionist was 'WiFi just in lobby'.  No coffee/tea facilities in the room... I went to the bar to order a caffe latte. They didn't have ANY milk (how is that possible in a 3*hotel???) and you're not allowed to take your drink to your room... (I couldn't believe that!). As they…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or400-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING,"I arrived late and was directed incorrectly to the wrong room..lugging case up and down!! Finally I was shown the room behind doors and stairs. But the room was Freezing!! The receptionist found an old dinky heater on the cupboard and told me to switch it on..I refused this as the room was so cold. Two hours later, past midnight, reception still ignored me in the waiting room. So I was forced to make a bed there as they refused to find me a warm room!",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or400-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking customer service,"Disinterested staff, no TV remote and staff did nothing to sort it out, a bath was advertised, along with the TV but we didn't get either. Location was good but that's about it, I think they realise they will get customers because of the location so there is no need to give good customer service or attempt to get customers to stay here again. At least there was no cockroaches or mould like some reviews state",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or400-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",As bad as the reviews say,"Starting with the positives the location is good and it was cheap. However the negatives far outweigh the positives: the room was tiny and at only 5' 6 I was surprised when my feet hung over the edge of the bed. Also the bed was not comfortable. It was freezing cold with no heating so I had to request a space heater which I then left on all night. TV did not work. The only plugs in the room were on the bed which made boiling the kettle tricky. Walls very thin, I could hear conversations in neighbouring rooms and everyone on the hallway. When I checked in there was a steady flow of people complaining, I felt sorry for the reception staff as it was clear there was nothing they could do.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or405-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Could do alot better,"Just a few comments No glasses in rooms Towels too small Sheets On bed too small and come Off bed Duvet too small Pillows - not Comfortable and again need more Other than that....it was a nice enough place, pleasant staff who worked there and quiet ",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or405-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Will visit again,"Having visited London several times, I found that this has become my preferred area to stay.  The hotel has a feeling of new and is very evident that it has been recently renovated.  Some of the stuff are very nice and helpful, while others should take some notes from their colleagues.  Very good value for money, very well priced compared to other hotels in London.  Housekeeping really needs to improve, towels are not changed every day, mugs not cleaned or changed.  With a little fine tuning, this could be an excellent hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or405-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not nearly as bad as the reviews say,"There are quite a few negative comments on here, but my experience was almost totally problem free. It is very central, and a room (a triple) was clean, with two Queen sized beds and one single. Much much better than we were expecting for the price. (it was the cheapest in the area) staff were very friendly. The only thing that was wrong with it was there was no kettle although mugs had been provided. I've had much worse even at pricier places! ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or405-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",So promising yet turned out to be a dump,"The staff in this dump must be very well paid to take the constant rant of complaints one hears in the reception.   Walk into the room, reach for a lighting switch, your finger finds a hole instead out of which the switch itself fell, I had to keep warning the kids off before entering the room out of fear of electrocution... complaints just resulted in broken promises. Bathroom door with broken handle resulting in once being locked in the bathroom and once out of it. (the credit card trick, really does work).  From the number of complaints it is obvious that Room Service clean rooms on a roster basis not daily, although this was categorically denied. We where 4 in a suite and returning to an undone room late in the evening, after a tiring day is not something I particularly…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or405-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The dungeon from hell,"I have never felt so strongly about writing a review as I have now thanks to this ""hotel"". I understand we are in a time when ""you get what you pay for"" and I agree with that 100% however there was no value whatsoever for the money spent here.   We arrived into the shabby reception area to a very arrogant and unprofessional male individual. There was no greeting such as ""hello"" or ""welcome"" only the sentence which was ""you are too early..."" There was no offer to hold our luggage and to top it off when we had asked for directions we were told to ask someone in the street outside! From seconds walking through the door there was no warmth or welcome, I immediately felt very uncomfortable with the gentleman.  Can I please remind anyone reading this that this is my first review I…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or410-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great value.,"ive stayed a number of times at the cromwell crown, and this time, after the recent refurbishment, my experience was as good as ever. the hotel, is 3-4 minutes walk from glouscester road station, which connects beautifully on the picadilly, and city lines.the hotel has a rather small lift, but enough for 1-2 people and a suitcase.some rooms are at a mid level, so half a storey climbing is involved.overall very good value for money, in an otherwise pricey area of central london.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or410-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, louzy staff","We recently stayed at the Cromwell Crown Hotel during the Holidays. The hotel is quite nice, it is near a Tube Station wich is comfortable. Thou, on Christmas Day the hotel had a ¨private party¨for their staff. They were drinking and service obviously was not their main focus. The Wifi wasn´t working propperly, i´ll pressume due to their home style modem and a large amount of guests using it in the lobby.  I asked for directions on Boxing Day and they were vague. Breakfast needs to improve tremendously. Bottomline, it´s all about location!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or410-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever booked through booking.com,We were delayed by 5 hours and so arrived at 2am....we were shocked when our room was in the basement but when we entered we just go off our clothes and went to bed in the semi dark as we were so tired.  When we woke in the morning and left the room which was very basic and needed repainted all round the skirtings....the rest was clean but dismal and no niceties at all.  Outside our door was where all the cleaners got ready and all the laundry was on the floor so we had to walk over it to get past and go upstairs......I can honestly say it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in and we knew it was not very expensive but it is still not even worth half the price we paid and the photos are nothing like on the internet.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or410-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good price","If you don't mind on staying on a 3 star hotel, this is a good value for money hotel, with a great location, in walking distance from National History Museum and Gloucester Rd or Earl's Court tube station. The staff is kind and helpful. The room and bathroom were ok. It is located on a busy street where you have different options of restaurants and grocery stores. My room was facing the street, however there was no noise on the room.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or410-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Ignore all the negative reviews, great value stay!","IGNORE ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS I was dreading our stay after booking this hotel and then reading the reviews after, but we had a lovely stay.  No there was no cockroaches, mice, bed bugs and none of our stuff went missing.  The room is clean, we booked a superior room- maybe this is the key for everyone that had issues, our superior room was fine and the size was perfect. The shower was lovely and the hotel location is perfect, lots of restaurants nearby and the tube station is a 5 minute walk. Very happy with our stay, can't go wrong for the price, no it is not the ritz but this hotel is very good value for London on a budget and I would come again. If I had one thing to say the walls are very thin so you can hear the people talking next door, but this wasn't really an issue…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or415-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",As Cheap as Chips and just as Greasy,"Having thought long and hard about writing this review I decided that at the  potential risk of incurring the wrath of the manager, as is demonstrated in some other reviews I would say exactly how it is. Cheap in price,we did not expect the Ritz but neither did we expect to sleep in a room full of mold, pictures attached. Our recently refurbished, superior bathroom was good except that the towel and toilet roll holder were dropping off the wall and the rather extravagant shower fitting failed to work in both settings.The bed did not have a mattress cover but did have several pubic hairs on the cover which we were delighted to see weren't charged as  extra 's like most other things.The pillows were flatter than a pancake and the cleanliness of the room  would not pass  a basic…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or415-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell Crown good value good location,I stayed in the Cromwell Crown for one night. the Staff were pleasant. The Location was ideal. I would recommend. My visit was November 2014.I booked bed only.I didn't eat so I cant comment. This hotel is for a short stay,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or415-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",'All done on the cheap',"Stayed here from the 2nd December for two nights. The only good things going for this Hotel is its staff and the location. What let it down was quality control and actioning guests requests. For instance everyday I requested a kettle for my room and never got one, secondly the  towels which had stains on (not from me!) I left on the floor only to find them folded back on the shelf and hook ready for use! Finally the bed was the worst I have ever slept in - a normal mattress on a smaller base so every time you sat on the edge you literally fell off, same for rolling over in your sleep - quite dangerous really. There was at least a 20 cm difference.  Finally and most importantly, every fire door was wedged open, even overnight. Surely this is illegal?  As I said the staff on…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or415-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate for short stay,Was a 10 min walk from Gloucester Road underground room was squashed but clean and good sleeping and clean well stocked bathroom breakfast was also adequate thoigh basic all in all i suppose it was as inducated adequare for the purpose of an overnight business trip,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or415-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room,"The room was very Nice looking. But there was a weird vibrating Sound at all time. And the cleaning could have been better. We found an earring and some paper on the floor, that wasn't Ours.  We would go there again and hope we've just been unlucky the first time. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or420-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Holiday in hell!,"One of the most terrible experiences I had in a hotel. Booked two days in beautiful London for a relaxing break. Firstly they could not find my booking, then when we came back to our room the door was completely wide open and things missing, heating was not working and could not sleep afraid someone could come in. All I was told by staff is that they would inform the manager! And took notes of the stuff missing from our things.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or420-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Misrepresented,"I made the mistake of not looking on TripAdvisor before I booked a room at this terrible hotel. The staff where not particularly unfriendly just disinterested. When I looked at the room, which was so tiny you had to move around by sitting on the lumpy bed, they where unable to offer me anything better and said that they could not refund me as they would loss their jobs. The room was smelly, as where the halls, and not particularly clean. This is not the impression given by the hotels website and they even had the audacity to call it a superior room. I did not stay the night!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or420-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Couple Who Stayed For 4 Nights,"Firstly when we arrived, the hotel staff could not find our reservation. It took about 30 minutes and that was fine. When we first checked in the room was lovely and we slept well. The following morning at 9 o'clock we were asked to check out as the room was reserved for other customers. We asked to see the room we would get and at 9:20 we were shown. Someone had just checked out and the room would not be ready until 3 pm but the receptionist demanded we check out by ten and said we could wait in the lobby. Ridiculous. To add the receptionist said if we did not check out by ten we would be charged. Eventually spoke to the manager who gave us free breakfast and said we could get a discount on the first night but she would need to speak with owner, No follow-up happened here. The…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or420-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed bag,The hotel is conveniently located next to Gloucester road tube station.  The positives: - The hotel staff are very friendly. - Check in was quick.   - There is a nice garden outside if you can stand the cold in winter. - The restuarant (breakfast) was good- although no variety if you stay more than one night. - Good Wifi  The negatives: - The room I had was a small room- for the price that I paid- it was not worth it. - The room was just too noisy. - The room was just too stuffy so you had no choice but to open the windown which meant more noise. - The room was also dark and the aircon hardly worked - which itself was noisy.. - It didnt have a separate bath. - the water pressure from the shower was non existent.  I literally couldnt wait to leave (after a 4 night stay) and would…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or420-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Unfair and dishonest!,"I had booked a superior room for four nights. On arrival was given a economy room, very small, no more than 8m2, (16m2 were the room of our reservation). I did notice it and they said it was not possible to change it and was not possible to have a refund. They asked me to fill a paper of protest, and the four nights of my stay went by. In the end I have not been repaid, and the hotel did ignore it. Really bad!!! I can not give a single positive opinion about a hotel that takes this behavior... I wish to thank the staff of booking that despite the major drawback were immediately made available...",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or425-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't stay here.,"Stayed here for 2 nights this November, there was no phone in the room, there were no glasses, the tv remote didn't work, and the sink blocked one one occasion. This hotel has been given a 3 Star rating and for the life of me I can't understand how. It's in a good location and that it. I wouldn't stay here again if I got a room for free.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or425-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Too noisy, did not sleep a wink","The room have no aircon, but that is fine. Problem is we need to open the window to let the air inside the room vent out. Unfortunately we hear sirens, busses, trucks, cars whatever going on on the busy street. All throughout the nite!  Stayed only for a nite, but did not sleep a wink. If you cannot rest in a hotel, there is no point in getting a hotel room.  Shower partition is not enough to keep water from splashing outside the tub. Getting out of the shower was difficult and slippery. No bars to hold on.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or425-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant hotel on a budget,"Stayed only for one night. Room was clean, bed comfortable and all in all could recommend this hotel and its staff. Breakfast could have been better with BACON but plenty of what there was on offer. Room was quiet too considering we were next to stairs and lift. Would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or425-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Name is Wild Bill Rosewood. I'm the sheriff of this town.,"Originally missed some of these scary reviews, so cacked myself a little on the way down when our travelling friends commented on the place. On arrival, breathed a heavy sigh of relief! Looks alright from the outside. Check in staff, a little strange but nice. Left the luggage secure in a cupboard to go look abaaaat. Cushty. Came back, checked in proper. Lift - got inside, felt more like a dumb waiter if anything. Doors clamped closed and reminded me of a transformer (Hasbro, Michael Bay, not the small electrical things) So yeah, that was a good laugh.  The room - a superior, was clean, but pretty small.  The cupboard shook every time I walked around the room, and I aint no fatty. So that needs to be looked at.  On returning back after a nice night in China Town, at about…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or425-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A Terrible Place to Stay,"We stayed at the Cromwell Crown from 14 Oct through 19 Oct,2014. The room was advertised as refurbished, but nothing was completed. The room was tiny with a king size bed-frame stuck in the middle of the room, with a small double mattress on the platform and wood from the platform stuck out all over. The mattress was terrible, as you felt every spring. There was no electricity to the room thermostat and the heat was always on, so it was extremely hot (over 80 degrees F). When I went to the window it opened easily, but there were no latches on it. As our room was on the basement floor, our room could be easily accessed from the outside by anyone lifting up the window from outside. I had to carry all our valuables with me as I toured each day because they weren't safe in the room.…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or430-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Miles better than expected!!,"I stayed here with my boyfriend and some friends in January 2014 (but we did not book ourselves) Reading reviews of the hotel before our stay freaked me out and the pictures showed a pretty horrible place.   I was pleasantly surprised when we got there, our room was completely different to the pictures - refurbished, modern, clean, comfortable and everything in good working condition.   It is clear that the hotel was under refurbishment at the time, the reception and hallways/staircases were, from what I can only assume, not completed yet. But this didn't bother me personally because I wasn't sleeping in the reception or on the stairs!!  Don't let bad reviews put you off this place, it was absolutely fine and in a good location, and as far as I'm aware it is a relatively low…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or430-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",3 days in cromwell hotel,"I stayed 3 days in cromwell hotel.The place of the hotel is very goog, is near to the metro station about 4-5 minutes walk. The rooms are very beautiful, new but not very clean.I stay in the 5th floor, the lift stops at the 4nd floor. The wi-fi is very bad, and the breakfast is very poor. The service in the breakfast in not good, and they have only 2 towels in the room. The room is quiet",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or430-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Meh. OK, but....","This hotel is good if you're just looking for a place to sleep. It's dated and kind of dumpy. The reception staff seemed to be having a bad day, each day. The place is clean and resonably quite, but if you're looking for something to feel like you're on a nice holiday and not in a dorm room, pass! It's walking distance to the major hub of the tube (Gloucester Road, blue, yellow and green lines), so if that's important to you, you may not care. You can do better. As another reviewer mentioned, you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or430-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Hotel is undergoing renovations, and the superior rooms have been refurbished. This must have been done by a bunch of drunken Gremlins, since the quality of the refurbishment is very poor.  It is actually quite funny. You will find wires hanging loose from the walls, crooked fixtures and the masterpiece: the elevator that someone decided to apply wallpaper to. Hotel is relatively clean, although nowhere near the standard of the major chains. Staff is friendly. All in all you can get an OK size room for the price, and you might not get sick from staying here, but you really need a sense of humor to enjoy your stay. You may want to consider staying at the Holiday Inn nearby instead.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or430-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Family trip,"Rooms are far too small. No space to move around master bed, since it is by window. We were given rooms far from each other, in different floors with a one month time reservation, good our daughters are grownups! We had to ask for a hair dryer at front desk and give it back later on. Hair dryers were supposed to be in each room. Check-in time is really late (+3pm) but chek-out is too soon (by 10am). Very poor wifi connection, only in the lobby. We won't repeat the experience. Ever.                            ",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or435-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",helpful staff specially (muhammad waqar),Muhammad who let us to use desk computer  due  to our a family emergency. really appreciate his help. he was very polite and very helpful. Room quality is also good and i will for sure visit hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or435-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",They are trying their best.,"Enough has been said about this hotel, You get what you payed for.We booked an economy family room and got the suite (room with an attic). The room was clean and newly rennovated. The hotel common area is clean and refurbished.There was no a/c in the room and the room was warm at this time of year, so we asked for an electric fan and were given 2.We had no major issues and the stay was satisfactory.The staff were helpful in general.The hotel is going through tranformation and naturally it takes time to reach a flawless state.Evidently,the management and the staff are trying their best.Good luck.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or435-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn't Stay,"We booked this hotel at least two months on advance. When we arrived we were placed in a stinky room in the basement beside the laundry. We complained and were moved to a slightly better room. The room was very hot, but due to extreme odour in the internal courtyard we couldn't open the window for any fresh air.  Also the door would not lock. When I mentioned this to the clerk at the desk I was informed that i did not know how to lock a door. We had to put a chair up against the door when we went to bed.  We had originally booked for three nights, but only stayed one night and moved to the Holiday Inn down the street. A much better option.  We never received our refund for the days we had booked and didn't stay, although we were promised a refund.  It never came through.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or435-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A Very Enjoyable Stay,"I need to qualify this review -  If you want a luxury hotel with all the bells and whistles of a 4 or 5 star establishment then The Cromwell Crown probably isn't for you. However, if you want a base in South Kensington for a short stay allowing easy travel to the rest of London then you could definitely do much worse. There's no way to talk up the size of our room - it was tiny - but it had a terrace overlooking Cromwell Road and was perfectly clean (as was the shower room). The terrace could have used a bit of a sweep-up but but nothing serious in our opinion. Wifi was only officially available in the lobby but in Room 104 we had a decent connection. We didn't have an opportunity to sample the breakfast so can't comment on that (there are plenty of breakfast options nearby).…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or435-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A Pleasant Friendly Hotel,"I didn't expect this hotel to be pleasant and good enough to satisfy my needs as a traveller. The room was big enough to accommodate four people. The staff was friendly especially the girl with a blond curly hair. However, some of them are not good in speaking and understanding English. The wifi in the lobby was fast (faster compared to what I'm used to in Manila).  Request: Please provide electrical adaptors that are compatible for people from different countries that do not use the British adaptors like the Philippines.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or440-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely appalling service, will never stay here again!","I was absolutely appalled following my stay at this hotel. I wore a Tiffany & Co necklace and silver ring in London during my stay and took them off in the hotel room. Upon checking out the next morning, I realised I didn't have them on me and was 100% positive I had left them in the room. Upon ringing the hotel, the staff (without double checking the room) immediately informed me nothing was found and were extremely unhelpful or sympathetic - they didn't even bother to take my contact details in case anything turned up. I'm puzzled as to how jewellery can apparently vanish into thin air? This only added to the my frustration following encounters with the staff at the front desk throughout my stay - firstly, it took three people together to check us in as it seemed they couldn't…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or440-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Room with a view,"I want to warn people from this hotel. I stayed in a twin room through work on the 12 Aug 14. the room was clean enough but the facilites were substandard. You could not open the window as you hit a full skip. The beds were at least a foot to short either side for the bed frame. The bin was smashed up. I sopke to the manager and asked to move room . He said no. I asked for a refund he said no. he did say I will give you discount next time you stay. I replied I will never stay again. He still refused a refund. We had prebooked for breakfast. I asked for a fried or poached egg they had none and we were first at breakfast. I asked for bacon they had none. Their Engish breakfast was a sausage , mushroom, scrambled egg and beans. Do not stay here.   The room was clean",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or440-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever been to ,"Upon check in we were greeted by two staff members who could barely speak English. I thought this was unacceptable as this was a hotel in a country where English is the official language. The elevator to go up to the rooms was old and every time we used it, it felt like it was going to break. The room was very tiny and smelly. When I turned on the shower, barely any water would come out and eventually the handle fell off. We told the receptionist that our air con wasn't working and he told us it's because the hotel is going under refurbishment. They could have atleast provided a fan... Overall this hotel sucks and I will never return. Expensive and I would not even consider this a hotel!!!",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or440-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday getaway ,"Booked a twin room for the Friday night and when we arrived we were given a room with two floors each with large double beds. Bathroom clean and modern with an adequate amount of towels. The ac was out of order but reception happily gave us a couple of fans which was fine. Bedroom large with lots of space and a front facing view, couldn't hear anything from the roads. Would highly recommend this room for a night especially as the price was very reasonable of £100 between 4 sharing. Staff attentive and very willing to help with any queries. The hotel is in a great location in Kensington with about a 5 minute walk from Gloucester road tube station and a few supermarkets and restaurants  literally on the doorstep. Beware that check out is at 10am and it is £30 extra to extend by a…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or440-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fine,"The room is really small, especially for two people. No space to even move around. Only a few hangers in the wardrobe. No phone to call reception, no fridge, no ice, no AC. Services very limited. Bare minimum for everything, including towels and pillows. Overall it was fine because it was close to the subway, was in a safe area, and was close to attractions and amenities like Waitrose. Wouldn't go back. You get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or445-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Bad,"A single room for 110,= a night. Like a closet! Curtains hanging wrong, the shower goes straight left to the wall. The look out of the window: a wall and straight into other rooms. A lot of sound from birds, because they cannot fly away. The most terrible: To say what's not working in this 'closet' and they don't do anything about it.  Tip from friends: Don't pay before you get there, because otherwise you get the worst rooms. Just say at the desk you really don't want such a room! It was expensive and no fun!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or445-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Room with no view,"We had a Room with no view (no window!) - and no AC (Staff-Excuse: no AC is working in this hotel!!)   Hot, tiny, but at least - next to the kitchen - which was quite loud and smelly. In total: no recommendation. Not really. One Star: for the good shower!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or445-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good, but....","Great place. I stayed in a clean and big room and the location is very good. The only downside for me was the absence of internet in the bedrooms, so I wouldn’t stay there again. Room was nicely decorated.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or445-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","nice friendly hotel, good location",We booked this hotel on a bit of whim and glad we did. We had a decent sized room which was also very clean and the staff were really friendly. It was close to a tube station and an ideal base for sightseeing. We will definitely stay there again.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or445-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in!!!!,"Pros. Location was great, close to museums and underground  Cons. Everything else!  I'll start of by saying I'm not picky a hotel is just a place to sleep but this place was just awful! The beds were awful, we had to ask for extra pillows because the pillows were more like pillow cases missing the pillow, the extra pillows didn't help! The AC does NOT work.... I heard a women ask if it was going to be fixed any time soon and they said no. They told me to open my window and my view was scaffolding with pigeons that woke me at 5am not to mention the hooker that kept me awake till 330am with her moaning. Although the staff were nice people half of them understood English and with the exception of the short man, the rest had no idea what they were doing. They couldn't book us tours…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or450-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Nice , clean , perfect","I have just come  back from London (Cromwell Crown hotel). The hotel was not what we expected ,considering the awful comments that have been written , it was BETTER !!! Near the tube, V & A museum, Natural history museum, Science museum, Starbucks, KFC, Burger King , Tesco 24/7 and Hyde park. Nice, friendly  and welcoming staff always with a smile on their faces. Perfect clean and tidy bedrooms and bathrooms. TV, coffee, shampoos and soaps and very comfortable beds. Me and my friends just loved our stay in Cromwell Crown hotel. Thank to staff for being part of our adventure, Hope to see you soon again. Greetings !!!",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or450-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",London weekend,"I stayed here with group of 4 last weekend. Hotel in very good area and 2 min walk from Gloucester road tube station. Sainsbury's and tesco nearby as well as 10 min walk from national history museum, science museum and Victoria and Albert museum. Room clean and beds very comfortable. We stayed in superior suite. This was upgraded for free on arrival. The only thing I was a little wary off was we were on the 3rd floor and the window opened at knee height but there wasn't any railings and was a sheer drop down. As the air conditioning wasn't working in our room, we were told this was due to refurbishments within the hotel. We had to have window wide open at night to get some air in room and was slightly unnerving. I do think there should be some kind of stop so window only opens…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or450-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay in a convenient location.,"I stayed in this hotel with my two friends. Our room was very spacious with a mezzanine floor containing another double bed, a desk and a wardrobe. The room was facing to the street so it was a bit noisy from the traffic.  Wifi was only available at the reception area with a very limited seating. The value we paid was good and fair.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or450-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money & clean,"Cheap, clean and a 2 min walk from tube station. Comfy bed and clean and simple decor. Shower lacked any power but was warm and clean so can't really complain for the price we paid. £122 for 2 people,1 night, eon suite. Great! ",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or450-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin!,"Stayed here the past weekend for one night.  Was a bit nervous in regards to booking this, based on some of the reviews that I read here, but from looking at recent reviews and pictures, I decided to go ahead.  We arrived early and the staff were very helpful in letting us leave our bags before we could check in.  Upon check in, the staff again were very helpful and polite.  I travelled with two friends, so we had a triple room, which had a large double bed and a single bed, which were comfortable.  The bathroom was newly refurbished and spotlessly clean.  As the title of my review goes, it does exactly what it says on the tin, if people want a basic room for a short stay, you can't go wrong with this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or455-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",good place to stay if you are accustomed to other hotels of the sort,"this is a good place to stay in with a low budget. The place has been newly refurbished and is nice and clean. We stayed in room G7, besides the kitchen on the ground floor, no windows. Despite it sounding really weird, it was ok, really. If we wanted a room with a view, we'd have gone camping... ;-) no? The room was clean, not small and came with a big bathroom with a shower for 2, with hot water presto! And yes, we did only get one towel each, but there was soap and shampoo for two. And yes, the pillows kinf of suck, they are pillowless pillows, like empty and saggy. Did not bother to ask at the desk for more/different ones because I was too tired. We slept comfy anyhow. The kettle with coffee and tea was there, clean, and we used it, coffee was good too and cheaper than cafe…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or455-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay ... Would recommend to my friends and family .,Very good customer service .. staff at reception (Ashwini) was very kind and helpful with a great smile .. Would love to come back and stay once again. Rooms can be kept more clean and also if you can change the breakfast time to 7:30  ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or455-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Problems at the start, long walk to station","PROS: - Rooms were clean and modern. I followed TripAdvisor reviews and asked for a newly renovated room. We stayed for 7 nights and we slept well. Since this is what's most important for me in a hotel, I give this hotel 4 stars. The price we paid was good value for the clean rooms. - Special mention to one of the guys at the reception named Marius (from Romania). He was exceptionally helpful to us and was the only one who we encountered who delivered everything he promised. We asked for a hairdryer and he made sure to give it to us within the hour. We asked for help with our toilet, he made sure it was fixed when we arrived back the next day. It's because of him and the clean rooms that we can still recommend this hotel to our friends. The other staff were okay (friendly...)…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or455-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"The perfect example of you get what you pay for. Friendly staff, clean, bed, shower. Did exactly what it promised. Parked for free for 24 hours just round the corner as well which was a bonus.  Don't expect the world,  just an honest night's sleep. ",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or455-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",great location clean room,contrary to some reviewers comments we found the room very clean an daily refreshed. great location only a very short stroll to the underground. On London prices I would say this hotel was great value for money and would cetainly reccomend,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or460-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Poor Service, OK location.","My partner and I stayed here overnight on a whim as it was the London marathon weekend and all the hotels seemed to be fully booked. On arrival the hotel appeared OK but nothing special. The service at this hotel was poor, all staff were miserable and seemed to just ignore you when at reception, adding to this, on our arrival both reception staff were out on the steps of the hotel smoking meaning we had to walk through a cloud of nasty smoke. It was not pleasant. The room was ok, very small considering it was suppose to be a superior king - the shower didn't work properly and the bed was uncomfortable. Considering we had paid only £20 more for a raddison blu 4* hotel on a previous visit this hotel is NOT value for money. Will not be staying her again.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or460-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very helpful,"Nice place for family,everything nearby,subway to the airport,piccadilly line,10 minutes walk to the natural history museum,good quality food market Really friendly staff.Confortable room for two adults and three children.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or460-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable base,"Our room at the back of the hotel was quiet and we found it cosy (209). The hotel has obviously undergone some refurbishment: the bed was new and very comfortable and the ensuite facilities were good. I wouldn't say the finish was fantastic but it was new and very clean. Toiletries were provided (soap, shampoo and shower gel) but there was only one bath towel each - no hand towel or towel for drying your hair - which you would need to do after a shower as the shower head is fixed - and no mat to step out onto from the shower, just cold tiles. So recommend you bring your own shower cap and small hand towels. The one soap we used on the first night was replaced the next day with a new one - would rather have had a hand towel or shower cap. The tea/coffee was limited to one sachet…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or460-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very clean and well situated,"Nice economic place if you're on a quick trip. The room I had was VERY small (for one person) but extremely clean. New bathroom, very comfortable bed. Only thing, check out at 10 is hard to cope with and no internet connection in the rooms (man, it's 2014 !!!) is not a plus.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or460-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stick Thin and short,"This hotel has a great location but thats all. I went last april the room was freezing I had to wear  my coat to try and stay warm, unsuccessfully.  The room was mega small, hard to move in, the bed I imagine was smaller than the conventional single bed. To fit into the bathroom you needed to leave the door open. I asked  for an extra blanket but my request was ignored. It did have WiFi. This is the first review I have written but I felt it warranted it. Cost £130 for 2 nights.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or465-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",ok to stay but nothing special.,Personnel is friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean but tiny and anybody passing in the hallway sounds like the floor is gonna fall through. Refurbishments are going on so can't comment on how this will change. Bathrooms are of a high quality finish and really nice. Wifi access should be throughout the whole hotel instead of being limited to the lobby for what they charge.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or465-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service but great location,As the price was very cheap we couldn't ask for too much. The room are tiny but clean for London avarage. Staff is ok. Location is very good. only disappointed when we asked for an hair dryer and they didn't have. Nothing more to say,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or465-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Fab location, clean hotel, great price","We couldn't have chose a better hotel for our short London visit. A short walk between 2 tube stations, across the road from the Natural History and V&A museums, next to a wide selection of great restaurants. It was clean, friendly and very reasonably priced for such a lovely area (along the road from Harrods too). Next time we are in London we'll be staying there again.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or465-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Arrived to find a double room instead of a twin. This was sorted and we were given a suite instead - fantastic. Very clean. Hotel facilities basic but good enough. Close to the underground which is what we wanted.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or465-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for a short stay,"This is a large hotel not far from Gloucester Road tube station, shops and V & A. They have a variety of rooms on offer for different budgets so you can get a very reasonable deal for London. Rooms facing the front are noisy (even on the 5th floor) so it's best to try and secure a room at the back. I had requested one at booking and it wasn't on their system - however, I persisted and the very helpful receptionist eventually agreed to move me to the back to a room at the back. Having said that, the options to reach it consisted of a creaky lift that only went up to the 4th floor, or very steep stairs. The room was clean and comfortable, though the double bed consisted of two single beds unsuccessfully wedged together. I couldn't figure out to work the shower and ended up with a…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or470-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",No excuse in this day and age...,"On the positive side, the price of a night's stay (£37.50) was excellent for central London. However, I suspect that is the only way they can attract a clientele. The hotel has been there for many years so you would have thought they had put in double-glazing to block the traffic noise but , no, they hadn't. Sleeping was very poor because of that and also because of the incredibly lumpy mattress - I am still hurting! There was only one person on duty in a full hotel so I had to wait over an hour to have extra pillows delivered even though I offered to bring them up myself. So, I couldn't even relax because I didn't know when someone would turn up. The extra pillows didn't help, by the way, they were amazingly thin. The person on duty the next morning never even looked at me, nor…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or470-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",shocking room size and bad attitude,"My company booked me in here and my god do I regret it, the room was tiny, what's more I could here a washing machine going all night which meant I got zero sleep now I had a meeting with my director the next day which meant I was totally out of sorts thanks to this bad hotel, do not stay in room 510 you will be kept awake ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or470-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel room,Superior double room is deceiving!  Cramped and stuffy. Nice bathroom though small. Apparently the hotel has undergone renovation but majority of areas very basic and shabby. The staff were polite. Lots of stairs and could not see much help for disabled. The lift is old and even using it for access to 2nd floor we struggled with cases and bags up another flight of stairs! Location of hotel is good. ,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or470-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for the money,"Although the refurbishment was still in course, we haven't heard any noise and the room was impecable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is good and has lots of commerce and services nearby. 5 minutes walk to Gloucester Road Tube Station. ",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or470-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good value hotel in West London,"I stayed here for business in November 2013. The hotel was booked as it was the nearest hotel to where I had my meeting.  Positives •	The hotel is relatively good value for London •	Rooms were reasonable for the price (I have seen  •	The hotel was newly refurbished •	The hotel is a 2 minute walk to Gloucester Road tube station  Negatives •	The layout of the room was not great, but it did have everything that you would need and they were a good size compared to some London hotels •	The hotel did not have a restaurant, however, there are loads in the immediate location  Would I stay here again? Yes, it is a good option for London.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or475-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Best value hotel in the heart of London!!,"For £39 for a double room on a week night (without breakfast) in the centre of London this hotel has the best value for money all around. A fresh clean modern look inside. The rooms were brilliantly clean, very modern bathroom with double shower and lots of little goodies inside. Tea and coffee facilities. Downside WIFI only available in the reception and not in the rooms. Very comfortable and surprisingly quiet being on Cromwell Road (although did request for a room at the back of the hotel), a 5 mins walk from Gloucester Road tube station. Booked the hotel through www.booking.com online. Multi-national staff at reception has fabulous customer service and were really friendly and helpful. This hotel also offers to store your luggage for as long as you want so you dont have to…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or475-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A Nice place for a stop-over,"On Saturday I had booked into another hotel for two nights but was disgusted by the state of it and did not stay more than half an hour…. walking out of it, I came across this hotel who had a room available for the two nights I required for £44.00 per night not including breakfast.   I was put into a single room on the first night and whilst it was small but clean, I swear the mattress on the bed had rocks in it!   I honestly felt like I had been beaten with sticks all night and didn't actually get much sleep.  However, all was not lost because in the morning I was given another room, a double which wall a single really but the bed was VERY comfortable  and being that I was suffering with a rotten cold, i just needed a good night sleep.  The hotel is a stones throw from…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or475-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",If you like mice then stay here!!,Terrible hotel turned up to say they have canceled my room as they tried taking the money out 2 weeks before I was due to stay I did book two nights for £90. I asked if I could still have my offer and they turned round and said no they only have one room left for £90 so I had to pay as had no where eles. The room was basic was next to the kitchen but at 5am in the morning we woke up to a rustling sound turned on the light and you believe we had a mouse rustling through the bin so we went to reception they wasn't helpful said nothing they could do as had no rooms available and the handy man wasn't in till 7 and told us to go back and wait also they said it wasn't the 1st time they have seen mices about so we went back and the mouse was still running about near the bin so we went…,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or475-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"I have just returned home after staying for 5 nights at this Hotel. We were 4 staying in 2 rooms and all of us were really pleased with this Hotel. I honestly confirm what Yorkshire_Lass682008 wrote about the Hotel and really glad that we had a Hotel that was excellent value for the money, especially on room basis only.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or475-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money.,We stayed at this hotel for one night. It was in a good central location. The hotel was spotless and the staff friendly. The bathroom and bedroom was exceptionally clean and my standards are high after working in a 5 star hotel. For the money we paid I would say we were pleasantly surprised.,Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or480-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great job they've done since i was living in the area,I stayed one night only in this hotel as i was living in the area years ago ! dispise the night porter who took his time to answer his doorbell everything was fine there ! great job they did as this hotel needed in the past a severe renovation ! well done !!!,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or480-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, Cheap but just want we needed","Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel between the 18th-23rd November. From the outside the hotel does look a bit run down but its completely different on the inside. There was new carpet in the hallway and stairs and from the previous reviews it proofs that some refurbishment work has taken place. The room was small but well thought out. The room was very clean and the bed was made everyday we came back to the room, along with the restocking of the tea and coffee. The hotel is in a very good position and it is within walking distance of two tube stations. The queen size bed was very comfy and we both slept well. The value was good at £30-£40 per night. Staff were friendly and when we asked for an extra towel one night (you only get two in a room) we were given another with no…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or480-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great rates - basic functional room - but very uncomfortable,"We stayed here for two nights, which only cost us £100. In comparison to most other hotels in London, this is great and we were glad to have found such good rates. As the rates were so good, we didn't expect much from the room. There was a standard double bed, a very small television on the wall, and a kettle. The room was rather bare, with barely enough room to walk around the bed. The en suite bathroom looked lovely; it seemed to be newly fitted and the shower was spacious enough for two people.   However, there was an unbearable stench coming from the bathroom, which seemed to get periodically worse. In the morning of the second day, I found that I couldn't even bring myself to go in there because it was so bad. I think the smell had something to do with sulphur in the…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or480-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Room was good but...,For 55.00 for the night we weren't expecting great things but the room was surprisingly ok...clean and recently refurbished with new bathroom with power shower.  Staff were friendly and we could leave our bags for the day snd check in later. Bed was comfy and we both got a good nights sleep. Only problem we had was when we went back to collect our bags the guy tried to tell my daughter that her bag wasn't there but wouldnt open the cupboard for her to see. When she demanded that he let her look he kept saying its not there. Eventually he gave up and let her see and the bag was clearly there in full view! So just be careful if leaving luggage. ..,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or480-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Functional & comfortable,For the money (£40- 50 single per night) you get what you pay for. Its quiet enough to get a nights sleep up on the 5th floor and the beds are comfortable enough to get some sleep.  The rooms are small and cramped and the tv in a ridiculous position in room 503. The showers are hot enough but dont try and turn around in them!  All said and done its fit for purpose at good rates for London. ,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or485-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",everythig worst hotel of my life,"I took this hotels reservation   In 2013 Oct 29 - Out 2013 Oct 31  2night £ 96  And  In 2013 Oct 31 - Out 2013 Nov 1  1night 45£   So it's 3 night of reservation and total cost was 141£.  Reception was a man and a woman they say to me you can stay 3nights same room for me.  I thought its kind.  And I payed 3 days price 141£ in first day by credit card.   But Nightmare from here  Room was basement.  room no. was""B6"" .  I saw 4 - 5 flying bugs all of 3 night ,every day.  (if killed bugs but its again arrive from maybe...bathroom?)  And rooms mug cup was looks dusty and I never use it.  Wi-fi couldn't use in room (only reception s small sofa aria )  I regret about reservation of this hotel but I payed. So I stay 3 night.   When check out day (in the morning),  same reseptionist man…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or485-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Fine for a cheap stay in London, but don't expect perfection.","This hotel is in a great location and close to the underground. Room was small but clean and the bathroom had obviously been recently renovated. This is perfect for a short, cheap stop-over in London, but DEFINATELY not one to choose for a romantic, relaxing getaway. I'm not a fussy traveller so this worked for me but there were a couple of little negatives that got to me: - couldn't get the shower to stop dripping after use and the noise kept my sister awake - they didn't have anywhere to store our bags after check out so they had to sit in the foyer all day - no hairdryer in the room - walls were paper thin - we could hear the people next door talking and even blowing their noses - for 2 people we were given 2 very small towels - not enough for both people to shower and still…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or485-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the money,Ok so we paid £40 a night to stay here..I call that a bargain..The staff were lovely and any problems we had were quickly dealt with..Yes the place is abit tired looking and the bed was uncomfortable..But honestly i was pleasantly suprised and would stay here again..As a note we were in a superior room and don't think i would be brave enough to try the budget or economy..,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or485-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Comfy bed, nice en-suite. Tea and coffee provision only allowed for one hot drink each, which seemed a bit tight. Also TV remote didn't work. Apart from that, had a great nights sleep and it was very quiet. Booked a double and got a super king size bed!",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or485-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst ever hotel,"Absolutely nightmare hotel. Arrogant and frightening staff especially if  you are a tourist with little English knowledge. Never again, we  left immediately  as soon we  entered the room.  Obviously  we made a booking  taking in consideration the location. Unfortunately we did not read in advance all the bad  reviews, which are perfectly explaining what the reality is that  terrific place. Avoid!Avoid!",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or490-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"I chose this hotel for it's location and it was a budget price. Near to Kensington and Royal Albert Hall is half hour walk away. Also not far from Gloucester Rd tube station. The hotel was fine, we were there for a night only and it served it's purpose. Yes the room was basic. A bed, a TV and a shower suite. The room was long and narrow, so it was difficult moving around the bed. But it was comfortable and we slept well. The shower suite was very small with everything squashed into a tiny space, but it was clean, and the shower was hot, although so many buttons didn't quite understand how it worked!! We had tea & coffee facilities in the room. It was on a main road, but the traffic didn't bother us, until we opened the window. Curtains were very thin, so as soon as it was…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or490-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",overnight stop,"My single room was about the size of 2 single beds. I didn't expect a large room for the budget price  I paid but something a bit bigger would have been easier. My feet were crammed up against the en suite wall. I am only 5'5"" so anyone taller would have been uncomfortable. Only one thin pillow was provided. The en suite was newly fitted and smart, however the drain in the middle of the floor was smelly. The breakfast was average and a bit of a shock that a teapot of hot water was given to me for me to put my own teabag in. Staff non English but friendly and ready to help. The hotel was a good location for me as I could walk to my destination the next day. Fine for a one night short stop.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or490-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","""Clean and comfortable""","Three of us stayed at the Cromwell for a weekend break. We were very pleased to find 2 large double beds in the room, which were very comfortable.Bathroom and shower were also modern and clean. The room was light and airy due to two big windows, so we could let some air in. We stayed on the third floor and the windows looked down to the shaft which was fine, it was quiet at night so no disturbences.The location was super as we just had a 15 minute walk to the Royal Albert hall as we were attending a concert.And the Natural History Museum is even closer, so we took advantage of that..We did`nt have breakfast so I can`t comment on the food.I hope since the refurbishment, people will give this hotel a good rating, because it really had a lot of bad reviews in the past!The lift is…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or490-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have stopped in within London,"This hotel is well worth just walking past. The corridors are in great need of a good clean, the smell is horrible. The Iron banister up the stair case is seriously environmental health issue as the just is so thick. The room was a single but the room was en-suite. The bed was across the room when I opened the door touching both walls with head and feet of bed. It was less then this deep, the wardrobe was behind the door and didn't open to pull out beverage tray as it clashed with the room door. The bedding was falling to bits, the room smelt, the bath room was no bigger then 5ft by 2ft. I am 5ft9 and could not lie in bed as the bed was not long enough and my feet touched the wall and head the headrest.  The reception had one sofa, the breakfast was a hospitality nightmare,…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or490-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"I only needed a bed for one night in central London, between a meeting one evening and another the following morning, so I wasn't too bothered about the quality so long as the price was right. This hotel was cheap but surprisingly good. There's a helpful, unhurried 24 hour reception. I was in the basement with only the yard with rubbish bins to view through the large window, but I was upgraded to a family room so I had three beds, loads of space, 5 x toiletries and towels, etc. There are bars, restaurants and a tube station within easy walking distance. All the lights worked, as did the TV and the kettle, The spacious bathroom had a bath as well as a shower and all in all it was an extremely comfortable and pleasant night for a lot less than I'd normally expect to pay in London.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or495-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the price,"Definitely great value for money. I don't understand the bad reviews here, we were there 01-05 Oct 2013 and were completely satisfied with the service. Room was newly nicely equipped, big double bed, big LCD screen, comfy carpet. Bathroom was newly reconstructed, with nice furniture and really big shower. We have window to courtyard so no noise from the mainstreet. Staff was very helpful and nice and friendly. Location is great, few minutes walk from Gloucester rd. underground which is blue Piccadilly line, so perfect connection everywhere. Or you can take a walk to Chelsea, Hyde park, Oxford street etc. We were completely satisfied.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or495-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Three stars at the price of one,"I have visited the hotel after renovation has finally been completed. During works in progress some guests might have been disturbed by hammer blows and drills during the afternnon, but now the whole structure has a bright new shape, almost impossible to recognize from the former convenient cheap hotel filled with heavy purple 70ies carpets and curtains. Most rooms are more spacious, with private services, essential but elegant comfort and design, as well as common areas, with tea-coffee facilities ( very helpful for those like me who must wake up very early in the morning for business, and wish to relax once back in the hotel ). And above all the hotel reception has quadrupled his space, nothing to envy to higher category accomodations in the neighborhood, with wide space both…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or495-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not so family friendly,"We stayed for one night in the 'newly refurbished' family room.  Yes it was newly painted and the bathroom looked clean and new, if you ignored the cracked floor tile.  However, on using the hand rail over the bath for support the whole thing came off in my hand with a shower of rust.  On inspection the fittings were rusted through with a new rail jammed into place over it.  But by far the most alarming of all was in this family room the window opened fully with no restraint onto a sheer 4 story drop ending on a grating with a cellar below.  My daughter is 23 and we still closed the window (it had been left open when we arrived) over night as the bed was only inches away and if getting up during the night it would have been easy to lean that way and fall. When I mentioned this…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or495-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than I expected,"After reading the reviews here, I didn’t know what to expect when I booked this hotel. It was a last moment option, as I tend to book quite in advance, and this time I did it less than a month before I stayed. Prices in most of the hotels were super high and this was the only place that seemed quite decent and affordable. Most of the other hotels asked double the price and were in worst locations. So I gave it a try and I am glad I did, because it was a lot better than I expected.  My room was on the 5th floor and the lift just arrives till the 4th. So if you can’t climb any stairs, just mention that when you book, because these are a bit steep. The lift is truly old and looks very out of place in this hotel that is almost totally refurbished now. There were still some works…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or495-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"We stayed here at the end of August this year and after reading the reviews on here before going I was dreading it!  Our room was one of the refurbished ones (room 203) and it was a room for 4 with two double beds.  The room wasn't massive but it easily fit 3 adults and a child in, it was clean and comfortable, exactly what I want from a room.  I have to admit it was a great relief when we arrived after reading the reviews on here.  In honesty there was nothing to complain about except the fact that the windows are not double glazed therefore there is a bit of noise from the traffic but not excessive we all slept very well!  I really do not know what people expect from a 2* hotel and I would say it was more like a 3* if I'm honest.  Also if you book 2* then expect 2* not any…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or500-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A totally different hotel: amazing!!!!,"The last time I stayed at this hotel was exactly 10 years ago and the reasons I chose it were the same as this time: its central position and its low fares! But 10 years ago it was a terrible hotel, very badly maintained, too basic and not at all clean! Now things are totally different and I was so surprised to discover a newly refurbished hotel (refurbishing is still going on) , nice and clean rooms and friendly staff!  My single room was small, but clean and equipped with a very modern bathroom and state of the art shower! I was particularly surprised by the kindness of the staff. My check out was on Sunday morning but I was running an half marathon on that day so I asked them whether I could hold the room for a late check out just to take a shower after the race well aware…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or500-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",A nice start,"Stayed at the Cromwell. The first day the elevator wasn't working so the trip of five floors made the bed all that moor comfortable,  The following day, the elevator was fixed. thank heavens.  Great location to Underground, bus, etc.  I would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or500-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Family Trip,"Location was excellent! Half of the staff were great the rest of them not really interested in customer service. Beds were ok, not great. closet small and no hangers. Obviously a long way to go ...but location made up for a lack of amenities. Could not get the heat to come on.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or500-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed In.,"I was not told that the hotel was undergoing major renovation upon booking.  I payed extra to upgrade my room to a supposed nicer room and well, I dread to think how small and cramped the cheapest rooms are.  The staff weren't friendly. THE WORST PART was being woken up by work men drilling in the next room along from me at 7AM.  It seemed to be very badly run.  Will NEVER go there again and would NEVER recommend to anyone.  The only good point about the hotel was that my room was clean.",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or500-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"By far and away the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Arrived to find no front step and went down hill from here. Checked in and went to what i will call my ""room"". the cupboard underneath my stairs at home is bigger. No wardrobe was in the room and exposed trunking and wire were just above the bathroom door. After complaining I was moved to a different room. The day of check out I had a knock at my door as i was getting ready at 10.45 to ask how long i would be. I replied 10 minutes. The manager informed me that checkout was 10am. I questioned this as there is a sign behind reception stating check out at 11 am and it also stated this on my recipt. On my return home i recieved an email saying that I was being charged another day as i didnt check out at 10 am. Avoid at all…",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or505-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as thought!,"Having read all the reviews, we were a bit apprehensive about the hotel. A bit of a mix-up on arrival as we had booked a family room and they tried to give us two rooms. They quickly sorted the problem and upgraded us to a junior suite. Lots of space. It was a bit hot as the air conditioning didn't seem to work but the room / bathroom were both clean. Yes, it was a bit noisy in the morning but nothing to spoil the visit.  Location is great as you are a couple of minutes from the tube and some of the museums. We didn't have a problem with the reception staff. Some of them seemed to have limited English but they were helpful. From outside the hotel looks a bit tired and there is building work going on - a door leaning against a wall when you first arrive and the outside door is…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or505-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nearly worth it's money.,"I stayed alone for 3 nights there. Had a clean room, older bed but comfortable. The toilets afterall looks very new and nice. Bad there were a few hairs in the toilet on arrival, and had a calcified shower head. Doors clamped when you tried to open and the windows weren't lockable.   I had a room on the courtyard side, which was very quiet.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or505-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed...,"I booked online - economy single room at £59 per night for 3 nights. I made the mistake of booking first, and then i started reading some reviews for the hotel afterwards, the more recent ones were better so I thought it would be ok, my main reason for booking this hotel was because it was en-suite. I assumed that the breakfast was included in the price but discovered when I arrived that it would cost £8 more, so I just bought food when i went out. I booked in, was given a card key to a room on the second floor and told to take the lift to the 1st floor and then I had to walk up the other half a flight of stairs with my luggage to find my room...  The single room is very small, a bed, a small round table with phone and kettle etc and a wardrobe with 2 hangers in it and a TV. I…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or505-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",S*** hole,"Window handle  broken, bed broken, shower not working properly,curtain half undone,  no air conditioner at more than 30degrees centigrade temperature. Thanks for providing the rooms with portable heater , Yup just what we need in a really hot summer..NOT!!!! Will never ever stay there again. Oh, and the lift... It's like a death trap...When we asked the reception if we can have a fan in our room, he said it's not his responsibility ..thanks!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or505-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,"We stayed at this hotel 4 nights. With over 30 degrees outdoor and with no aircondition that was availabil, we had 4 hot nights. We asked if we could get at fan - but the answer was no! So we bougth one ourselves.  There was coming leaking water on the roof - from the bath above.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or510-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Has potential...,"Central location and very easy to find - off to a good start. However, on arrival at Reception, it seems that the staff speak barely any English! Although greeted with a smile, I was referred to a guest information sheet, by pointing and pen-tapping. Really not good, especially on Reception!  Room and en-suite were both beautifully clean. Bathroom obviously been recently refurbished. Modern and spacious, however could have done with a bath mat and more towels. I did ask for for towels, but these never arrived. I am not sure the woman at the desk understood me... Room spacious, although sparsely furnished. ot sure if renovation completed however, so may be that more furniture to be added?  Excellent night's sleep, really comfortable bed. Unfortauntely, we were woken very early by…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or510-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay in London,"One half of the B&B has been tastefully renovated. The other half was being done. The double room we occupied for one night was quite spacious. There was a very large shower with hot water and a good pressure. The bathroom fittings were very good except there was little pressure on the hand basin water. This was possibly a good idea because the basin was rather small and shallow and any pressure on the water would have bounced right out of the bowl. There was an air con thermostat in the room, but it didn't work. This was maybe due to the renovation work in other parts of the building. There was no air con in the reception area and the outside temperature was 25C+ so really it was a little uncomfortable. The mattress on the bed was extremely hard. I was suffering from a sore hip…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or510-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers have nothing on this,"We arrived here late one Friday eve, we were dealt with quickly as had paid in advance. We did have a shock when we went through first door to find a bomb sight, there was no plaster on walls or carpet. It did seem they were in process of making the décor better. the noise from next door was loud during night, The staff seemed friendly but clueless. They did manage to throw one of my wives contact lens out whilst tidying the bathroom, when this was mentioned they were not bothered and didn't even say sorry. this was mentioned as we left, the only thing they were worried about was charging us for 99 pence for having a coffee we didn't even have. I soon told them what they could do with that. wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or510-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Will not be going back,"Room given was very small and noisy as the walls are only plaster board thick. The room has recently been re decorated but be careful of the electrical sockets if you have kids as our room had gaps around the socket that a child could easily push something into and a disaster waiting to happen. Lots of building work still going on so very noisy with banging and drilling from 7am. Only partially carpeted leaving a set of stairs we had to use very dangerous, also don't lean against the walls going down stairs or your best suit/dress will be covered in plaster dust and if you suffer from a chest complaint avoid as the dust in the air will do you no good whats over. Fire alarm sounded twice just after 9am, we think it was to wake people up so the cleaners could get in as there was…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or510-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for a holiday in London,"The better thing is the location of the hotel, At present, improvement works are carried. In my opinion lack a table and two chairs in the room. Good communication and close to the subway.The area has a lot of service       ",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or515-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!,"Do not waste your money on this disgrace! After weaving through the dirt and construction workers we made our way to out prison cell. Shortly after arriving we noticed a smell similar to that of rotting flesh from the bath room, I also found that the sink was blocked both of which I mentioned to the staff at reception - neither of these issues were rectified. The second night I noticed that there was no lock on the doors leading to the shared balcony - the maintenance fella had a look then told me it wasn't going to fixed until tomorrow. I suggested it needed to be fixed on the spot to which he drilled a screw the size of a twistie into the bottom and left. He stated the kitchen was flooding due to the rain and he had to get back to it. Walls are paper thin so we sat up all…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or515-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money but also a frustrating and bizarre stay,"Positives: good value for money, clean, newly refurbished room, great location, well meaning staff.   Negatives: small room, single glazing, problems with the lock on the door, walls too thins, most of the staff's English isn't very good, no wifi in our room.  When we stayed they had builders in, this is fine as they are aiming to make the hotel better however it is not fine when they start at 8am on a Saturday morning. Noise can be an issue. I swear I am now fluent in Italian after listening to the woman next door for most of the night. The room next to us also had problems with the lock on their door, resulting in late night attempts to bang their door down. The hotel had locksmiths in the next day so at least they were trying to deal with the problem. However, we came back to…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or515-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"I was pleased from my stay in the hotel, the staff and the conditions were excellent. I can give only positive feedback.  The only one thing which spoiled it was not the best WiFi connection. I had to do some work requiring internet during my visit, and because of that I had to spend a lot of time in the Starbucks cafe, instead to work in comfort at the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or515-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"I stayed here for three nights with my two children. Checking in at the Cromwell Crown was very slow, the staff didn't seem to know what they were doing and were not that friendly or efficent. When i was eventually given our room key and took the very old and tired lift to the 4th floor i opened the room door to find dust sheets, the curtains closed and the furniture including the bed in pieces on the floor waitig to be constructed. I went back to reception and explained and asked for a different room. The staff seemed confused and it took a while for them to understand the issue, but soon arranged an upgraded room for us - a superior quad - 203. This room was very nice, freshly refurbished and spacious. Although it was at the front of the hotel and so there was a lot of traffic…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or515-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Atrocious service,"We stayed here for the weekend and arrived while the hotel is having a massive refurbishment. The staff offered no explanation or apology for any inconvenience caused by the constant banging, working and clouds of dust that covered the staircases and hallways. Our room was recently done, and reasonably clean. But it was missing about three light bulbs and the lampshades kept falling off their fixings. The rooms were the highlight. Breakfast was so appalling it bordered comical. Guests were sent to a dingy room at the back of the building with filthy doors and windows and yet more dust on a threadbare carpet. We were sat at Formica tables and assumed we were to help ourselves. There were some cornflakes and muesli but no milk. There were also some hard boiled eggs and bread. That…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or520-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Very good location, clean room, no complaints","I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights and have absolutely nothing to complain about. Rooms were meticulously cleaned, shower is excellent and room is of a comfortable size. Owners are renovating so workmen welcome you to bkfast but it's no bother at all. Staff helped with all requests. Most IMp thing is location location location: night buses stop 5 mins away from hotel, main line just 7 mins walk away, taxi ride from centre is less than ten mins. Recommended.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or520-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't ever ever stay in Cromwell crown hotel,I'm an experienced city contractor. Stay in hotels every week away from home so it's important to have somewhere comfortable etc. the price seems good but there's a catch. The hotel staff are really rude and totally useless and the rooms are still being refurbished so I was put in a room in the middle of a building site woken at 8am every morning by huge noise. I work in the city til late so sleep ins are crucial. I also had wires and pipes sticking out of holes in the wall. I asked for a new room and was told their computers didn't work so I had to wait this went on for 2 days so I had enough and checked out 3 nights early. When I checked out the receptionist promised me a refund as a gesture of goodwill of the unused nights. I was asked to write all my complaint details on a…,Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or520-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Nice place, very good location.","We have spent 2 nights in Cromwell Crown Hotel and I would recommend it if you are looking for not too expensive accomodation as close to the centre as possible. The hotel's location is really very good. There is a bus stop opposite to the hotel and you can get to Oxford street in 20 minutes with no changes. Tube station is within walking distance.  We were accomodated in a junior suit apartment (quadruple), ensuite. It was two-level room with two double beds. It was very clean and well equipped. Bathroom was clean and nice as well, it seems it was recently refurbrished.  To sum up, that was really comfortable to stay in the hotel.  However, there is a refurbrishment in the hotel in process, so I am not sure if all the rooms look like ours.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or520-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from hell,On arrival we was welcomed to unfriendly and least knowledgeable about that the lift was out of order. We was told to climb over ladders and wires. Uneven floor. Then told to go downstairs to the basement. To find the there is no signs of which room was mine. Then when we found the room it looked tidy until you opened you eyes. The most annoying thing was the bed was right upto the window. And there was a cigarette at the window. Then when we got back the window was unlocked. The shower was difficult to use and leaked everywhere.  The en suite was new as everything still had a price tag on them. Bed was made lousy. The only good thing about this hotel was the location and close to the underground.,None,1.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or520-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",great holiday stay,"we are a maltese couple who came to london for 9 days of holidays, at first judging on the  reviews other guests posted on such a hotel, we were quite sceptic but then when we went in we had a total different experience towards the hotel.firstly the hotel is situated right in a very good location. it is just 5 minute walk off from gloucester tube. this station has 3 of the most important lines in london. the hotel has sainsburys just across the road, with a couple of restaurants also around its place. The hotel unlike what photos were posted, has newly refurbished rooms with great shower and new furniture inside , including a kettle with tea and coffee. the matress is a bit hard but the rest is great. the receptionists and front office personnel were really helpful. we had a…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or525-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Whats all the complaining about,"OK, the hotel is under some renovation but overall it was great.  A big comfy bed, powerful shower, brilliant location, quiet room.  Ok it wasn't perfect as there were a couple of bleach marks on the carpet but it didn't matter to us at all.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or525-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",SCAM!!!!,"Don't get scammed by this an absolutely apauling excuse for a hotel, tried to charge us 3 times for the 2 nights we stayed, and told us we wasn't to leave until they had received a payment, which wasn't going to happen. Poor communication with the staff, you would think a hotel in London would have English speaking staff. We struggled to find the hotel when we first arrived so we rang the hotel reception for directions and all they had to say was I don't know. Very unhelpful. The state of the hotel reception and stairways its unexceptable, walking through the front door of the hotel there and wires hanging out the walls I actually tripped on one of them as I came back one night. The noise of builders is ridicolus and the dust is discusting. Walking through the halls half the…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or525-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE experience ever,"Every time I visit the country, I always opt for a hotel close by to the destination required.   This time I opted for an en-suite 3 bedroom at the Cromwell Crown Hotel. My dad, my sister and myself were very disappointed with the outcome for the following reasons.    Please find attached images which refer to my compliant below :-      1.Image 2176 The bath was very dirty when we first entered and was never cleaned throughout our stay. We were never given any toilet paper. We had to ask for the toiler paper and it had to be collected by us after a certain amount of times calling reception.  2.Image 2177 On the internet it states that the lift is accessible to all floors whereas to find our room it took us ages opening and closer a number of doors.  3.Image 12948 The door didnt…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or525-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",rodent infested halfway house,"Completely disgusting, mouldy & dilapidated- I left within 1 minute when a rodent lept out of the wardrobe at me.  The room was the size of a shoebox & so was the bathroom.  It was absolutely revolting & unsanitary.  The entire hotel is in a state of demolition/disrepair & the rooms are no better.  For the extremely brief moment I was there you could hear people screaming at each other in another language from one of the rooms. I wouldn't house criminals in a place like that- you'd be better off sleeping on the street.  They're trying to hang on to my payment too- utterly disgraceful.  Can't believe a place like that is allowed to stay open in this day & age.  This is quite seriously the worst hotel- worst room, in fact - I've ever seen.  There's got to be heroin shooting…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or525-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Our Savours!,"We broke down outside this hotel on a late Sunday winter afternoon and had to wait four hours for the R.A.C. to turn up; it was wet and cold and after a while we were desparate to use the toilet; when we went into this hotel the receptionist was fantastic, he let us use the toilets and offered us cups of tea.  The hotel was in the middle of building work but they still helped us!",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or530-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Economical hotel with an ideal location - go for double bed room on third floor,"I booked a single bed for GBP 39 per day for two nights. When I reached hotel, I found that repair work was still on and my room was small. When I entered my room, the fire alarm went on and started giving some noise.   However, I got my room changed on my request to double bed room. The new room was good and quite ok. It was on third floor with a view of cromwell. road. I would like to mention here that in such rates, the location is ideal. Its only a few minutes from nearest tube station with all the museums in its vicinity.   Go for room on third floor and book double bed, even if you're going there alone. I am quite sure that after repair work, this hotel will have better interior. Till that time, guests might have to demonstrate some pateience! :-)       ",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or530-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Rooms were ok but customer focus is lacking,"We stayed here for 2 nights, rooms were small but clean (although they didn't wash the cups in the room service). My main complaint was breakfast as a vegetarian I asked if they had any veggie sausages, something that should be a given in this day and age but they didn't have any and weren't going to pop out to the shop across the road to satisfy a customer request. The next thing I asked for was an earl grey tea and again was met with just black tea. I couldn't quite believe they didnt have that option!!! Last gripe was the bar was closed at midnight and they definitely were not going to change this for residents at 12.30. In this customercentric world I really feel it's the little things that make you want to go back and I definitely would not be booking with the Cromwell…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or530-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Hotel under renovation, hotel is a not up to scratch","I booked a queen size room for £113 a night for 2 nights. On arriving at the hotel I thought is this some sort of joke, dirty frontage and renovation work going on.  Plasterboard throughout the building with carpets part removed and wiring hanging out of walls.  Workers started banging on things just before 9 so no sleep in.  Got into room thought looked ok apart from carpet could do with a clean, went straight out for something to eat and came back about 10pm, the noise from constant traffic outside lasted all night, the windows were not fit for purpose i actually thought a pane of glass might be missing it just did not keep out the noise or the cold draft.  The second night the room was extremely cold so we asked at reception about the a/c not working and they said they would…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or530-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"This hotel is undergoing renovations and Workcover would have a ball over safety measures. The carpets were unsafe and extention leads ran everywhere making it a manœuvring nightmare. Room was in basement, no lift. Very dangerous carrying suitcase up and down stairs. Furniture was very basic. Pine type bed, bedside tables and wardrobe with door out of whack. Teamaking facilities was on bedside table. No phone. A/c didn't work and am not sure it was even connected ! Bathroom was nice BUT no bathmat or hand towel just 2 bath towels. Continental breakfast was sparce no hot food. The window or heater leaked and carpet was damp. When told to reception the reply was "" Oh yes we know about that. Dont walk on that side of the bed its dangerous "" Reception staff didn't speak English very…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or530-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever experienced,"I have travelled extensivly across Asia, Africa, Central America, North America and Europe. This is absolutely the worst hotel I have ever experienced. Their pictures on their website do not reflect the real thing. At 10:50 am I am in my underwear next to the door and about to dress up. Suddenly the door is opening without a knock or warning. I push the door closed but the person keeps on pushing and trying to get in to my room. She starts yelling: ""chek-out time is 11.""",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or535-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, decent value.","We were a little worried about staying here after reading the reviews but I have to say that, overall, it was a good experience.  Ok yes, the hotel is undergoing some updating but it does seem to be nearing completion. The reception area is being worked on so for now, the area has been partitioned off  and is a little cramped but this won't be forever.  The staff we met were friendly and helpful and I don't really have any complaints about the room.  We were in a room at the back of the hotel and so suffered no traffic noise - It had been updated and, while small, was clean and well laid out.  Cleanliness is probably most important to me in an hotel room and I have no complaints about the hotel with regards to this.  Yes, I have stayed in better hotels but I have also paid a lot…",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or535-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",cheap and there's a good reason why. Do not stay here!,"When arriving at the hotel we were greeted by a reception undergoing renovations works with a group of foreign arguing 'lads', the staff in the reception were doing nothing to calm the situation down leaving us feeling rather unsafe. When speaking to the staff and based on this welcome we asked to cancel our booking but were told we would still have to pay for our first night at the hotel. We said we would stay there the first night and then leave, however, after walking around the area and visiting atleast 10 different hotels all the hotels were fully booked for the saturday night and most of them the sunday aswell.   Downstairs is horrendous however upstair the hotel appears alot better. Until you try and use anything.  The bathroom and photos of the room look beautiful for…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or535-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Receptionist,"I had been there just for a night. Since I had no booking and all hotels were fully booked, I walked into this hotel and asked the receptionist for a room. Initially the hotel looked uncomfortable since it is still under construction. But the room given to us by the receptionist was wonderful. Suggest all that the rooms in 3rd and 4th floor are the best in all. The reception staff was supportive specially one of them ""Alice"" she was very helpful and kind. She explained everything in a polite and better manner in comparison to the other reception staff. It was wonderful to see a smiling reception by her. Well the over all experience was wonderful the room in the third floor was wonderful and spacious. Will surely visit again looking at the hospitality of the reception staff…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or535-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Short Stay,"Spent a weekend in this hotel recently and the best thing about it was that it was very well located. As it was being renovated first impressions were very bad as the reception area was a building site and as we were early we asked could we leave our bags until check in.We were told to put them in the breakfast room and as we walked there we regretted our decision to stay here as the place was in very bad condition. After booking in and going to our room , which was located on the fourth floor, things got better as the room was already renovated and was clean and had all we needed. We stayed two nights and after the initial shock it was basic but OK. As it was cheap to stay there , I would say we got what we paid for.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or535-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER!,"When I checked into the Cromwell Crown Hotel I was apprehensive as it was really ""cheap"" for London. I was working and needed somewhere close to stay. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the room, in fact I was impressed.   I returned back to the hotel just before midnight after a long day to find two other occupants asleep in my room! (My belongings were still in the room!) The receptionist accompanied me to the room and then proceeded to wake the said occupants and then I had to retrieve my belongings whilst they were still half asleep in bed!!!!! I did not get all my items and in the process an expensive pair of sunglasses were ""lost""!  I was then subjected to the receptionist trying to find me another room!   The first was a room that had not been made up - in fact the…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or540-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible receptionist service for us from the start!,"Booked one triple room for myself,partner and child,for three nights. Clearly stated on the booking form as request for 'back room away from traffic,as my partner is a light sleeper' and knowing we were in the Kensington area,the traffic would be busy all night.  My request was totally ignored and we were given a smelly basement room at the front!  Was woken up several times as workmen were using the basement door to recieve goods. At 3.30am the hotel staff were accepting delivery,they were very loud. I lost my rag with the driver and staff and told them to be quiet,which was all in vain. After hardly any sleep. went down to the reception in the morning to point out that we had,had no sleep and asked to be re - located into a back room,was given another card key,only to find out…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or540-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Bad,"Do not accept room 204 sold as a superior double it is at best a single, bed right against the window meaning that I had to climb over hubbie to use the bathroom in the night, breakfast was abysmal, plus side was it cost 87 quid for the night, that however was the only plus, I would not stay here again",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or540-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","good service , poor enviroment",the room i stayed in was old and the matress was depressed and caused me back ache the next morning. the website doesnt reflect the real deal. my room was also very small. it was iike a prison cell,Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or540-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Definite value for money. Refurbishments have paid off.,"I heard that refurbishments had been taking place at this hotel, and that if I come there, I should be sure to ask for a refurbished room. When I arrived with my boyfriend we were offered one of these ( I assume this is when you pay for Economy rooms or higher - Budget rooms are probably rough).  The room was very nice, comfortable bed, nice tv, interior design was pleasant, and the en-suite bathroom was very modern and slick. The reception and downstairs area doesn't quite match the upper floors in appearance (where all the nice rooms are I'd presume) so don't be put off by initial sightings. A really nice stay here for 2 nights, the main criticism I would have is that the breakfast is a bit average, but with the value I paid for and the quality of the room, I genuinely was…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or540-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Rip-off,"Despite the central location being great value for money, and the rooms not being too repugnant, I had a horrible experience staying at the Cromwell Crown. This was nothing to do with the dirty rooms, questionable sheets, broken shower and paper thin walls. I only stayed there for one night as a hub for a party I was going to in Central London, so only spent around 5/6 hours in the hotel. A few hours after checking out I was called by reception saying that their cleaner couldn't find the remote control for my room and that I would be charged £15 for it's replacement. I explained that not only had I not used the TV, I hadn't seen a remote, or even spent enough time in the room to notice there was even a television present. However, the reception staff were not interested in any…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or545-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced and misleading advertising,"The website through which we booked(your website!) advertised our room as ""Double Queen Superior"" with ""2 large double beds"". On that basis we made the booking. The room supplied to us had one double bed and, although the room had recently been renovated, could certainly not be catergorised as ""superior"". In addition, no hand towel, no bath mat and no hairdryer were supplied. The air conditioning did not function throughout our 5 night stay. Accordingly, the price of 105.50 GBP per night, without breakfast, is a rip-off. In other parts of England and Ireland we received better accommodation, including a full cooked breakfast, for 52.00 GBP to 60.00 GBP. ",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or545-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pre Paid Room. Value for Money. Great Location.,"We chose the Cromwell as it offered value for money and is centrally located. After reading the reviews we booked a refurnbished room. Booking direct with the hotel we pre paid for two nights and were happy with the tariff. Because we knew they were refurbishing the state of the front reception and ground floor areas didn't phase us. I must mention Alice the lovely receptionist who was most helpful. On the whole the stay was very good, the room was clean and the fixtures are what you would expect for the tariff we paid, although we had to complain about the shower as we couldn't get any hot water.  When leaving I discussed the shower again and I was advised that I needed to speak to the manager who unfortunately was not in as it was Sunday. I rang Mr Khan on Monday to discuss…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or545-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Well worth the money now but not sure it will be later,"We stayed for two nights in May and took the chnce having read the reviews. I must say thank fully we were prepared as when you arrive the outside is shabby and your heart would sink if you hadn;t known it was under construction. The reception looks like a building site and the lower level exactly the same. Do not eat there. We had booked a superior room in a quiet part of the hotel and that is what we got, 07/08/09/10 rooms are quiet. The levels that have been renovated are far different, nuce carpets etc and a good look on the surface but it is done on the cheap. We had bleach marks on the carpet. The bathroom light never goes off, the sink is too small so when you put the tap on it flows onto the floor. The toilet was filling for 40 mins after flushing, the shower door didn't…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or545-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",a mixed bag of modern and very old and shabby central london hotel,"we stayed in this hotel for one night only over a weekend in london, its true that you are in a very central location just 5 minutes from gloucester road underground, excellent for kensington, victoria, and chelsea..i did appreciate that the hotel was under construction and is definately a storey of two halfs, but the contrast is extreme. on arriving on a very hot sticky night the front reception made my heart sink, grubby,dark and very old. A member of staff booked us in. he was polite but felt like we were booking into a hostel, after paying for the room he gave us a old room plastic key and told us our room was on the first floor, we had to ask where breakfast was served and he gestured to the grubby hall and said 'through there' and it was served between  8-9.30.we went into…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or545-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Junior Suite,"At the end of April I have been in London with my 3 friends. We made a last minute booking searching on internet. We saw some bad reviews on Trip Advisor but rooms cost effective. In that period the only room available was a Junior Suite, we thought it was expensive but actually in the web site we found a special promotion for 3 nights with breakfast included and we booked immediately by email.  We arrived to Victoria Station in late evening but in 15 minutes we reached the Hotel. The first impression wasn’t so good because the Reception was under construction and corridors needed some work done but the Receptionist explained us that the Hotel will be completely renovated in few weeks. He was very friendly and polite and he spoke Italian like us. He suggested us the best places…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or550-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good service, newly designed rooms","I had stayed in this hotel last year and to be honest it was quite ancient but cheap for the location in South Kensington, very central and close to everything. However after checking online, I was pleasantly surprised that it looked like it was given a complete renovation so I booked again and didn’t make a mistake. It was still good value and the room was new, with nicely designed furniture, a lot of light, and what is very important and often a let down, the bathroom- was refurbished to high standard top quality one would expect in a 5 star hotel. The room was cleaned every day and the staff was very pleasant and friendly and knew what was going on in the area. There was a desk but still no wi-fi in the rooms but I was told they are working on putting some soon. So overall my…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or550-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Me and my husband found this hotel to be great value for money given the way it is situated in such a prime location where all the other choices of hotels were way more expensive. There were renovations going on and when we entered the hotel we thought we would be staying on a building site, but the noise was kept to a minimum and we were out most of the day so it didn’t bother us. We were given one of the new rooms which clearly was done to a high standard and looked amazing compared to how it must have looked before ( saw some photos posted when reading the reviews before booking and it really didn’t look nice but the new rooms are excellent). I guess what is a plus as a good location can be a downside as the rooms being on a busy road means night time it can get noisy. As…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or550-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cool renovations looking good,"Nice rooms, need more facilities, fridge and ironing board. I see the floors are in excellent conditions shame about the corridors which need to be carpted. the rooms were modern looking with beautiful bathrooms. good street view.new carpting and beds, others would love the finish rooms.  Excellent location close to glouster road and earls court underground tube station.Staff are very friendly and polite I see them speaking in different languages very useful.  The breakfast needs some improvement and the dining room needs a complete uplift. The receiption is under construction at the moment.Construction Noise seems to come from the basement, we were out all day so didn't bother us,as we were visting the city.  Keep it up guys. Hopefully will see the end product the next time i…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or550-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Of all the hotels I have ever stayed in this has got to be one of the worst. It was dirty and dangerous. My room had wires hanging out of the walls!! The tv didn't work at all and the room was freezing.  Admittedly there was a few renovations going on but there were parts of the hotels that were positively dangerous. The carpet on the stairs was not secured and was loose. Whilst there part of the lift ceiling broke off. The lift doesn't go to all floors and so if you are on the second or fourth floor you have to drag your luggage up one or two flights of stairs.  ,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or550-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Best Bang for you Buck~ But you can't be picky!,"The other reviews I read were great. If you are looking for somewhere to rest your head and do not need any frills, this is a great place! It is in a nice neighborhood.  Pros: clean, warm, brand new room (if you get a new room- if you don't, I wouldn't want to stay), safe, flat screen TV, big bathroom, plenty of places to get a cheap breakfast in the area, close to the tube, things to do around the hotel  Cons: No phones or wi-fi in the rooms, single pane windows = noisy and if you have the bed close the the window then you will be chilly at times The service was awful, the people working the desk were nice but had no idea where anything in the area was. They didn't even know east and west.  I rec. using the concierge at the Holiday Inn down the street!  ",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or555-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",For the money...but still the quality is poor.,It is a kind of fleapit. But we chose it and it covered our needs. It was cheap and we stayed there for three days or so. But we chose another place for our next stay.,Date of stay: April 2011,2.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or555-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"The room we got first was very small, so we ask for another one....which was not really much bigger, but clean, tidy and newly decorated! During our stay the hotel was being refurbished, so every morning the construction workers woke us up with their noise. The elevator was kind of ancient, only sometimes working. Staff - average, the really best thing about was the location !",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or555-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Ewww!,"The hotel didn't look like ANYTHING on the pictures. The room was smelly, dirty and the walls had big stains, finger marks on the walls. It was very noisy as well.   The staff didn't seem to have worked in a hotel before either.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or555-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay for fair price,"We stayed in the hotel for three nights. The room was ok (it was really huge, but there were no furnitures except a bed and a cupboard, therefore there was really much unused space), the en-suite bathroom was really great (it seemed to be really new). The room was cleaned every day, which was really fine. But outside the room, in the hallways, the hotel was a little bit scraby.  A big problem for us, was that the room was very noisy. We were located directly next to the door that leads to the stairway. People used this door very often and everytime it was used it was really loud. Moreover, we were located in the 5th floor, which was bad, since the lift hardly works... The Location of the hotel is great: subway (5 min walk) and Sainsbury (1 min walk) are really close ",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or555-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Had to leave it was so horrible!!,"This hotel room looked nothing like the quality shown in the pictures. It was  a grotty little box room, very tired and run-down, the lock on the door was dodgy and could have easily been broken in to. I did not feel safe. It had no tea making facilities. It looked fairly clean but it smelt so badly of cigarette smoke that it gave me a headache. Also the lobby's and corridors looked half built, where skirting boards were not attached and wire were hanging out from the floors and ceilings. The final straw was when I opened the curtains to see several builders worker right outside. In the end we did not spend the night here and instead found a nicer hotel in south Kensington. Did not receive any refunds. Please if you have any standards you expect to find after paying £50 for one…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or560-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"After reading some terrible reviews, I was delighted when the lift opened and I saw we had been given a refurbished room. Though the hotel itself was basic, and the foyer is very tired looking, the room itself was excellent value for money. The bed felt clean (and I'm fussy) and the modern bathroom was spotless (even if I didn't like the drainage grill on the floor). I was impressed by the rain shower  and the wall-mounted TV, and there was a kettle with tea/coffee (cups need renewing). The room, though not large, was adequate for sleeping purposes and was bright  with a view over nice traditional townhouses. We thought the room smelled a touch of smoke when we first entered, but it may have been the new furniture. The no-frills Reception was helpful both at check-in and…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or560-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good,"For the money, this hotel was clean, comfy, very good value, and the shower was fab.. I have only given it a 3 on sleep quality as I am a light sleeper and it is situated on a very busy road. On the 2 nights we stayed, which was Fri and Sat. - I was kept awake with sirens blasting in the street every hour - my companions however, slept right through. I would skip the breakfast, as for £7 you can get 2 breakfasts at a cafe down the road.   Overall though, I would stay there again as it is one of the best budget hotels in London I have ever stayed in.  ",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or560-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"My stay at this hotel was absolutely appalling, worse than some homes I've been in. It was dirty, my bed had hairs in it and marks on the sheets, the ceiling was disgusting. Made me feel very uncomfortable I couldnt even use the bathroom it was that dirty and unclean, total different to any descriptions on their website, the taps were dripping, the heating wasn't working. Never again would I stay at the Cromwell Crown hotel.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or560-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Under construction,It is under construction and workers still work in the hotel so sometimes you may hear some noises. The reception and entrance may look shabby but rooms were cleaned and cozy. they have tried their best to give the best services but i think they are a little unexperienced.   ,Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or560-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Dont make a mistake, price looks cheap but a jail room is better","the WORST hotel  I have ever stayed in. If you think this review is wrong just waste your money and go to this hotel! Do not make our mistake and think oh dont always believe the reviews and it'll be ok. ...IT WONT! trust me spend more on a better hotel and your trip will not be ruined! .. I booked the room via an agent, and after having seen the photos on their website, I felt confident.  Once arrived, I was shocked. Not only because of the staff, but actually because of EVERYTHING The shower is not working The toilet has problem an is not clean, it is quite dirty The room which I have been there was full of rubbish they didn't clean it! I traveld in the snowy night and outsite was so cold unfotunatly the  room was cold ,they ignored me when I complined!!!!!!! PLEASE PLEASE…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or565-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What a shock,"This hotel was booked by mistake and what a shock it was.  The hotel is being renovated, there is a terrible noise all day and everywhere is covered in dust.  The toilet didn't flush, the plug in the sink didn't fit, toilet roll holder was broken as was the fixing for the shower.  The room was so small the double bed was against the wall.  Television didn't work.  I will say that the bed was comfortable but we couldn't turn off the radiator which was touching the head of the bed with only a pillow seperating our heads from the metal. The hotel is in a good area for visiting the museums and The Albert Hall.",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or565-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",In Polar Artic,"Hotel is beeing in reconverting operationin a good hotel but it still works and the service is very poor. Rooms that have been refurbished are in a aparent good condition but then you notice that heating does not work, that television is not connected, telephone has no signal, and that it it very cold inside the room when outside it is something about 0º celsius!!!!!",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or565-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusted!!!,"Came to London for the weekend and was booked in for this hotel for one night. Booked it in Sept. No problems, no phone calls, no emails. 4 of us turned up to eventually be told the reservation had been cancelled by them because the hold on the credit card didnt pass???? This is really strange, however, they did have a room they offered which was unhabitable..shame we didnt tape the offer or room or we could pay an extra 100 pound to upgrade. Was not happy with this as not our fault, no apology, no trying to help us...nothing!!! We did however manage to get a really really nice hotel, 100 times better just up the road and whilst this did cost a little more we were happy in the knowledge we had somewhere to stay that night in London.  Please avoid this hotel at all costs...could…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or565-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!,"the WORST hotel i have ever stayed in..do not make our mistake and think oh dont always believe the reviews and it'll be ok ....IT WONT! trust me spend more on a better hotel and your trip will not be ruined!  ....we booked a double room which on the website looked lovely these are not pictures of the room u will get....this is not the reality!  the first room we were taken into the basement had to negociate our way around  a huge pile of dirty washing thrown all over the floor..our room i could only liken to a prison cell it had 4 single beds with damp dirty decor and carpet it was discusting..we complained and were moved to a room with a double bed,the room was dirty had barely workable shower in fact i darent use it! bed linen was dirty and the room was damp/dark,we were due…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or565-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE ....A JAIL ROOM IS PROBABLY BETTER,"We came to London in September 2011 and we booked this place through 'Easy rooms"". When we arrived we were asked immediatelly to pay the bill. Then we were given the keys of the room and OMG! The most terrible experience that we eevr had with accommodation. We travelled with our 2 1/2 year old daughter and another family with 2 kids. The rooms we were given you could not let you dog sit on that carpet, nevermind the children. The shower was dirty, smelly, broken tiles on the floor the toilet is on 45 degree angle. Pilliows are 1 cm thick and smelly, cockroaches everywhere, Breakfast was worse, the bread was staled and they only had gem and eggs. THE PLACE IS NOT IMPROVED WE HAD TO CHECK OUT WITH 3 CHILDREN AND NO REFUND GIVEN, BECAUSE THE MANAGER WANTS TO INVESTIGATE. tHERE IS…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or570-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting damp hovel,"This hotel is quite definitely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, absolutely awful , the room is so damp I may possibly have to wring myself out when I check out , thank god I'm only here one night . Seriously thinking of going to sleep in my car. Avoid this place at all costs !!!!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or570-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for just the one night,"My friend and I stayed in this hotel for one night last week, after going to see a concert at the O2. The staff at the front desk here friendly and did what we asked.   The room was warm, comfortable and looked very nice. Bathroom was clean and fine. The hot water was temperamental, but, for £30 each for the night in Kensington (4 minutes from Gloucester Road tube station) it was more than adequate.   Didn't try the breakfast but was told that it was available, which is fine. Easy check-in and check-out process; very speedy.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or570-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",new and Improved,"hotel was very clean, friendly service and in a great location, definatley much much improved from the last time I went there.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or570-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel ever, never again!","I booked the room via an agent, and after having seen the photos on their website, I felt confident. Once arrived, I was shocked. Not only because of the staff, but actually because of EVERYTHING. They gave me a family room on the basement floor, while I booked an double room... shower was way too hot, so after half hour, I just left. They wouldnt give me my money back, however, I was afraid that by staying there for the night, I might get ill...  The Health & Safety authorities should have closed it long time ago!   Never, never, never again!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or570-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What's all the fuss about?,"I stayed at the Cromwell last week and have to admit I can't really comprehend all the bad press it receives on here.  I booked via the Hotel's website and felt an immense sense of dread when I checked it out on here after booking (probably the one time I have not checked prior to booking) and thought I had booked into Chernobyl.  My booking was late and as such due to fiancial constraints I did not have all that many alternatives, but the reviews on here made me debate a bivvy bag on Clapham Common.  True the furnishings have seen better days and there was an alsation working the reception desk (who turned out to be incredibly efficient) - but it was a comfortable night in a nice clean room and the breakfast was more than adequate.  If this place was charging £200 a night I…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or575-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Bedbugs, dirty carpets, and more","I spent my first night in #211. It was so cold and I had insufficient blankets so I was huddled under what I had, so I only got bedbug bites on my thumb and forefinger. The bathroom floor tiles were cracked and jagged where one places one's feet while sitting on the toilet, or getting out of the shower. The shower curtain was moldy and had holes. The main room looked onto a narrow courtyard air shaft. The TV cable hung on by one wire. The outlet it went into crackled when I tried to adjust the cable for better reception. The TV button labels were gone, so I couldn't figure out how to get the TV to work. A construction worker showed me. The rug was old and dirty. After a bad night I went into the lobby and said I wasn't happy with my room. He didn't ask much, just got a key and…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or575-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",This place is not worth the money,"This place is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Firstly the place just looks like something out of a bad movie! It's run down! The view out of my window is soooooo rubbish with the view of other peoples places but the best bit is the curtains does not fit the actual window size. Whilst the location is handy, this hotel was not worth the 50 pounds you pay for it! Spend the extra 10 or 20 pounds and actually get somewhere nice! The room is super basic! You get a tv that doesn't work, a tap that doesn't work and the shower holder is broken so you will be standing there holding the shower head! And girls will long hair will find this a nightmare to wash their hair like this! On the same road there is a holiday inn and the crown hotel...go there!!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or575-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"I have spent the last 10 years travelling with my work and I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  The website does not reflect the hotel in any way shape or form.  The room is approximately 8ft x 10ft.   The carpet was so dirty I could not walk on it with the bare feet. The only ""Facility"" was the TV which had no reception and the electical cable was held together with electrical tape. The fire alarms  did not appear to be connected up  as the cables were blank, sticking out of the wall. There was no ""Friendly and welcoming reception"". This hotel is quite frankly a scam and should be shut down.  When I arrived I was told, ""No good rooms available, you book to late"", I am guessing, but I am assuming this is told to every guest who enters the…",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or575-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",SHUT IT DOWN,SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN hse should go in and shut this place down bedbugs dirty mattress smelly rude terrible food cold please never stay here EVER!,Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or575-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again,"The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Room very basic. T.V broken, wallpaper peeling off,no hairdryer, not coffe/tea making facilities, not even a plactic cup available, no bedside lockers. Bathroom just as bad. Broken tiles on the floor, dripping taps, broken toilet roll holder,terrible smell. Breakfast was a joke,offering hardly anything. Renovation is taking place.Normally a hotel closes for the time that is needed for the renovation but not this one. They have the cheek to carry on as normal,get as much money as they can out of their customers and offer nothing. Won't ever go back",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or580-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful!,"Booked this hotel as it was reasonably priced(not cheap though) had a terrible feeling as we pulled up outside in taxi as it was very grubby outside and vacancy light only lit up in parts! Should have realised then. Staff were rude, unfriendly and arrogant. Walked through a building site  to find bedroom. No threads left on this carpet! Room had recently been refurbished and was modern. However, something White and slimy was stuck on the window behind the curtains!! Breakfast if you can call it that was uneatable. Cornflakes were already in the bowl before arrival and rubber cheap, thin toast with margarine was served cold. I have never been served tropical squash for breakfast in a hotel and we ended up in a really nice cafe down the road instead. This is most definitely the…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or580-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel!,"The staff were rude, the rooms were unclean, I got bit by bed bugs! Never again!",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or580-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Words cannot express how bad this hotel is!,"I have stayed in some bad hotels around the world in my time but NOTHING comes close to this hotel. It is the most disgusting, dirty, grotty hotel I have ever ever stayed in. The reception and the service is a good indication of what the rooms are like. We had four rooms of two booked. One of the rooms were lucky enough to be situated in the newly refurbished section of the hotel, however the rest of us were not so lucky.  The rooms and cleanliness were absolutely disgusting.  As soon as we entered the room, the smell of bleach was breath taking. The mattress was stained and the bed linen was also stained with a massive burn mark in it. The furniture was dated and extremely dirty; the carpet was so worn it was barley there and the curtain did not even fit the window.  It was…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or580-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst dump we've ever stayed inn. Stay away!,"We only decided to stay here because all other hotels in central London were full due to bank holiday + champion's league final weekend. Apart from the location, we don't have anything good to say about this hotel. Pretty close to Gloucester road underground station, and handy shopping nearby. We did stay in the old part of the hotel, so can't speak for the newly refurbished rooms. The list of shortcomings could be made very long, and the first thing to happen was that we almost got hit by a bag of flying dirty laundry that one of the staff threw downstairs without looking to see if someone was there. Nice greeting! The room; dirty carpets, dirty bed spread, curtain didn't fit window, lock on door didn't seem safe, paper-thin walls (bring earplugs and a sleeping mask!!!) so…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or580-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",the worst hotel in my life,"Ok, for such a cheap rate (65 pounds per night) you cannot pretend the moon.  But a decent sleep yes, don't think is too much to hope for..  My friend and I were given a ""basement room"", and this was disclosed only after the full payment of the room (they pretended this to be done upon check-in).  The lobby is shabby and decadent, and the personnel totally inadequate. They were 3 to perform, jointly, the tasks of a poorly diligent newly employed.  At the bottom of the stairs that lead to the basement floor we started to feel the humidity in the air. After some minutes we could feel it in our bones.  This should suffice to make you choose a different hotel, but also consider that:  -	the furniture dates back to many many years ago; -	the window had two scars and a continuous…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or585-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",An expensive nightmare,"The truth is that half of the rooms are just ok an d the other half are a NIGHTMARE. If you book in this hotel you are playing an expensive lottery. Please, don't be a fool, look for another hotel. The area is full of hotels and B+B",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or585-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've ever stayed in,Unless the alternative is sleeping on a park bench then I'd advise anyone to give this hotel a wide berth. It was dirty with no customer service and no IT capability =- everything done on scruffy bits of paper. It was also very noisy with plumbing works and carroover of other guests from the corridors. I left after only 3 hours sleep feeling far from refreshed and rested.,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or585-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Modern, tidy rooms","+Brand new rooms, furnished in Ikea style +Clean and modern bathroom +Our room was exactly like in the new nice pictures of the hotel, the ugly pictures must have been taken before the renovation +Electric lock on the door that opened with a card (modern!) +The hallways upstairs were new and stylish +The breakfast was basic (cereals, milk, cheap toast and bitter marmalade & coffee/tea) but it was included to the price so we didn't expect anything special +Near to the metro  -The reception is old and doesn't look that appealing -The elevator was scary as hell and didn't work properly -The stairs were old and dirty, had suspicious-looking renovation stuff laying on them, holes on the walls etc -We stayed two nights and on the first morning we woke up at 7.30am for the renovation…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or585-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be so naive!,"Don't be so naive as I was... If 9 out of 10 visitors say it's ""bad, bad, bad!"" don't think your own visit will improve the hotel's overall quality.  I thought, hey, I need this place for sleeping only after being on business all day, how bad this can be? My big regret - no pictures! But I was running so fast out of that place that didn't have time and will of taking any pictures.  The biggest problem is the management. Any complain or questions is met with the same response ""There is a construction going on..."" - Which simply means they try to make renovations at their visitors' expense. CLOSE THE HOTEL for one month, renovate it, and only then open it! But no any kind of renovation will ever change this hotel, unless the management is renovated completely.  You enter the…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or585-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location at a cheap price but you pay for it,"Well, the other reviews sums up what you will find at this hotel, BUT there are some good points!  The hotel is obviously being renovated because the decor in the rooms is modern, but the building is in shambles. The room and bathroom decor was modern (except for the old TV).  This hotel is very old! The left is ancient, the walkways are dirty, but the rooms are pleasant looking so it is very unbalanced.  Our room was on the 2nd floor and the noise from the street traffic can be disturbing if you are a light sleeper (luckily for me and the kids this did not interfere with our rest).  The bargain is the price and location.  When we checked into our room the one of my biggest disappointments was the OBVIOUSLY dirty bedspread that was on one of the double beds. I told the employee…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or590-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",New incoronation for the Cromwell Crown,"I ought write a few lines for all those who have visited, often with disappointement, this budged hotel, but probably the most convenient option for cheap accomdation in central London. Forget the brushy purple Karachi vintage puttern carpets with traces of salt&vinegar crisps and the thick oily assimmetric pinkish curtains behind the dusty widows. The hotel is under renovation, and almost impossible to recognize even for those who have been regular visitors in the last 15 years. I always have found exquisite assistance within the hotel stuff, and never incurred in any particular trouble. However it must be stressed that the new interiors, renovated floors and rooms were designed with most refined elegance, cleanliness and style. Functional but with warmt. Pictures might be more…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or590-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER STAY HERE!,"You must be a physco if you are planning to stay here. this is the WORST hotel EVER!!!                                                                                                                                              ----------- I dont know what the upstairs and ground floor room's are like, but the BASEMENTS are shambles! this is the worst way ive ever spent around 200pound!   we had to go through 3 rooms. then we decided to leave, we had enough!  1ST ROOM-                             -DIRTY shower                             -Gross carpets like they have never been cleaned or hoovered!                             -planks of wood outside the window                             -wire's hanging out of the walls                             -unsecure beds                 …",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or590-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheapest choice. Turned out awful.,"Went to London for a concert trip. Didn't book beforehand.  The cheap price was a giveaway for us, not meaning to spend time in the hotel room, wanting to see the city. Didn't worry about standards...   We were disappointed. I mean, even if all we ask is a bed with some kind of sheets, we'd probably want clean sheets. Which we didn't get..  The door didn't lock, and we were told there was no way to store valuables downstairs, no safekeeping was provided,  and all the rooms had a sign saying the hotel would not take responsibility for any valuables stored in the room.  Well well, welcome all you thugs looking trough my luggage looking for money.   The bathtub / shower in the room made the difference. Whenever you spent time showering, the dirty gray water kept pooling up in the…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or590-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",excellent stay new room were very very beautiful,"Although they are refurbishing, I stayed in the new rooms and they are splendid. The rooms have good new carpet, new beds,washrooms .  when i entered the room it was breath taking to see the refurbished rooms beautiful decorated and furnished to high standard.. I also enjoyed their breakfast and good service. Excellent hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. I wish cromwell crown hotel good luck on there refurnishment",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or590-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",rude manager,"I am wodering if any of the staff has been through any sort of customer service training. It seems like a hospital atmosphere in the ""hotel"" There is some effort in trying to make the hotel look pretty but I am very uminpressed by dirty sheets, dusty rooms and unfriendly staff. I would not recommend this hotel there are better ones I have stayed at before where the staff from reception to cleaners are much more pleasant.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or595-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing staff especially the Indian girl, Neha","It's was overall a good experience we were here on a leisure visit came to london for the first time the receptionist Neha who was very friendly and accommodating and very patient when we had a a hundred plus questions about places to visit. Cromwell Crown was suggested by one my friend who had stayed here before. As suggested the rates are inexpensive compared to other hotels in the area. also the hotel is in walk-able distance to earl's court and Gloucester road and i must please try Da Mario - italian restaurant on gloucester rd the food is amazing.      I stayed for the first time in this hotel in room 106, clean room, i wasn't expecting much since i had checked reviews of hotels in the central london area that the room size are small in general. It's worth the money for the…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or595-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Have just returned home after two night stary at Cromwell Crown and I have read all the reviews and although they are not the same they are all correct.    It is a great location close to District Line.   It is still in the process of being refurbished so the bits that are done are OK and the rest is old, tired, cluttered with building materials and not very clean.      There is breakfast but it is basic, bowls of cornflakes ready poured for you, Orange ? already in glass, toast, marmalade and butter (?) The staff are very friendly and polite and the room we had was one of the newly refurbished ones and though small it was nicely done and had what we needed.  Unfortunately they were let down by some of their new fittings which were already broken (door handles, bed-side light). …",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or595-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant hotel @ excellent cost,"Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel recently went we checked in they put us in a non refurbished room, which was horrible,so we went straight to reception and they moved us straight away. We got moved into room 101 on the first floor it was amazing and we were very pleased. It had two storeys with a king size and double bed, two desks upstairs and down with wardrobes a bay window with two chairs and a table a tv and the bathroom was brilliant with a monsoon shower head, the only thing was it was a little cold but I would definatley come back. They are in the middle is refurbishing but it did not affect our stay.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or595-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasantly surprised,"I work throughout the UK as a consultant engineer and have to stop over at many different locations and I have seen all manner of accommodation and I must say the Cromwell Crown Hotel took me by surprise, the location was excellent, and the room was practically like new .The bath room was just what you would expect from a top notch hotel, I noticed it even had an Air-con unit in the room. I noticed some improvement work going on in parts of the hotel but it had no effect on my stay there probably part of a refurbishment scheme as some parts of the hotel looked older than others. The staff where very helpful and friendly ,sorry I can’t comment on the breakfast as I had an early start and had to make do with a coffee in my room. Overall very happy and at the price I paid I will…",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or595-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel...,I am from Glasgow.I came to London for couple of days and stayed in this hotel. I am so embarrassed to say that this sort of hotel are still exist in the market.some of the staff are Europeans and doesn't even know how to speak English and how to treat the customers. I would recommend zero customers to this hotel and on my check out day one of the staff was literally begging to give a positive review for this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or600-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",not so bad!!!!,"after reading all these bad reviews i was tempting to cancel my booking..... when I arrived in the hotel i saw the old receptio desk and i thought, maybe al the reviews were correct, instead a very friendly an polite receptionist checked us in and gave us the keys of our room.....we took the lift and i was scared cause it seemed to me a lift taken from the horror movie....when finally we reached our room.....we booked a family economy room, probably one of the new room....luckily the room was cleaned and we received every day cleaned towel. Reception staff was always very kind and helpfull with us. therefore, i was nicely surprised!!! on the other end there were some things to be improved for my opinion: 1. the corridor were always dirty because they were working on the hotel;…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or600-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in the world,This is without any doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. It is filthy and the service is apalling. The owners should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. You will honestly have a better nights sleep if you find a cardboard box and sleep in a doorway.,Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or600-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay in London,"It was really beautiful and nice stay in this hotel. Everything was new, the room was luxurious and clean. Also the bathroom was comfortable and useful unlike other english bathrooms. The staff was kind and diligent and we are really satisfied with our stay in Cromwell Crown Hotel.  The only disappointing thing were breakfeasts. It wouldn't be bad to change sometimes the menu. At least the hotel could try to change the jam. It's little thing to do, but it would make our stay absolutely perfect.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or600-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location in central london,"Most competitive  price on whole London, we stayed in new room absolutely beautiful, staff was great we understood that rooms are refurbished, what we paid that we get excellent value for money, have very comfortable stay, friendly atmosphere.  well done Cromwell crown hotel you are improving your hotel.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or600-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good Nothing Else,"good location in central london, i booked single economy and it is good, first i was stayed in last year, the room was not good but not they do all thing new like 3star hotel.  new bed, new carpet i mean every thing is new and good.",Date of stay: February 2011,3.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or605-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"The Cromwell Crown was the filthiest hole I've ever stayed in.Myself and my sister were given a bedroom with two single beds stuck together and a smell of excrement floating in the window, that faced a dingy grey wall outside.There was pubic hair on the bedsheets.The tv reception was dreadful.The bathroom floor had broken tiles that I cut my big toe on.The bath had brown stains on it.There wasn't even a bar of soap supplied.I only stayed one night thank God.I didn't even have breakfast the next morning because I thought I'd get food poisoning.Two days after I got back to Ireland I had open sores all over my body.I went to the doctor and he said I had bed bug bites.I felt violated.I hope people read this review so they'll know not to pay money to be infected and ripped off.",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or605-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Advisable if u r looking for some reasonable stay,"A change of stay because of business me n my partner stayed at this hotel Cromwell crown. It turned out to be fine. The District Tube station was close; I got one of the new refurbished rooms in 2nd floor. The room was comparatively spacious enough for two with shower and toilet, all very clean. Staff (lobby, breakfast) is friendly, competent. Breakfast is just cereal, toast with the works, drinks. Excellent location, Sainsbury’s supermarket 2 minute walks. 2 excellent restaurants across the street. Walk to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Museum of Natural History. The room had been refurbished but no safe in the room Housekeeper is not speaking English very well and the Wi-Fi is not available in the room only in lobby. The hotel is average and most reasonable travelers should…",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or605-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Should be burned!!!,"We booked on line and paid. We arrived and found we would rather sleep on a park bench. They would not refund our money and we ended up paying another establishment, the Old Bailey, which was excellent. We cannot say it strongly enough - Please people STAY AWAY FROM THE CROMWELL CROWN!!! I would not recommend this hotel to any being, let alone a friend.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or605-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay in this hotel!,"Took our daughter to Natural History Museum for her 10th birthday so hotel was ideally located. Upon arrival we were tempted to book elsewhere immediately. Cold outdated rooms, curtains hanging from the poles, filthy bathroom, cornflakes or toast for breakfast.. or cornflakes or toast.. Noisy rooms, the smell of sewage/gas permeated the hallway. I have had better budget accomodation on the back streets of Delhi!",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or605-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",shocking,"Most terrible hotel where ever stayed. There is nothing good to say about that hotel except location, which was good.  Bathroom was dirty, tv didn't work, springs from bed entailed scratches to my back. Only way to get sleep was take about 10 bottles beer before going to sleep.  My advice: stay away from that hotel.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or610-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,"Wouldn't be a great fan of Cromwell given his tendancy to burn towns and cities in Ireland  - definitely not a fan of this hotel thats named after him. Nothing to recommend it other than its location and price . Definitely a case of getting what you paid for - bring your own shampoo , shower gell etc.. as you get none . Its like a student bedsit that hasn't been upgraded since 1952 !",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or610-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL IN LONDON,"The service is terrible, the hotel is dirty, rooms FULL OF BEDBUGS and part of the staff can´t speak english, and those that can treat you as though they are doing you a favor in letting you stay in their hotel. A found a better hotel nearby and cheaper.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or610-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",I wish this hotel would burn down so no one else would have to stay here,"Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  I went in with low expectations and was shocked at how horrible it was.  The hotel is in a state of renovation, and I was lucky enough to at least get a brand new room. The room was at least fairly clean (though I peeked behind the wardrobe to see a stack of garbage a previous tenant had left behind).  The bed was TINY (I am barely 6 feet tall and my head touched one wall and my feet touched the other.  The mattress was absolutely horrendous, it would have been better to sleep straight on the floor.  The pillow was empty, I ended up putting my t-shirts in some  packing bags to at least have something to rest my head on.  All the plumbing in the shower was loose, leading to water spraying EVERYWHERE when I tried to shower.  I did…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or610-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Better off staying in a hostel!!!,"The pictures outside the hotel are clearly outdated! When we arrived there were baths and tiles etc laid in the hallway.There were mattresses against the wall as we walked up the stairs to our room.The wallpaper was peeling everywhere,the shower in our room was dirty and leaked everywhere as it was running.The toilet was broken so that the cistern continuously refilled itself and we had to fix it ourselves.The carpet was filthy,the view is appalling.As we didnt know the area and what to expect,we asked the receptionist to order us a taxi and before he even picked up the phone he knew the exact amount it would come to.The taxi had no licence number or meter so we know we were in an illegal cab which obviously belonged to a friend or family member of the hotel staff.When we later…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or610-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel at all costs!!!!,"This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I travelled to London with a group of friends for my birthday. It was a whistle stop tour to see a show, therefore as it was only one night we found the price of the hotel extremley attractive. I cannot describe how awful this place was. I was in a triple room with our own private bathrom with 3 girls. The shower did not work, the walls were heavily cracked. The toilet had not been cleaned for awhile! The bed sheets were stained, the lights didn't work. The windows were cracked and the door did not lock. We had to barricade our suitcases against the door so as to keep it shut. The rooms smelled stale and damp and the windows did not open. On top of all that the staff were extremley rude. We were only in the hotel for about 8 hours…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or615-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel we have stayed in,"should have taken heed of the reviews, small room with a double bed in. clean sheets covered a well stained matress. we had a ceiling light but also some red wires sticking out as well along side the light.  carpet had seen better days, bathroom had an added bit on the floor just by the toilet, which looked like a vent of some sort covered with maskin tape. continental breakfast was a small bowl of cornflakes and one and half pieces of toast, orange juice was squash. then we went down the road and had breakfast in a cafe . would not have liked to stay here for more than one night.  so if you read the reviews dont go to the hotel",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or615-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Sometimes you need to run the risk,"Having read all the comments on this hotel i was really afraid. But we all were nicely surprised. The room was clean, it was big, 2 double bed and a beautifull loft. The staff was nice and the breakfast as normal as you would eat at home. Maybe a bit noisy if you have a room at the front, but really worth a visit. I would go there again.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or615-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The reviews are right,"I do like to read reviews on hotels and you always get the negative ones, but this hotel is horrible! As we entered it looked alright, the staff were very friendly and gave us good direction. Once we arrive in our room, the first thing we noticed is that our light didn’t even work. Finally we got the side lamp working by tugging on its cord several times with force!!! The TV had no remote, the mirror was broken, the toilet roll holder was smashed and on the floor, the sink was loose, the drains were crusty with muck, the toilet hardly flushed, and the window sill’s paint was peeling. PS- The room stunk.  We didn’t even bother with breakfast, went to Subway instead.  WORST hotel we’ve ever stayed in.  I have pictures of our room too!",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or615-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",You wouldn't want your dog to stay here- Gateway to Hell!!!,"Do not waste a penny on this hotel it is the most disgusting place I have ever had the misfortune of stepping into!! Looked nice from the outside and the reception area wasn't too bad, but as soon as we went through the door that led to the rooms, it was like the nightmare from hell.  It stunk of something that had died and rotten in the corridor, maybe it had something to do with the badly soiled mattress's and quilt covers laying in the corridor that we had to squeeze past then step over.  Then we opened the door to our basement  room/broom cupboard, awfully smelling tiny boxed room, bed sheets stunk, windows locked, no ventilation therefore really hot, bathroom like a public toilet that hadn't been cleaned for a month.  Then when we went to reception to ask for a refund, they…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or615-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money if you're looking to...,Good value for money if you're looking to stay 1-2 nights in London and you know you'll just go there to sleep.. I wouldn't use it for a romantic w/e with my girlfriend though.. Too bad they don't have wifi IN the rooms..,Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or620-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel of Horrors,"This has to be the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay at.  Looks great from the outside apart from the scaffolding at one bit buit inside is horrific. The carpets are worn the walls are grubby with marks all over them the dorrs, frames and skirtings were all chipped and peeling.  Then there was the room. double bed and single bed in a roon big enough to be a single mayb a double at apush but hey thats ok. same with the walls and the carpets all grubby then at the window was the net curtains which looked fire damaged they were so black, nothing in  the room matched, cigarette burns in the quilt covers which were about 1mm thick. No tea and coffe (only with breakfast and thats another story) not even a glass in the room to have a glass of water.    The bathroom had…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or620-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers eat your heart out,"The most awful hotel I have every stayed in.  The room was G1 (groundfloor).  The windows were absolutely filthy.  One window was cracked and also a very large hole on top window.  Window frames and curtains filthy.  No remote control for TV.  No shades on lights.  No bath towel, just a hand towel. Bathroom did not have a toilet roll holder.  No extractor fan in bathroom, so floor was very damp after shower due to condensation. Bath was dirty, shower curtains were filthy, shower curtain rail rusty.  No tea and coffee making facilities.  One small pillow each.  I was offered a room on the 5th floor which I decided to inspect, all that was missing was Psycho and his mother!  I refused because outside in the landing there were electrical cables hanging from the ceiling.  Was then…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or620-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",very old,could do with abit of touch up.breakfast is poor.it should be a hostel,Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or620-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible and hot.,"The two good things it is cheap and not a bad location.  Everything else is bad, no AC no internet, the floors creak, the pillows are about 2 inches thick on hard lumpy beds.  Not a good place do not stay, not worth the money you may save.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or620-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay there be warned!!,This is not a hotel it is a hostel - it was so dirty that when you walked on the carpet dust came out!! I had to use a tissue on the door knobs because it was so dirty. I had to laugh because everything about the place was so bad - we didn't have breakfast because the whole place was so dirty.  I am well travelled but I can safely say this is the worse place I have ever stayed in the smell was the worse thing.  Shame on London for not condemning this place it makes me not proud to be English! - don't book it.,Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or625-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a rat hole!,"The carpets are dirty and shabby. The staff is unpleasant. The room didn't match with the pictures at all. The lift goes to the 4th floor only, then you have to go upstairs. THERE WAS NOT HEATING at the 5th (and last) floor. My room was unfortunately there. They told me that the handyman will fix that but they didn't do anything. When I complaint for the 2nd time, they just gave me extrablanket. It's the first time in my life  I couldn't sleep at all in one night. I was too cold. And in the morning, THERE WAS ONLY COLD WATER in the bathroom. I paid for a private bathroom and I couldn't take a shower. This is the worst hotel ever!!! We shouldn't label it as an hotel but as a hole for rats.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or625-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay at Cromwell Crown |Hotel,"What Can We say. We checked into the hotel and were told to put our luggage in the dining room. When  we did we were shocked to see rodent bait  placed all around the outside of the room. We went back to move into our room in the afternoon and found a very basic room with falling apart furniture and springs coming up through the mattress and a bathroom only a very slim person could move around in. The carpets throughout were disgustingly dirty. The continental breakfast was very poor tea and coffee, toast and margerine, orange squash in place of orange juice and cereals put in front of you with watered down milk with no choice. Take a tip dont stay there. Plus the car parking cost us £60 for 2 days.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or625-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Do not stay here,stay in the sainsbury carpark","Don't stay here,go to the sainsbury carpark it will be more comfortable.The rooms stink,the breakfast is a joke and the staff well they cant even speak the queens english(get rid of them) The bathrooms are never clean and Im a cleaner so I should know not that I was going to touch the muk that was in these bathrooms. Beds like rocks (carpark good idea). Whole building needs to be pulled down and rebuilt as the location is great but this place lets the whole street down.",Date of stay: December 2008,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or625-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Spend the extra money and stay somewhere else.,"While this motel (I wouldn't call it a hotel, as I've stayed in motels better than this) is ideally located, it was very shabby.  Our original reservation was for two nights, but because of the shabby accomodations, we only stayed one.  The only good thing I can say was front desk staff was friendly.  The facility is a maze of different passage ways, making it very difficult to find our room.  While this could be a very cute botique hotel, nothing has been done to maintain the premises.  A few coats of paint, some new carpeting would do wonders for the place.    The room was small, but we expected that.  There was a t.v. and phone in the room, but the t.v. only had 4 channels (no remote) and the phone would not let you dial out.  Instead, you had to go to the front desk and use…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or625-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","This is not probably the worst, IT IS THE WORST Hotel I have stayed in!!!!!","Well where do I start? As we approached the Hotel, I remember thinking, pity the poor fool who has to stay here! And then I realised it was our hotel. In general, the hotels on Cromwell Road, look very presentable. However, The Cromwell Crown Hotel on approach, was DIRTY, BIN BAGS ON THE OUTSIDE, CURTAINS HALF HANGING DOWN. On entering 'reception', it was dirty, the carpets were stained and the area stank!!  I was greeted by a lady whose English was at best poor. I was given my key, and directed to the basement. (Cue Psycho music). I opened the door and was greeted with the worst hotel room I have seen in my life, the beds were stinking, the so called en-suite, had tiles missing both a cracked sink (a small toilet sink not a bathroom sized sink. A cracked toilet pedestal, a…",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or630-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",It's a SHAME!!!,"PROS: Cheap and good location CONS: REALLY DIRTY, no changing towels after 5 days of use and 2 explicit requests, bad smell, bathroom non sanitized with fungus everywhere with no toilet paper. Breakfast recyled. Someone tried to see inside my bag.  REJECTED!!!! 2 OF 10.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or630-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",This place is a dump. Do not stop here.,"If you go onto the hotel's website the picture of the room is not one that you will get. Our Group occupied three rooms. 2 doubles and one single. The reception area is shabby with one sofa and two chairs. The carpet all throughout the hotel is old and needs replacing. On the website it states that every room has been thoughtfully decorated to give a fresh warm relaxing atmosphere. They may have thought about it but it is in need of more than just decoration. The sheets are old and torn. The bath towels are old and should be replaced. No hand towels or bath mat. As for satelite tv, there is a television that works of a fashion. The bathroom  is dingy with paint chips and scuffs everywhere. The bath was chipped and the shower curtain looked like it has never been changed. I don't…",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or630-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"This place is not a hotel, it is a hostel for students and foreign travellers. Had to pay £10 extra per night for an ensuite. Room was very small, mattress stained, could feel every spring, sheets did not fit bed, cover was torn, wires on floor, nails under carpet in doorways were exposed, window was single-glazed and cracked, bathroom had no window and smelled strongly of bleach due to no ventilation, both taps had blue tops, shower sprayed water in all directions, plug did not fit plug hole, toilet seat didn't fit. Breakfast was awful and a set 'menu' - glass of strong squash, bowl of cornflakes, glass of milk (?) and toast. Staff were all foreign and didn't understand much, were uncourteous and unfriendly. Have stayed at far, far better places for the same money. I would…",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or630-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"This is the worst place I have ever seen! Dirty, smelly just down right disgusting! How could this hotel even be allowed to take bookings?? Carpets, curtains looks like they have never been cleaned - ever! We ended up going out & only returning really late so we didnt have to sleep much in the room, we slept with all our clothes on to keep warm as we're to afraid to use the bedding! Walk into reception and hit with a bad smell. The 'shower room' has taps & a place to stand in for a shower but NO SHOWER! Just a toilet & basin * certainly no bath as their pictures show.We didnt bother with breakfast just needed to get out of there. DO NOT BOOK/STAY HERE, u will waste your money & they will not refund you.",Date of stay: November 2009,1.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or630-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but a real dump **AVOID***,"I needed a cheap hotel near Gloucester Road for one night so was not bothered  , I thought it couldn't be that bad , how wrong I was .  Firstly my double room didn't have an en-suite which it didn't mention in the booking I printed out , I was informed the room was on the 2nd floor and the nearest working shower on the 3rd . I complained and was finally given a single with an ensuite.  The room was tiny , the bed was old and knackered , the bathroom window didn't fully close or lock  and was overlooked by scaffolding as was the main window which didn't have a curtain , I decided to not leave any valuables in the room.  The bathroom was disgusting , there was stale urine in the bowl and the mirror was a badly rusted metal un- reflective  plate. There was no wardrobe to hang…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or635-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The most awful hotel I have ever stayed in.,"Even for a budget priced hotel this was terrible, the beds were awful I could feel every spring.The plumbing left a lot to be desired with a rusty radiator hanging off the wall, you could only flush the toilet periodically, no main light in the room tv didn;t work, and as for the continental breakfast it would be laughable if it wasn't so awful.  The only good things were the sheets were clean and the tea was ok.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or635-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever!,"I would not even classify this hotel as suitable hostel accomodation. Room was filthy. Didnt feel comofrtable there at all. Stayed there due to the location and rate. Was booked last minute and didnt get a chance to check out the reviews. Assumed it couldnt be that bad considering it is in a nice area of London. The bed sheets were stained, the chair in the room was covered in mould and the doona (duvet) was soiled. I dont know the last time it was washed. Didnt even bother with breakfast there. Was tempted to not stay there at all upon checking in, luckily it was only for 1 night. This place needs to clean up its act if they expect to get anymore business.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or635-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Stay at your own Peril.,"Booked into this hotel for a short midweek break, taking our two boys aged 8, and 10. The booking was made online though a hotel room booking website. Was horrified at the state of the place upon arrival. Insted on cancelling booking and arranged to stay else where.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or635-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do they call this a hotel? It was terrible...,"I travel a lot and I have never had problems with the hotels I have stayed. This was the first time. First of all, the place had nothing to do with the photos I have seen ad the internet. The rooms were small and ditry. The breakfast  was nothing special. In a word, the worst hotel ever.",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or635-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay At This Hotel,"It is absolutely disgusting, I have never seen a place so filthy. I didn't even spend the night and found another hotel on the spot.  Everything about this hotel is awful and they know it but won't do anything about it. Only good thing is that when I asked for a refund they gave it to me right away telling me in very poor English that this is the cheap hotel they have another one that's nice!!!  The rooms are carpeted, even around the sink. There's mold everywhere. They don't even bother using a vacuum cleaner. The shared bathroom is bleached but not clean because of it. They just clean the sink, the floor is dirty, the shower is dirty.  I don't ask for much and I wasn't expecting a palace for this price, but there is a serious limit. Can't believe this hotel exist and am in the…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or640-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel i've stayed at EVER!!!!,"On arrival we were given a room which we were told was on the 4th floor. We travelled up in the a horrific lift to the floor, then spent ten minutes trying to find the room and eventually found it on the stairs halfway between floors 3 and 4. The room had two different curtains covering the windows one of which was hanging off and the other of which only covered haf the window. There was a large hole in the ceiling as well as several dotted around the room. The tv in the room did not work as there was broken wiring coming out it and the carpets didn't cover the floor. There was dirt and dust covering the walls and fixtures, the bathroom was of much the same standard. I find it unbelivable how they would think it acceptable to put a paying guest in a room of this quality. I…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or640-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers at its worst,"The first room I was allocated was a room in the basement. It was dirty with a hole in the bathroom ceiling, the furniture was damaged and there were vermin bait boxws on the floor, for security purposes I was told. The stairs to the basement were hazardous. At my request I was moved to a room on the 5th floor which was slightly cleaner and the windows opened. The carpets were threadbare and the television had no remote and no instructions. It did work after I mended the ariel myself although the 'handyman' did arrive after about 2 hours. The shower was good enough to wash with although had to run for 10 minutes to get hot water. The towels were very small and covered in stains. The bed was extremely uncomfortable with the springs leaving marks on my skin and I am not thin! The…",Date of stay: June 2009,1.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or640-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and low price,"We stayed in Cromwell Crown last September, actually it was the worst hotel /hostel we stayed in. It was dirty (reconstruction needed), rooms were to small with dirty linens and something what recognise a cover we rather put away. That would not be the worst but the bartroom was- dirty, smelly and shower bath was still cluttered with hair and who know what else... It is true the location was perfect but If you bear on mind that the tube system is really wide, there is no problem to get into the center from everywhere in half an hour or less. Breakfast was quite fine, toast with orange marmelade daily... To sum up- this hotel is for travellers with really low budget. Who want to expolre the city from early morning to late evening :-)",Date of stay: September 2008,2.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or640-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",It's could be a lot worse for the price,"I stayed for 4 nights while working locally. To get a single room in London for £30, albeit without private facilities, is very cheap - a hostel would be the only other option at this price in central London. Don't stay here if you want luxury, or even a particularly pleasant place to stay - be realistic and pay the price for that. But if you want somewhere cheap and in a good location, then it's fine. The room was basic, but the sheets and towel were clean, there was a washbasin and TV in the room and toilet/shower down the corridor - very old and tatty with a horrible shower curtain. The breakfast was cornflakes, toast, tea or coffee and lemon squash. I think (I didn't risk it). The staff were pleasant and efficient. There's a lot of traffic noise in the front rooms as it's…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or640-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Dump,"The pictures they show are false advertising. The rooms look nothing like the photos and the outside of the building is filthy.  This place is a disgusting dump.  Cleary the hotels in Britain are never checked for standards as this one should no longer be in business. Place is shoddy, has not been maintained for years and a definate NO NO for other travellers. Beds are so old, you bascially sleep on bed springs.  The pillows are so old and flat they need not bother to put pillows on the beds.  The carpets are probably 30 years old and have never has a proper clean.  Bathrooms are shoddy, no air vents.  The dustbin in the bathroom was battered and rusty. The breakfast is erved by an abrupt foreigner who hardly give you a chance to eat or drink your tea before whipping the dishes…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or645-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What a DUMP!!!!,"This hotel has to be the worst I have ever stayed in, I cannot understand why this place is allowed to be open!!  I was staying with 3 friends so we decided to book a room for 4, when we booked we requested a room with 2 singles and 1 double with an ensuite.  We got to our room we were shocked to say the least, for a start there were 4 bunkbeds - not what we had asked for and the room was just awful - dirty, filthy walls with large holes next to where you are meant to sleep, curtains (if you could call them that) broken and hanging down from the rail, not to mention the pile of about 7 old tvs just dumped in the corner of the room!!   We then asked to me moved and were given a room on the top floor which in comparison was better but again the walls were dirty and written on by…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or645-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",OMG - Can't believe I actually spent the night here!!!,"Booked this hotel on-line as it looked cheap and cheerful!  Only wanted a hotel so we could get changed for a night out after work and all 4 girls not have to go home alone in taxi's! Sooooo shouldn't have booked it!  The pictures are quite obviously FAKE!  Must have been taken when the hotel first opened or are of another better quality hotel!  The first room we were offered was on the ground floor......walked in to see 4 lots of bunk beds, 5 TV's piled in the corner and curtains that were hanging off of the rail and didn't even close!  We then went to reception and asked for another room!  We got a room on the 5th floor this time - this had 3 double beds - one which looked like it was going to split down the middle!  The bathroom was clean and so were the towels and bedsheets!…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or645-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",It's just fine.,"Far better than the other reviews suggest.  Rooms are size of narrow dorm single.  Private bath (shower) similar.  Clean, no bugs at all.  Carpet is old.  Staff (lobby, breakfast) is friendly, competent.  Breakfast is just cereal, toast with the works, drinks.  Excellent location, Sainsbury's supermarket 2 minute walk.  2 excellent restaurants across the street.  Walk to Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Museum of Natural History.  Wifi in lobby. London hotels cost more than those in US and in towns, but less than Amsterdam's.",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or645-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!!I'm Begging you...,"I reserved this hotel  for 5 nights online because it was the cheapest one available. When I got there the lobby was disgusting. It had a ""no smoking"" sign, but the place stunk of smoke. After she made me pay upfront for the five night stay (which i though was off) I struggled to get my two pieces of luggage in the elevator, which seemed to be made to hold only one person. The elevator doors didn't even close properly.   I find my room and it's the size of a closet. the beds were half of a twin sized bed. The sheets  and pillow covers were nasty and dirty. They use wooden window, and the wood was chipping off so I got a splinter in my hand. I thought I could stay there until i realized there was NO BATHROOM in the room. There's a community bathroom across the hall. I've never…",Date of stay: March 2009,1.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or645-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump! I'll never forget the rotten orange mattress I had to sleep on!,"Nothing prepares you for the true horror of the Cromwell 'Crown', quite possibly the worst 'hotel' that hasn't be condemned by the authorities. This place re-defied nasty with its filthy rooms and rotten odour. We stayed there as we had a flight to Chicago the next morning and we needed somewhere cheap. Big mistake!  When we got there they claimed the card machine didn't work and insisted we paid by cash, even though we'd booked online! They did refund us eventually a few weeks later. The mattress on the bed was the vilest shade of orange, obviously as a result of decades of sweat and grime! It smelt smoky and damp, and was in an abhorrent state, although thankfully I was so tired I did manage to sleep.   We weren't lucky enough to get an en-suite room so we had to use the…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or650-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful awful awful - thought Jack Nicholason was going to burst through the door,"I too stayed in this hotel last year as a cheap option for our stay in London.  When we walked in I want too bothered about the general appearance, as normally as long as I can get my head down for the night I am happy!! Well, when we found our room, we discovered about a 10 inch gap in the floor boards looking down into the next room.  The sink was stained and looked like people used it as a toilet.  Speaking of toilets- it looked like the room out of Saw!! There was a nasty stain on the ceiling which looked like blood had pooled from the room above and the door creaked like something out of a horro movie- I made my fiancee come with me for a pee!  We spent as much time out of the room as possible and when we returned to get a nights sleep, we slept on top of the covers in our…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or650-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Awful that's it,3 years passed...but reading other reviews it seems to me I was there yesterday...nothing has been improved since then...If I were in charge I would feel ashamed.,Date of stay: March 2006,2.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or650-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Oh my God!!, The UK Goverment needs to inspect it!","My god, the place is a dump!. God knows what goes on behind the scenes!. Don't stay there you will probably leave with somthing you did not arrive with!.  Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? I would not recommend it to my enemy! it really is that bad.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or650-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - truly awful hovel.,"As a self-employed businessman, I stay in value hotels in this part of London a fair bit. This is the worst I have ever experienced.  The first room I was offered contained a sink overflowing with vomit. I asked to change, and was offered a room which, blissfully, was mostly free of human fluids, But it did have 'clean me' written in finger-writing in the grime on the wall. It looked like it had not been decorated in 30 years, and stunk of smoke (a 'no smoking' room).  This is the dirtiest hotel I have ever seen. The location is very good - especially if you don't know London well, and are interested in visiting Hyde Park, the Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Palace, the Natural History Museum, the Victoria & Albert Museum or the West End. It is 200 or 300 yards/metres from…",Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or650-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",the most advisable cheap option for central london,"I would advise this hotel to all those who wish to stay in central london not pretending spacious accomodation. Friendly 24 hours reception, wi-fi and wide breakfast room.",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or655-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing to say but terrible!!!,"The worst shower / bathroom I have ever seen, and the staff was nothing else but rude!",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or655-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER EVER STAY HERE,"I needed to stay 1 night in London for an audition I had the following morning. I booked this hotel about a week in advance via activehotels.com  When I got off the tube at gloucester road I began to make my way towards the hotel, passing many other hotels on the way that all looked great. I really thought I'd done well, as I'd only paid £27 for a singe en-suite room.  When I got outside the hotel I began to think ""oh my god"". The actuall sign for the hotel appears to be rotting. When I went into the reception, I was immediately hit by the smell of vomit. Also the the building seemed to be in a very bad state of repair, wall paper peeling off, filthy carpet etc. I then had to pay the £27 again! I was staying on the 5th floor, the lift (which looked like it was going to break at…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or655-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE - EVEN IF YOU GET PAID FOR IT!!!!!,"It was the worst hotel Ive ever stayed at! It doesnt even deserve the title hotel, its a BAD hostel! 10 rooms at each floor, with ONE shower and ONE toilets to share for us all!!! Everything was dirty, the toilet, shower, walls, floor... It was old and poor. We had ordered a tripleroom, but we had to switch rooms 3 times before they got us the right one. The breakfast was a joke. One plate of Corn Flakes, warm milk, a cup of coffee and a slice of toast?? Thats supposed to be the breakfast of a 2* hotel??? I wouldnt go back here even if I got paid good money for it, no way. The location was good, but by far not good enough to stand the crappy standard of this ""hotel"". The staff spoke very poor english and seemed not interested in the gusts at all. So - DONT STAY…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or655-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hell on earth is a compliment,"This was possibly the worst experience I have ever had at an hotel! My friend booked us a night on their website as it was only a few tube stops away from Olympia (The Yoga Show) and we were looking for reasonably priced accommodation. From the first moment of entering the reception we were regretting our booking! It looked more like a brothel than a hotel. Money was demanded up front before you could even see your room. The carpet in the hall ways hadn't seen a vacuum cleaner for about 20 years which added to the dirty smell in the air.  We got stuck in the lift on our way to our room, sounded the alarm but no-one gave a toss or came to help us, luckily it moved again! Our room was just a disgrace. The base of one of the single beds looked like either somone had spilt their…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or655-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","Never stay at this ""hotel"".  It is horrific ...","We booked this hotel via Lastminute.com. It was advertised as a 2* hotel. Having further investigated what you would expect from a 2* hotel this place was worlds away from that. We arrived at reception and as other reviews have stated, the staff barely spoke english.  Having already booked and paid in full via Lastminute, the staff initially requested payment again. Eventually they gave us our keys and we went to our room. We entered the room, to find that 2 of the three windows were covered with ripped sheets (not curtains), the other had curtains that did not meet. We had a family room, which consisted of 2 single and one double bed. The beds were in a very poor state of repair and the bedding looked very grotty. The bathroom was very dirty. Tiles were broken or missing…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or660-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Ever been meslead?,"Ok to start off with, I booked online to get a good rate.  Throw that out the window.  They DO NOT accept online booking other than reserving rooms.  You still have to pay at the hotel.  Then in the listings it never states that the WC is shared.  Oh my, I have had better experiences and bathrooms at a campground. A double room consists of 3 twin mattresses lined up in a row.  Very meager accomidations.  This hotel is a good deal if you are traveling alone or if you want that hostel feel vacation.  But I DO NOT reccommend this hotel for any couples.  Staff is as unhelpful as possible and your towels get changed maybe every 3 days.  STAY AWAY!!",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or660-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worse than the cheap hotels in Asia,"If it was possible to give the hotel a lower grade we would have.  The first impression of the hotel was really bad and it did not get better throughout the stay. The receptionist couldn't care less about the guests cheking in. Could barely speak english.  When we saw our room, it did not have any bathroom. The shared bathroom had mildew on the ceiling, cockroaches crawling on the walls, water on the entire floor. And on the last day of our stay, water began to come through the ceiling from the 3rd floor.   Our room was very small with three mirrors, maybe an attempt to cheat us in believing that the room was much bigger!! It did not look like any of the pictures we saw when we booked the hotel on the internet. Futhermore, the bed was really awful, it felt like sleeping on…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or660-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Find somewhere else,"The hotel was very dirty and extremely rundown, there was a plastic pipe that went through the middle of the room at ankle height and newspaper stuffed into the wall at one end where the pipe went into the wall.  I found a bed bug in my bed and quilt had stains on it! The bathroom and toilet were shared and not very clean. The staff told me the wrong information about trying to use the phone and were not very helpful, one man I encountered on the desk didn't speak much english and couldn't really help me. The breakfast room was not opened on time, under my breakfast table was a whole lot of spilt sugar on the ground that nobody had cleaned up. The breakfast was mediocre, especially the watered down powdered orange drink. It is well overpriced, I had paid 15 pounds less to stay…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or660-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What an absolute dive!!!,"I urge anyone that wants a clean luxurious hotel with high quality fixtures and fittings to stay well clear of this place. I wouldn't even book my worst enemy into this hole. We had 4 rooms; Room 1 - Mildew on the ceiling in bathroom, no plug in the bath, bed sheets fastened up with drawing pins (meant to be curtains) and a door handle that comes off in your hand. Room 2 - A family room with 5 sets of bunk beds reminded me of a concentration camp. With one bed across an open fire place, a pile of 7 old tvs in the corner. Room 3 - in the basement and so damp it is untrue anyone with slight chest problems could become very ill. Room 4 - more of a cell than a hotel room. The common areas were filthy some lovely original features which probably are hard to clean have just been left…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or660-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dont stay here!!,we stayed in this hotel two nights ago. booked because of its location. its very close to tube stop and about £4 pounds to royal albert hall and museums.  this is seriously the only good thing.  bad points:  1) Reception couldn't speak english. Paper based reservations system 2) scruffy dirty carpet  3) Room in basement. directly outside out window was the staffs smoking area! not great 4) cockroach in bathroom 5) now this is purely cosmetic but none of the bedlinen matched. although it did appear to be clean 5)CArpets were awful.  6) Breakfast- served by a moody girl who thought that 2 pieces of toast was enough for 4 people and barked at me when more was requested 7) Fire alarm went off in the night for about 30 seconds for around 10 minutes 8) bed i was on was broken and as…,Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or665-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",s****** hotel Ive ever stayed in,"I stayed here just this weekend and it was obvious right from the start that it was gonna be s***... the board outside had 2 pieces of dead ivy leaves in the box displaying pictures of the hotel that were curling over and blue tinted obviously from the ivy leaves.   Then when we went into the reception area, the internet point wasn't working, the carpet was torn at the edges and the place was utterly filled with dust.  The staff were all friendly directing us to the right place and letting us leave our bags early so we didn't have to trek them around with us.   Then when we came back to get changed for a party we were going to that night we walked past the shared shower and toilet but 'thankfully' we didn't have to use it as we had an 'ensuite'. it was definitely smaller than my…",Date of stay: September 2008,1.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or665-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and lousy,"Maybe the lousiest and dirtiest place I've ever seen...  When I arrived I realized the shared bathroom door at the second floor was broken, I saide I wanted it fixed, they told me it would be fixed in an hour...well, I left a week later, but the door was still broken...  Well, no matter if you are at the 2nd floor and shared bathroom has a broken door, you can have a shower or squat at the 3rd floor...  Take care!! The pictures you see aren't the real rooms of the Cromwell Crown hotel...they are cheating",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or665-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Automatic,"First of all, i would like to say...  I ONLY STAYED HERE CAUSE I WAS DESPERATE. The hotel was incredibly [--]. There was rat urine on my bed and pillow and there were rat droppings on the bed. The funniest part of my stay was...when the manager or whatever closed the door, we asked him if he needed the key and he goes ""no its automatic"", now that was funny. But anyways the room was incredibly dirty and the toilet was the size of my closet. My friends bathroom was even smaller, their toilet and shower was inside the little closet sized bathroom and the sink was beside their bed. Sheets were dirty and when i rest my head on the pillow it felt like i was resting my head on nothing just the actual bed. The only thing i liked about the hotel room was that the fire alarm didn't work…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or665-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",filthy,"We booked this hotel on the basis it had a family room, 1 double 2 singles. It was on the top floor with a lift for 1 person. The room and bathroom were so bad we considered booking in to the closest holiday inn and losing our money but put up with it because it was only for 1 night. The breakfast was a joke. They even watered down the milk!!",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or665-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",do not go,that place is a joke. i booked only for two nights but in the second night i slept to a friend. is the worst hotel ever in which i stayed. in the pictures look nice but the reality is very different. please do not book any rooms for that hotel.    please...............,Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or670-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",terrible hotel,"Yes it is in the center of the london however; this was the worst hotel I stayed ever.  it was dirty,  breakfast was terrible,  the bed was broken so we had to change the room which was primarily given us, the room was not cleaned even though I specifically asked for 4 times for each day I stayed there,  the towels were not changed even though I asked many times,  there was no curtain in the room, a piece of white sheet was nailed on the window,  in bathroom I avoided touching around because it was so bad and unclean,  no remote control for tv hanged on the ceiling, so you have to walk to the tv to change the channel, when I first came into hotel the fire alarm was on and the person at the desk was so calmly admitted the fire alarm and did nothing. Overall, the service is very…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or670-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The Coffee Tasted like Salami.,"Rather than read the whole review I will conclude now;   The hotel did the job, we needed a cheap place to stay for the night. There are other hotels that provide this though, and they are a hell of a lot better. Book your hotel in advance guys, to avoid crappy hotels like this one!  The free breakfast consisted of, dry toast, cheap conflakes and coffee that tasted like salami.   Despite arriving to breakfast first we were almost served last, the serving girl was working flat out though so fair play to her. Staying at this hotel was an act of desperation, everyone else was fully booked.  We arrived to an empty reception, and waited a good few minutes before anyone acknowledged us. The guy that eventually booked us in didn't give a [--], but fair enough i don't blame him for…",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or670-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel is a Joke,"Dont Stay in this hotel, unles you are very Very and I mean, very desperate. Hotel staff uncaring, room very shabby, dirty, dusty, works going on.  Found a Big live cockroach, or what seemed like a cockroach in what they hotel describes as  the on suite. Bathroom shabby, dirty, old, just like the rest of the hotel. Oh the shower worked, and  actually had hot water.  Mattress was a nightmamre,  had to request some quilts to place on top of the mattress so that the springs wouldn't dig into us. Quilts were very dusty,  and shabby.  I wouldn't dare to walk barefoot on the filthy carpet for fear of catching any kind of foot disease. All in all I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone",Date of stay: April 2008,1.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or670-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Health and Safety Risk - Beware,"Firstly, DO NOT confuse the Cromwell Crown Hotel with the Cromwell Hotel (Best Western) over the road - a very easy mistake but I'm afraid you really do get what you pay for:  The hotel was very reasonably priced for the area at 25 pounds each - we only needed a place to lay our heads for a few hours as we were planning a full weekend out and about.  The hotel is small, shabby, dirty and the 'staff' were mostly uncaring, mainly because they  only seemed to communicate in shrugs if asked a question before hurriedly huddling back into groups to resume whatever language they were speaking which appeared to be Polish.  We had booked a double en suite and to be fair the room itself although very small was clean from the point of view of the sheets but the decor was very shabby indeed…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or670-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"This was the WORST ""Hotel"" I have ever had the misfortune to book.  It resembled nothing like on the website. Firstly it was a building site - morter and dust everywhere. Our room was down 2 flights of stairs and the heating system resembled the noises expected in the hull of a huge ship.  No ventilation due to the construction works as one could not open a window.  Camp beds for me and my husband and rusty bunks for the kids.  Bathroom size of a small broom cupboard.  No kettle, hairdryer or locker.  TV not working.  Stayed for duration of 10 to 15 mins, just enough time to ring and book another hotel.  Can't understand why this has not been investigated by the Health and Safety Authorities.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or675-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Rank!,"DON'T STAY HERE! Stayed at this hotel in 2002 as I was visiting the Royal Albert Hall and found it via activehotels.com.  My window didn't close and it faced out on one of London's busiest streets, there were flies everywhere, the TV plug was hanging out of the broken socket and the unit it was sat on was broken so that it was listing dangerously. The bedclothes were disgusting and I actually slept fully clothed on top of the sheets, there were stains all over the walls and I had a shared bathroom that didn't appear to have been cleaned since 1982. I went down a floor too many when going to reception and had the misfortune of walking into a room that was wall-to-wall filthy mattresses.   It's cheap for London but you would not settle for this standard anywhere else so don't…",Date of stay: June 2004,1.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or675-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"This has got to be the worst hotel in London. It was shabby and dirty, needed a really good clean.  Facilities need upgrade. I can cope if its clean, but it was not.  The room was paid for as a double, but in reality although there was a horrible old double bed the room was too small for it (no headboard and pillow end was against a radiator under a window).  Everything from the paint work to facilities was really unclean and desperately in need of a makeover or fixing. Breakfast was very basic, some kind of apple cordial with cottonwool toast and margerine. Overall it was a really unpleasant stay and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or675-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"To describe this hotel as a dump is an understatement. When we arrived I could not believe I was in the right place. The description on the web is nothing like the actual hotel. The picture of the bedroom bears no resemblance to the room we were shown to, down in the basement, a definite fire trap. We could not stay here and had to spend the afternoon trying for an alternative hotel. Places like this should not be allowed to call themselves hotels and should be closed down. I pity anyone who books this on the strength of their website description. STAY AWAY!!",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or675-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel in London,"This has got to be the worst hotel in London. I arrived with a friend and you can tell from down the street how horrible it is compared with the others in the area. Inside was no better it was really dirty and grotty. Alot of the facilities are old and broken. The toilets are disguting and the shower is no better.  There was even damp on one of the celings in the hall. The room was disgraceful, one bed was broken and the other in need of a new mattress. Bedding was old and worn and didn't even match. Also the window did not shut properly.  Everything from the paint work to facilities was really unclean and desperately in need of a makeover or fixing. Overall it was a really unpleasant stay and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or675-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",take insect repellant with you!,I stayed here 2 nights ago with my 8 year old daughter who was performing at the school proms at the royal albert hall. Knowing i had to take my child back to this disgusting dump almost ruined the whole experience. I checked in with another parent who was also staying there with her daughter. The smell of bleach hit us as soon as we walked in and it soon became obvious that it was to mask the smell of filth it was so strong you could taste it.I found my room with no help or directions from the less than helpful staff. It was tiny. There was a single window with a curtain drawn across it (in the middle of the day) i pulled it back to reveal a ladder lying across it (not up against) to prevent me opening the window more than a couple of inches. The bed was awful i have thrown…,Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or680-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Not even for Animals,"Consider sleeping rough before booking a room in this so called Hotel. The one plus point was that there was no rats to be seen on the premises,  I guess rats in London have standards! ",Date of stay: August 2007,1.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or680-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Officially the worst hotel in London?,"I saw the nice pics of this 'hotel' and was offered an 'online discount' for a family room.  What a joke.  I have only myself to blame.  When we arrived at the hovel (it is an insult to decent hotels to call the Cromwell a hotel) I should have listened to my instinct that urged me to turn and run.  Instead, I paid for the room for the night because the Polish receptionist told us we could not leave our suitcase there while we visited the local museums if we didn't pay for the room first.  When we arrived at the hovel after a long day at the History Museum and went down into the basement to reach our room - (dirty and loose stair carpet and filthy walls and what is the smell?) we were alarmed to see that our room's door handle was broken and could not be locked!  That was nothing…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or680-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",The Cromwell Crown is a dive,"Right folks, where to start? The only thing going for this place is its location. A stone's throw from the Natural History Museum, and some great restaurants and bars. That's the positives over with. The first thing you notice as you enter this hotel is its smell: a combination of 'wet dog', vomit and sweat... I actually gagged, and had to hold my breath as I walked the corridors.  Our room which was supposed to be a 'spacious' quad with 4 separate beds, was in fact small, with a double bed and 2 singles, a TV (no remote) and a cupboard. It felt unclean and the paint on the walls were stained and falling off. Needless to say the window remained open all night, as the smell of smoke (must have been a chain-smoker below) kept us company all night...   The bathroom was tiny, the…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or680-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Prison cell!,"Could not believe how awful the place was.  We had to sleep in seperate rooms as they did not have a triple room that we had booked.  We have travelled the world on a budget and never come across a room/hotel so bad.  We joked about cockroaches only to see one minutes later - it was huge.  The bedroom had huge parts of the wallpaper missing and what was still on the wall was filthy.  There were patches of white paint where they had tried to paint over grafitti - on an orange background!  Two single beds were crammed into a single room.  The door would not even open properly.  The beds were disgusting, the sort where there is big dips in the middle and you feel every spring.  Breakfast was thrown at you.  Cold toast and orange flavoured water.  The place is very noisy as all the…",Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or680-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",would rather camp in my car lol,Well what can i say dingy smelly old and scary i think sums it up. Actually slept in my clothes due to a smell on the bed and slept on top of a towel was the worst night ever had to share a disgusting bathroom and the doors are thin so u can hear everything never ever ever again would rather sleep in my car ,Date of stay: July 2007,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or685-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Cromwell Crown,"This hotel is terrible, but if you need cheep one-night stay, you can stand there. I'd like to dissuade everyone who wants to stay there longer. Room was awful, but I came late in the evening  and left very early next morning. The biggest advantage of this palce is its location in the city centre. ",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or685-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","cromwell crown kensington-chelsea,london","has to be the worst experience,ever, if this ""hotel"" was anywhere in rep. of ireland,it would  be shut down on health and safety grounds. we(2 couples)left early next morning,found a wonderful 2 bedroom apartment 200 mtrs.away,we declined the breakfast at the crown!.     filthy and disgusting,slept on tpo of bed covers,showered at other superb accomadation next morning. i could go on forever, just take this advice,find genuine accomadation ,avoid the cromwell crown ""kip""also the photos of ""hotel""do not match    the rooms inside. ",Date of stay: May 2007,1.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or685-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",absolutly terrible,do not stay at this hotel ever i made the mistake only because i was on a cheap budget the room was dirty and looked like it had not been cleaned properly in months there was burn holes in the mattress from cigarettes the tv only had 4 channels there was no hot water there was barely any water on the fourth floor the window would not stay open and was dirty the breakfast consisted of cereals toast orange juice watered down and tea or coffee very poor. this hotel needs closing down has i have reported it to trading standards the photos of the rooms are not true there a fake its a shame i never took any. ,Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or685-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Come back Basil Fawlty all is forgiven,"Why oh why did I not read these reviews before booking this hotel.  What a dirty, digusting place.  There were no plugs for the sink or the bath, cracked tiles and loo roll holder.  Dirty carpets, duvet cover had hole in it, but what's worse I think we've brought some visitors home with us, the jumping kind!!!!  The breakfast was terrible, watered down orange juice, stale cornflakes, cold toast and butter and marmalade look alike's.  Our triple room was so small and there was a dreadful smell from the drains when the window was opened.  No alarm call needed as the water pipes started making a banging noise in the early morning.  I warn anyone who thinks of booking a room in this hotel .................... DON'T! ",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or685-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",what a shock!!!!!,when we arrived at the hotel our hearts dropped. the broken sign outside was the first sign. we were told we had to pay as we checked in and told how to get to our room. it took us ten minutes... there are no signs and corridors have torn carpets and have dirty walls. our room was tiny. the bed was shoved against a wall with no headboard. the curtains were falling down and there were tiles misssing off the bathroom wall. there was no remote control for the tv and there is supposed to be satelite tv in every room.... we had four channels. for breakfast you get water with a dash of lemon and they described it as orange juice. you get a bowl of cornflakes and a slice of toast. it was so so bad all we could do was laugh instead of cry. we had to stay out late because we could not…,Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or690-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",disgraceful,"if anyone is thinking of booking this hotel dont, take it from one who knows this hotel should be labelled with a health warning sign in the window it is  dirty, smells, furniture is a disgrace carpets have never seen a clean, bathrooms are smoothered with mould and cracked tiles on the floor, i am ashamed  to be british if this is what we have to offer in this country as a poor excuss for a hotel, some one needs to go there and have it shut down this is one hotel i will never use again and i am very annoyed to find that when i have gone to write this review i now am reading more discusting reviews from people who have also been to this hotel ,and even more annoyed to find that this hotel is still in opperation. we have better boarding kennels for animals than this hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2007,1.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or690-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Hated every minute,"This is without doubt the worst hotel we have every stayed in. We booked a double en-suite. we got a room so small that the bed was pushed up against the wall so that the door would open. One of the draws was falling apart the carpet and bed cover were filthy and the walls were badly marked. The bed itself was disgustingly dirty and supremely uncomfortable.  The bathroom was minute, the light fitting was hanging off the ceiling. The floor tiles were broken end cracked as were the wall tiles, and the bath was chipped.  A notice on the door informed us that we were to dial ""0"" for reception if we heard anything suspicious- - - - .  DO NOT STAY HERE",Date of stay: December 2006,1.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or690-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London","As expected for cost, good location","booked via studentuniverse.com  reasonable hotel for cost (paid ~23 pounds for 1 night)  Very small room (single) but perfectly adequate for a quick 1-2 night stay. Clean bed sheets, though carpet and bed cover looked dirty. Bathrooms were clean and worked. Each floor has 2-3 bathrooms/showers - walk around and find the one that looks best. I stayed on the 4th floor and used the shower on level 1.  Dont know why the other reviews are so bad - the hotel was what i would expect for the cost. Superb location - minutes from earls court and gloucester stations, right across from a 24-hour Sainsbury supermarket & an internet cafe. Good for a single person ,student or preofessional on a short visit, definitely not comfortable for families.",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or690-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel,"I arrived at 2am very tired and was appalled to see the state of the hotel.  We were on the top floor about five flights of stairs, but were advised not to use the lift as it kept stopping!! My bedroom window would not close and was open 12 inches or more, the breeze that night was quite strong and was blowing a gale into my room, it was freezing and to top it the noise from the traffic was awful.  My shower was broken so I would off had to stand and hold it while trying to wash so didn’t even bother with it. The hotel was dirty the carpet and bed cover did not look like it had been cleaned in months!! How they pass environmental health standards I will never know.   A couple of friends who also stayed there that night had to sleep the whole night with their door unlocked as you…",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or690-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrible,"If the hotel could have been worse I'm not sure how.  Torn carpet, moldy walls, a bathroom with wet floors and a shower curtain that couldn't keep water off the floor, stuffy and hot, TV didn't work (not that we wanted to watch it, but still)... breakfast is cereal and toast and nothing more... room cleanup took all of 10 minutes and consisted of putting out new towels and pretending to make the beds... staff isn't friendly and makes you feel like they're doing you a favor by letting you stay there.... find somewhere else - anywhere else. ",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or695-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",ooowah !,We booked in here for a cheap stop over while in London. . . .JUST AWFULL !  The room was the size of my laundry with two old beds in it the share bathroom ranged from stinking of urine to eye watering bleach smell.  The window did not close and when it rained the water came in.  The room was so loud and you could not cope here in the winter.  After the 3 night I took the towels downstairs to reception and asked for clean ones he snapped at me that they don't change them every day (it was 3 days) gave me two new towels and told me to leave the others on the floor they stayed there for 6 hours.  Breakfast nothing special.  The only good thing about this hotel is location close to tube and local attractions.  PS I got tinea from the shower ! ,Date of stay: August 2005,1.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or695-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",simply crap,"This is definitely a no-go! What an insult to tourists. Bad sevice, terrible breakfast, dirty and unpleasing decor. Pity I didn't see the reviews before I booked in. ",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or695-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Real photos. Not really a comfortable stay.,"If you want to see the real photos we have taken of this hotel, please write to cristina.barbato@ferrettigroup.com. I would suggest this hotel only for very very very limited budget stays and with no other option. In 6 days, room and bathroom never be cleaned unless begging, towels had to be replaced many times because dirty before use, blankets with black stains and cigarettes holes all over, basin in front of bed, not in the bathroom, no hangers in the dirty wardrobe, dirty drawers,... the list would be too long. The ""multilingual staff"" mentioned in the hotel web site are all young girls, mostly from Eastern Europe, working on hour basis to support their life while studying English Language in London. Certainly not a professional and stable staff...  Breakfast is monotematic:…",None,1.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or695-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs !,"The most horrible hotel I've ever been to ! There was a vile smell coming from the drains in the bathroom (had to keep widow open as they souldn't give me another room !), Bad carpet, peeling wallpaper, holes in the walls like somebody tried a bad DIY job, no satellite TV (despite what their website said), very noisy (traffic + foreign guests partying very loudly). They couldn't even advice me on a cab firm to use. Lousy breakfast (almost cold coffee, 6 pieces of toasts with the tiniest bit of margarine + marmalade in little cups and a little sorry-looking bowl of cereals !). This hotel is dirty + awful, please avoid it !!!",None,1.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or695-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",Never again !!!,"Luckily we booked only one night. One room was uncleaned with dirty linens, water spots on the ceiling, dirt under the bed. it seems they never used the vacuum. the second room (double-room basic) had an old matratze you feel each spring. the room was only about 2 meters to 5 meters and only one sink in it. but you have 3 mirrors (it makes the room bigger .. smile). the furniture looks like from the flee-market.  the basic-rooms have an outside toilet and shower. Next day they serve you unasked cornflakes and milk. jelly like chewing-gum and orangewater (more water than juice). instant-coffee. the best was the tea. resumee: if you like dirty old hotel rooms with dust on the furniture book this hotel.",None,1.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or700-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",my god!!!,"I think this hotel was the hotspot in a war. don't believe the pictures , the hotel management was rude. Some of the rooms smelled like fire and we even had some bugs who joined us in the morning for a shower.  Probably i got home with some kind of disease. Please read this review before booking people",None,1.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d192104-Reviews-or700-Cromwell_International_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cromwell International Hotel Reviews, London",What a dump,"I don't think anyone knowingly would book this hotel. Filthy dirty, wallpaper peeling, stains on the ceiling, pencil scrawlings on the bedroom wall, toilet soiled with crap and p*** . Awake half the night from the traffic on Cromwell road and the noise of sqeaking and banging doors as drunks came in.  Can't comment on the breakfast. Checked out early to find somewhere clean to eat.",None,1.0
